---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: ABNB
title: "How to analyze an Airbnb using AirDNA in 2025 (My NEW strategy)"
channel: "Robuilt"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: H4jX-lbbzns
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4jX-lbbzns
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# How to analyze an Airbnb using AirDNA in 2025 (My NEW strategy)

**Channel**: Robuilt  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4jX-lbbzns

## Transcript

You put in your address and then it spits out a projected revenue. And I think it's gotten a lot of people in trouble. I was very upset with the way that the old Rentalizer used to work. All right, confession time. For years, I hated AirDNA's rentalizer tool. It felt way too basic, and I just felt like it misled a lot of newbie investors that would only use the rentalizer portion of the AirDNA platform and no other aspect of it. And honestly, I just think that it got a lot of investors in trouble because they would take the rentalizer at face value. So, I guess what I'm saying is the AirDNA platform itself, awesome. Great for actually analyzing Airbnbs. The rentalizer feature within the AirDNA platform, not awesome until now because AirDn just dropped some massive updates and for the first time ever, the Rentalizer is kind of a baddie. Like, I like what they did with the place. It's kind of awesome. So, I brought in the perfect guest to come in and break down these new updates with me on the channel. His name is John Bianke, and he's an AirDNA data expert that has completely reshaped the way that I analyze short-term rentals. And in this episode, we're going to show you why the AirDNA Rentalizer's new features are a total gamecher and how you can use them to comp properties and properly evaluate deals in a competitive landscape where being precise and dialed in with your projections is literally more important than ever. Oh, and if you want to test drive the new AirDNA rentalizer for yourself, I'll leave a link in the description down below. That'll save you some money. I think you should get like 10% off. Okay, let's get into it. John Bianke, welcome to the podcast. Uh, excited to have you here because some kind of big movements in the world of analytics and you're you're kind of like the data guy as it as it pertains to everything short-term rentals. Would you agree with that statement? >> I've been working really hard to make that a fact, but uh so I I think so. Yeah. >> Yeah. for for everyone that's watching this, John pretty much taught me everything I know about analyzing Airbnbs. And our our tool of choice um is AirDNA and AirDNA as a platform uh if you actually use the robust aspects of the platform, I think it's a fantastic way to comp out and analyze a deal. However, there is this one tool within the AirDNA platform that I think people have given too much credit to uh or they've put too much kind of belief into for many many years. And that tool is the Rentalizer. Effectively, if you're if you're unfamiliar with that tool, what it does is you put in your address of a property that you're looking to buy. You then put in the bed bath count and then it goes beep beep and then it spits out a projected revenue number and I think a lot of people would take that number and kind of just run with it and believe that that's how much their property is going to make and I think it's gotten a lot of people in trouble over the years and so I haven't really been a big fan of it. Um John I don't know what your stance is but knowing you I'd imagine probably not a huge fan of the Rentalizer yourself. Well, what do you what do you think? I don't I don't want to speak for you. Yeah. No, I was I was very upset with the way that the old Rentalizer you uh used to work because they would just tell you what that number was and everyone was just going out buying properties based off of that. Like even the the loan officers were using that as a way to determine to give a loan and you couldn't change up the comps and there was it was it was a big issue. It was genuinely genuinely a big issue. So I'm very very happy to see that they made those changes. >> And to be fair, it's what we had for many years like AirDna hasn't always been a very mega sophisticated platform. It's it's been pretty good, but like it just I think for a lot of newbie investors, it's just really easy to be like, "Oh, address good to go." And so, you know, now brings us to 2025. Um, they have kind of changed the tool. And I'm actually very impressed with what they've done with it. And I wanted to bring you on to maybe do like a walk through of the new Rentalizer and how people can actually use this tool to do quick comps, right? Or really full-on analysis. But I think for what we have time for today, I just want to kind of walk through the tool and just show someone like a beginner if they're jumping into the platform what they would need to do to succeed with the AirDNA rentalizer. >> Um, before we do, can we maybe just talk about kind of the the whole reason that the rentalizer is bad and kind of the magic of of AirDNA and kind of the idea of like good data, bad data? because I think that context is probably important to understand how the rentalizer tool is sort of powered and really just the whole AirDNA platform in general. >> Okay, so Airbnb data is not all equal, right? Uh AirDNA and every other uh software out there that's trying to bring forward all this Airbnb data is doing their best, but they're not perfect. And essentially what these companies are doing is they have algorithms that check the calendar of every single Airbnb every single day. And that al algorithm will go in there and record the calendar and let's say that there's, you know, 30 days available and every single day is available for $100. Well, that algorithm is going to come back the next day and if it sees that one of those days is blocked off, it's going to assume that it was a booking and that that host just made $100 plus whatever the cleaning fee was, right? And it's going to repeat this process over and over and over and over and over again. And uh essentially, as long as you have somebody who is a full-time host and uh they've been managing it for almost a full year, you can get a fairly accurate annual revenue number from that property, right? As long as no there's no interruptions with that person who's hosting throughout that time period. um or if they're not a part-time host. That's where you start to get really bad data is when there's a part-time host because the algorithm has a hard time of actually uh on knowing if it's a a blocking or a booking. And so then therefore, we always want to use what we refer to as a full-time host and also been around for a full year because if they've only been around for 30 days, it's really hard to know exactly what they made over a full year. Uh you can't just you you can't really predict. It's not enough information yet to predict what that full year is going to be. And so if we can get both the full-time host and a full-time here, we have annual revenue number. And once you have the annual revenue number, you can actually start doing proper underwriting to know if the deal is going to work or not. What John just said is a very manual process. You have to look at hundreds of comps sometimes and decide, is this comp an actual comp that I should be paying attention to, or is it just someone who listed their property for a day? And because of the manual aspect of that, it's something that it takes a lot of time to do. The rentalizer is not a manual tool. It basically takes all the good ones, all the bad ones, all the medium ones, slaps them together, and it gives you this projection. And so what the big change with the rentalizer now is there's a lot more customization with the rentalizer that actually allows you to get a fairly decent projected revenue because you you can now insert some of this manual data pooling and entry if that makes sense. >> Yeah, the the rentalizer is a tool that will try its best to forecast what the revenue is going to be for your property, but it does two things poorly. The first one is that it still uses all of the data, right? So even if the property's been around for not a full year, it's still going to use that information. And that's one of the things that we want to try and remove. Now, not luckily with the updates to Rentalizer, we can do that pretty effectively or efficiently. Um, and the other thing though where this is one of these problems that is forever going to be difficult to solve. Maybe AI will solve it. But the problem is that every single home has its nuances. Every single home is so different from one another, right? if it's an A-frame or not an A-frame, if it has a view, if it doesn't have a view, if it has what kind of waterfront are we working with, these types of things are so difficult for an algorithm to be able to to understand the nuances of. And so really, your only inputs are, I have a two-bedroom, it's in this location, what other twobs are in this location, and it's going to just tell you what those properties are, and that's pretty well it. And it's going to say, hey, here are all the other two bedrooms in this area that we think are uh comparable. They only think that they're comparable because of the bedroom count and the location, but not how well are you going to design it, how well you going to take photos, what kind of unique features you have. And so that's where this customization of the comps is such a big deal for the rentalizer tool. >> Yeah. So, let's hop in. Uh we're we're now at the point where people are in the comments, they're going to be like, >> "Video starts at minute 8." Um so, hey guys, spoiler alert, the video starts now. Uh, and unfortunately you had to watch all of it to get here. Two things. Okay, we're going to jump into the rentalizer tool. One thing that's important to know is that the rentalizer tool, the one that I don't like is still what you get on the free AirDNA account. Okay? So, there is no customization at the moment. If you sign up for an AirDNA account and it's free, it's only going to let you put in your address and it's going to give you that random kind of estimate that that doesn't really hold much merit. In order to get the rentalizer tool that we are talking about, you have to have one of the paid subscriptions. I think there's like the pro subscription, the host bundle uh subscription, well worth it. Um very very nominal amount if you're about to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars on a property, which most of you are, or even if you're going to drop 20, 30, 40, 50k on an arbitrage unit. If you want some money off, if you want to save some money, I'll leave my link in the description down below. It should get you 10% off of any AirDNA package. Okay. So, with that, let's hop in. >> Well, let me just stress for a second. If you're going to get into the Airbnb space, get an AirDNA account. It's not a it's not an option to not have one. You need to understand the data. If you don't understand the data, you're going to buy a bad property. And even if you're investing $5,000 into a one-bedroom, you're going to your likelihood of losing that $5,000 is going to go through the roof if you don't understand the data. So, it it's a absolute need in this industry if you're going to use it. Just like if you're going to dig holes, you need a shovel. Okay? So, pretty straightforward. Um, I just want to stress that fact because I still there's so many people who are like on the fence about it. It's it's just get it. Okay. >> Yeah. They're just they're like, "I don't want to spend $30 a month." And I'm like, "Do you want to lose 3,000 a month?" Cuz right, >> one of those is way better than the other. >> So you you obviously have to start with a property, right? So you have to have a property that's in mind that you're curious about. And so we're going to grab that address and we're going to copy it and then we're going to go over to AirDNA, right? You can be on the homepage, wherever it is. You're going to see a bar that says address in there. And so you want to pop in the address and it's going to find the address and it'll say right here revenue calculator rentalalizer. And so you just click that and the rentalizer is going to kick off and it's going to project what it believes your revenue is going to be for this property. Okay. Um so now what I'm going to do is I'm just going to walk through all the different components of the rentalizer and then we'll actually run through how to actually use it. Right. So, the very first thing that I want you to check for is actually the bedroom and bath count because this, for whatever reason, always doesn't seem to be as accurate as I want it to be. Um, and this property that we're looking at is a two-bedroom, one bath. So, this one is good. So, it's a two-bedroom, one bath. But, I'm actually, you know what, four guests is fine. So, we're going to leave that as is. That's going to automatically populate every single time. Um, there are things where you can actually go and take a look at the subm market where you can play around with the regular uh AirDNA section. Um, but we're not going to do that right now. Okay. the on the right hand side like I showed you, we do have the projected revenue. We also have the occupancy and ADR and then there's going to be a confidence score here which I can get into in a little bit. Um, if you scroll down a little bit, you're going to get a map version of where your comps are. So, these are the different comps that they have pulled for your property and you can actually look at them in a list view. Okay. Um, but don't worry too much about this. We're going to head over to the custom comps and that's where the bulk of this is going to happen. Um, they do have a financial calculator here, which is essentially an underwriting sheet. There's, from my understanding, this is still being worked on. It's still being approved. If you play around with it, there's still some tweaks that definitely need to happen to make it more robust. Uh, but right now, it's it somewhat gets the job done. >> I don't really I don't really use this. Um, I have my own kind of spreadsheet for penciling out deals. If you guys want that, that should that's going to be linked. I was going to say it should be linked, but I know for sure it's linked in the description down below. It'll kind of show you like every single expense to think of, but you can adjust these and make the assumptions and be fairly close. But I like to have my Google sheet. I don't know. It's just it's got way more options. Couldn't agree more on that one. Google sheet is is where I'm at. It's for how this is built out right now. I still use my Google sheet. Um, all right. The next thing here is it's going to project uh the monthly revenue for the next year. This is helpful because it allows you to understand what you can expect from a cash flow perspective, which is very, very important in the Airbnb space. So, I do like that. Um, but this one down here is super interesting to me. So, this actually shows you what they believe this property um, sorry, what this property would have been projected to do on a month-by-month basis over a two-year period. So, back >> based on the comps, based on what other comps were making over the last two years, basically, right? >> Exactly. Right. So, if you had plugged this in in August of 2023, the estimated revenue would have been 51,000. But if you actually plugged it in in November of 2024, it would have been 64,000. I find this really interesting because it it just shows how the revenue does change with Airbnb. Uh it's obviously not a gigantic change from one to the other. Uh but it is a helpful thing to know how that market is doing over the past two years. Okay. Um the comparable amenities, I don't find this useful whatsoever. Uh, everybody has air conditioning, everybody has a kitchen, everybody has parking. It it honestly has never been a practical thing uh from my standpoint. So, that's kind of the basis right here, but let's get into the bulk of this because the custom comps is really where we want to be and this is where we're going to live. >> Can can I also just say this is sort of the magic. This whole thing is did not really the dashboard John just showed did not exist with the rentalizer and certainly this did not exist and this is why it changes it from an inaccurate tool to fairly accurate. So sorry I didn't mean to interrupt but like this is you know this is good stuff. I really like it. >> Yeah what they what they did >> stress how important this is. This this for the Airbnb industry is gigantic. Okay. Like anybody out here this is gigantic. Now, you just said it allows you to get uh a fairly accurate revenue confidence. However, that's only if you know how to actually forecast revenue. So, you can pull in whatever comps you want and make that number say whatever you want. I can make this number right here say 500,000 if I want to, right? But the idea is that you got to buy find the right comps, the right area, and put together. But we'll get into that in just a moment. Let's go through what what did we just step into here. Okay. On the left hand side, we have my comps. These are the comps that AirDNA has determined are the most comparable to yours. There's nine of them and you can kind of scroll through them right here. Okay. You if you don't think it's comparable, you can go and delete it. Um, and you can also click onto it. It's going to pop open the property page and you can click on the Airbnb link and actually go to that Airbnb link to see if it's actually truly going to be comparable or not. Right? Um, and if you think it isn't, then you can simply just come back here and go delete and get rid of it. So, pretty straightforward, right? As soon as I hit that, you can see this button just popped up over here, which is update report. Because I made a change, I can now save this report with the updates before heading back. That's an important thing. You don't want to miss it. >> Did you just delete that specific comp? >> Correct. I did. Yep. >> Okay. >> Yep. And that's why that popped up there. Okay. So, that's that's the comps here and kind of how this works. Now, if I scroll down, you can see it says available comps. So, these are other comps in the areas that they um are just showing you essentially. Like, these could be comps, but they didn't think that they were actual comps. You can actually see that there's five bedrooms that they're showing here, but my property is a two-bedroom, right? So, that's why they haven't chosen those to be comps. Um, which is which is good. Uh, but we're going to take a little bit step further. Okay, this down here, the available comps area, is where we're actually going to get a lot of the the the good information that we want. Okay. Now, what I love more than anything is actually these two sections right here. So, our filters and this map. This is gold. So, filters on AirDNA are huge because now we can get rid of a lot of the noise. So, a lot of the information that is not useful or in other words, bad data or just not comparable to our properties. We can remove all of this stuff. So, the first thing I want you to start with always is going to the performance section and scrolling down to where it says days available and removing anybody that hasn't been available for more than 271 days. This is how we're going to get those people who are full-time hosts. Okay? Uh or sorry, have been around for almost a full year. And then the next thing we're going to do here is get rid of the anyone who has less than 20 reviews. This is one of the quickest ways to remove anybody who's a part-time host because if you rent for a full year, you you get more than 20 reviews. So, if we click apply on both of those, it's going to remove a lot of that bad data. Okay. The next thing we want to do is just hone in on the similar property size that we're going to be working with. So, for this scenario, I don't care about five bedrooms and six bedrooms. I want to see studios all the way up to two bedrooms, right? But I also don't want to see um anything that's a private room or a shared room. So, I'm just going to look at entire places. And lastly, I don't want to see apartments for sure. Uh so, I want to just see houses or unique places. And when I click apply, we have now just removed so much noise on on AirDNA. And now we're honed in on just the comps that matter. And the last part here that I absolutely love is that on this map feature, you can drag this around and it'll just start to pop open all the comps that are in that area. So you can see here on the left, >> it refreshes the the the comp view based on where you are in the map. >> Exactly. And it it re it shows you on the available comp section. If you pay attention over here, you can watch how those that changes as I move. The reason this is so cool is because on AirDNA, they have it chunked up into all the actual different uh map areas, right? And it's always like you're only looking at one area at a time, whereas here, I can just drag it around and move all over the place, and I'm just going to keep seeing all those comps one after another. Very cool feature. >> Yeah. So, one thing I'm going to say, um, you you mentioned you want to look at everything from studio to twobedroom. I know a lot of people are like, "Well, why would you look at a studio if we're analyzing a two-bedroom?" The assumption is that if a studio is crushing it and making a lot of money, you should theoretically be able to do that in if you're a very competitive two-bedroom. So, like, let's say you have one really awesome one-bedroom that's making 80,000, but the other two bedrooms are making, let's say, 70,000. It's possible to make up to 80,000. And so, if a one-bedroom can do it, then you could possibly do it with a two-bedroom. Is that the correct assumption on why we look at everything? >> That is that is why I chose the studio to two-bedroom. What you're getting into now is the logic behind what makes a good comp. Right? So that where now we're going to get into the nuances of like, okay, well, how do I actually I understand how the functionalities work, but how do I actually know what's a comparable property? Right? And um you know the if we want we can jump right into that because that's really the next section we're going into. Um, do you want to speak to and maybe we're not there yet, but the confidence score and what high low media means? We can if if you have that planned later that's okay. >> No, it'll take two seconds. So, the the the confidence score from what I've been able to see is solely based on the fact that you have five comps. Right now, we have eight. And those five comps are within a semi close range of each other. So, if I had one property in here that that was making 20,000 and another one that was making 300,000, I would have a low confidence score, right? If I had four, so let me just remove some of these comps here. Let's get down to four. This changes to low, right? When you hit four. Okay. So, if I then add in a comp, let's see this. Now, it's changed to medium because I have a 97,000 and a 23,000. So, if I remove the 23 and the 20 and we add in a 90 and and an 89, this is now going to go back up to high. This is this is like AirDNA's way of trying to say um you want more than five comps and you want the revenue to be fairly close. And that's when you're you you uh should feel better about the property. You don't want to have a a $300,000 home and a $500,000 revenue home both mixed in and say, "These are both comparable properties to my property." That's just not accurate. Yeah. So, it's kind of its way of saying, "Hey, the more there's more data here. We're feeling good about this because all the data is kind of within the same ballpark." >> Yeah. I was going to say, you don't want to have just three comps. That's not enough information, right? Um, and you don't want those comps to be making all different kinds of revenue. And so, you you you truly do want five plus. And you also want them to be making a similar amount. And that's what makes you feel confident. You just want to make sure they're also comparable to your property. That's why they're called comps. Last thing I'll say and then we can move on. I know we're we're kind of running short on time here, but the projected revenue, this might feel fairly obvious, but that is never going to be higher than the comps that you have actually chosen in your comp set. Um, and it's usually going to be lower than the highest comp in your comp set. >> Yes. And that's just because it's pulling an average. So here, one thing that I've actually spoken about recently quite a bit is that you never want to use one number when you're trying to figure out how much a property is going to make. You actually want to use a range. So, I personally would completely ignore this number. And let's say this was my true the true numbers that I brought in here. Well, now I feel like my property can make somewhere between 70,000 and 100,000. That's a range, right? And then you have your low, your mid, and your high. And this is just a the the average of all of that. So, in other words, ignore that number, but understand your range. And if you're happy with the low, the high is just gravy, cherry on top. So, why don't we go ahead and run that property that we're comping? Why don't we kind of take it through the whole process and just kind of show people how we actually put pencil to paper here? >> Okay. So, I'll walk you through my quick process. Of course, this is not going to be enough time to go through how to actually do this at a really, really deep level, but I do want to give everybody something. You know what I mean? Um, so the very first thing you want to do is obviously know your property inside and out. Know the know the good, the bad about the property. This property here, it's secluded. It has a bit of land. Um, it's got really, really rustic wood in here, which is a big deal in upstate New York. Uh, you've got, you know, nice high ceilings. It's a really unique place that works really, really well for this specific market, right? And so, I would know all of these things um before I have to know all these things before I actually go looking for comps, but I also have to know what it's going to look like at the end of the day once it's on Airbnb. And so, this is an example of a property in the same area that I would want my property to look like, right? I want want to have a similar style, a similar photos, similar amenities. And so this gives you an idea of of what I expect the property to look like when it's on Airbnb. And when I understand what it's going to look like, that allows me to know what the comps should be. Okay. And so once I know that and I'm and I'm here and I've added all my filters in, what I have to start doing is using this map to move around to find the properties that would be comparable and and and look similar to what we're seeing here. Okay. So let's say that I just moved around. I did play around with this a little bit before getting started. So I'm going to cheat a little bit. But let's go look in this general area. Okay. And I'm now looking at my available comps. And let's say that I I take a look at this one here. And I open it up. And I open it up onto Airbnb. And I realize that this property here is actually really really comparable to the property that I want to put together. The same feeling, the same style, the same amenities. Um, and I I think that it's a fairly comparable property to what I am planning on doing. Now, this property obviously has a view, but everything else matches up pretty well. And so what I would do is I would close this down and I would add this property to my comp set. So I'd click that button and now I've added it to my comp set and and and I believe this to be a comparable property. However, it has a view and so I actually think it's better than my property because I don't have a view. Therefore, this is what I'm going to refer to as a top comp. So I think it's close, but it's actually always going to be better than mine because it has something that I can't compete with, which is the view. So I won't >> Okay, that's what I was going to say. It's a comp that you'll never beat, but it is kind of like the >> the ideal or like the best Airbnb. It's like the top dog. >> Exactly. And now that property is doing $140,000 a year. And I go, "Okay, I'm not going to make $140, but I'm not going to be crazy far off." And now what I would try and do is try and find more properties that'd be similar to that. But where I'm going to get the most confidence in how much I believe this property is truly going to make is when I start looking at what I refer to as base comps. So, properties that are um worse than mine, they are they are not as cool, they're not going to have the same amenities, the photos are not going to be as strong, it's not going to be as secluded. All of those things I know are going to be ways that my property will outperform theirs. And so, I'm just going to grab a random property here. Okay, randomly selected this and pop it open and take a look at this property and try to determine, is this a worse property than mine? And very quickly, what I can see is that we have drywall on the inside, which is not very exciting. The photo is not done very well. Uh, but I can see that it's on a farm, which is a super cool feature, and it does have a sauna, >> and it looks like it has a pool and a view. So, all of these things I now have to consider with this property and go, hm, this is actually got a ton of stuff, even though it doesn't have the the cool feature of this wood that we're seeing here. And so, now I have to think, is this comparable or not? And what I would want to do is I would want to keep this. So I'd want to add this one to my comps set, which I just did. I click that button. Now it's a part of my comp set. And then I would repeat this process over and over. So that I just checked a that property was doing 79,000. Now what I'm going to do is scroll down to a property doing 70,000 and go, okay, do I think that this property doing 70,000 is as good as my property? And I'll take a look. And again, really well put together property, really nice designed. It's also super sec in secluded. If anything, this is a really good comp to my property, right? Very good prop comp. >> Cutie for sure. >> I go, okay. But the thing is is it's very similar and it's not a base comp. It's a comp that is just comparable. It's actually what I refer to as like that mid that mid comp that you know u but I want to find a base comp. So, I'm going to go down another 10,000 and see if I can find another property and see if that one's worse because if once I find my base, then I know I can make more than that. And that's where again all of my confidence is going to come from. So let's say I open this one up and I go, "Okay, here's a property where we have three photos of the outside. We've got drywall on the inside. It's really not that interesting or intriguing. I think I can beat that one. And that one is doing 58,000." I go, "Okay, cool. 58,000 is now my base." And I might do that over and over again. Maybe grab like two, three, four base comps. And now I'm going to feel really confident. We've essentially got to the point now where we have our top comps where, you know, I'm not going to do 140, but I'm also not going to do 67, right? And so now I feel a lot more confident with with where I'm going to fall. So I'm going to fall somewhere between 70,000 and let's call it 100,000, right? I know that's what it originally showed as a projection. Obviously, I didn't go through all of the comps to truly figure out where I'm going to fall, >> but that's the general process that we want to go through to get to that point. Again, I'm >> the idea is like we're we're creating a spectrum basically of comps and our our process is to basically figure out where in that spectrum we're going to land. We're not going to be the worst. We're not going to be the best, but we're obviously trying to inch our way as close to the top as we can. Um we want to figure out if if we can kind of stay competitive with some of those topend comps. >> Exactly. You want to create a range of where you think your property is going to fall and it and the base comps give you all the confidence because you know you can outperform those properties and so it's like I know I can do better than 70,000 and so then therefore I will make more than that or or whatever the number is based off of the area you're looking at. Again, this wasn't a thorough analysis. Yeah. Yeah. This is basically again what I was saying like you're going to do a very quick an everybody does a back of the napkin analysis first to just see if the deal is worth their time. We want to see where do you land? Is this you know is this range even worth you comping out further? Because if at 80,000 or wherever we find in this rentalizer is going to cause you to lose money on the property or you're so far from being profitable or making a decent return, then we kind of know we can move forward but or move on. But if this is pretty good and it actually pencils out at this point, we would implement far more analysis and penciling and really trying to figure out exactly where in this spectrum we're going to fall. >> Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. And the and the rentalizer tool now allows you to be able to do that fairly quickly depending on the market, depending where you're looking. Right. And in a market like upstate New York, the other the reason I chose this as an example is because there's properties that are can be, you know, hours away from each other, but still very comparable because people are just looking to escape New York. And so they'll just go north to wherever the property is. And that's why I love using this tool for these types of markets because you can truly move around very easily to find these different comps all over the place. >> Yeah. And final thing I'll say on the rentalizer that I like is you can save this comp set and you can basically for every property that you're looking to analyze and run the rentalizer on, you can you can save these buckets of comps so that you don't have to go and repeat this process all over again. >> Yep. They give you uh in the rentalizer dashboard, so like the actual dashboard, you can see all the properties that you've gone through in the past, right? And you can actually click into them and and keep working on them. >> Final couple of things before we wrap today's video. First of all, thank you, John. Um, second of all, uh, the rentalizer or AirDNA is a powerful tool. There are lots of people on the internet and on YouTube that poo poo AirDNA and I would I would say that generally speaking, those people don't know how to use it. And that's why that's why so much >> can I confidently say that if you if you think AirDNA is not a useful tool, you genuinely have no idea how to use it. I I I will I have >> I agree. >> I have helped identify 250 plus properties. They're all profitable. all of us use their DNA data. >> Perfect. That's exactly how I feel, too. Uh, thirdly, if you want to save money, this is I'm going to say it in a specific order. If you'd like to save money on AirDNA, if you get the annual, it's $34 a month for the pro. And then if you get the host version, it's $50 a month if you buy the annual. That gives you access to like a property management system bundled in and everything. You'll save 10% with my link down below. Well everybody, that's the that's the quick rundown on the new rentalizer. I hope it's helpful. Drop your comments down below. Um John is going to answer every single one of them. Just kidding. If you want to learn more about the comping process and you want to learn how to actually use like the whole AirDNA platform, then you're going to want to watch this video right here where I actually dive into comps and how to sort them and how to use them to actually pencil out if your deal is going to make money or not. So head on over there.
