---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: ABNB
title: "Is Airbnb Stock a No-Brainer Buy?"
channel: "Asymmetric Investing by Travis Hoium"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: shVhjFJ9-fk
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shVhjFJ9-fk
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Is Airbnb Stock a No-Brainer Buy?

**Channel**: Asymmetric Investing by Travis Hoium  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shVhjFJ9-fk

## Transcript

One of the companies that I think is being very overlooked by the market right now is Airbnb. The stock is down 25% over the past year. But this is a company that is generating positive free cash flow. They're buying back stock and investors are just getting a much better valuation today than they were a year ago. And remember, this is a company that's still growing. Growing right around double digits. Maybe not the high growth company in the 20 30% growth rate that investors may want from certain tech companies, but this is a solid business with a two-sided market that I think is going to be very very difficult to disrupt. So, I want to dig through exactly why I still like this company. And as the stock drops, I think it gets more attractive for investors. My name's Travis Hoyam. Thanks for watching Asymmetric Investing. Please subscribe here on YouTube for all my content. And thanks to this video sponsor, The Mly Fool. If you go to full.comym, they'll give you their top 10 stocks to buy right now. Let's just look at some of these charts of what is going on with Airbnb stock because you can see right here that the stock is down 25% over the past year. But some of the context I think we need to put that stock move with is what the valuation of the company looks like. You can see the price to sales multiple. This is going to be a little bit higher than you're get going to get from some companies, but pretty reasonable for a tech company that's growing in the double digit range. Airbnb's price to sales multiple is about 2 6.3 right now. The price to free cash flow, I think this is probably the most important metric for Airbnb just 15.3 and the price earnings multiple is about 28 right now. So from a valuation perspective, I think there's a lot to like about Airbnb, especially when you look at their operations. Let's just go through some of the fourth quarter numbers cuz again in the fourth quarter they grew 12% and for all of 2024 grew 12% as well. The free cash flow margin, just look at this free cash flow margin for the full year 40%. I'm going to get to some of their interesting nuances with their cash. They actually have a huge advantage because of the way that their business runs because they have what's called a negative cash conversion cycle, but I'll cover that in just a second. This is also not a business that's slowing down. This may change a little bit. this quarter. I think this is why shares are pulling back recently is that this gross booking volume may not be as good after the first quarter with some of the tariffs that are going on. People maybe don't want to travel to the US. But this is also remember a global company. So what's going on in the US may mean that people are taking different vacations in different parts of the world, but they may still be using an Airbnb. I do also want to highlight that the company is investing in some new products that are expected to start coming out this year, but at the same time they're repurchasing a ton of stock. They purchased $838 million worth of stock in the fourth quarter alone and for the full year $3.4 billion worth of repurchases. The share count was down to 658 million at the end of the fourth quarter. On top of that, there was an authorization to buy another $3.3 billion worth of stock. Now, Airbnb isn't quite at the valuation where you say that's a no-brainer buyback or you're buying back 15 20% of shares outstanding per year, but with a market cap of about $70 billion. That's still a pretty sizable buyback. Now, in the first quarter, they do expect to have 4 to 6% growth, 7 to 9% excluding the impact of foreign currency. We'll see how that foreign currency number changes because the dollar really moved a lot in the first quarter and that those moves have continued into the second quarter. that could actually make international sales look higher than they were. So, that could be actually a tailwind for the company. And they're also expecting more free cash flow generation despite the fact that they're going to invest $200 to $250 million in launching and scaling new businesses. This is where I think Airbnb potentially becomes an asymmetric stock. You get it at a pretty good valuation. Management has enough cash to buy back shares. They have that two-sided market and they're looking to expand that in 2025. Now, management has hasn't given details about what those new products are, but they've said that they want people interacting on Airbnb more and more instead of using it maybe a couple of times a year. Maybe you use it a couple of times a month or even a couple times a week. So, what does that mean? Think about things like restaurants, local experiences, places where you're going to be interacting with Airbnb on the kind of activities that you would do on a trip, but maybe closer to where you live. They've also talked about being a travel concierge. So, can they incorporate more products into what they're doing? Maybe you're now booking your air travel or transportation on Airbnb. Those are line extensions that would make a lot of sense. And management has said that they want to add one or two businesses that are going to be a billion dollars in revenue per year each year. So, they're looking to expand the business in a pretty significant way. Thanks to our friends at the MLY Fool for sponsoring this video. Visit fool.com/asym for the top 10 stocks to buy right now. You add all these things together and I think Airbnb is very well positioned. And let's talk about the other thing that I think is underappreciated about Airbnb's business and the potential growth in some of these new segments. Airbnb gets to keep the cash that you put down as a deposit on a stay until that stay is completed. So, let's say that you're booking a trip for the holiday season and you're booking that right now. Between April and December, Airbnb is going to keep the cash for your trip on their balance sheet and they're going to generate interest from that cash. So, let's just look at this on the balance sheet. The far right is the December 31st, 2024 numbers. Cash and equivalents, $6.9 billion. Short-term investments, $3.7 billion. But this is the big one. Funds held on behalf of customers, $5.9 billion. That is not Airbnb's cash because you have this liability here. That's the exact same number, $5.9 billion. But what it does help is with interest income. In 2024, Airbnb generated $818 million worth of interest income. That is just interest on the cash that's sitting on the balance sheet. So the more cash there is, whether that's Airbnb's cash in these first two segments or the cash that's being held on behalf of customers, Airbnb is going to make money on on that cash sitting on the balance sheet. So you can see even with that about $10 billion that you have that is actually Airbnb's cash, that's about 17th of the company's market cap. So you get a great valuation, you get a growth business, you get a business that has a negative cash conversion cycle and has tailwinds from things like rising interest rates. If interest rates rise, Airbnb is going to make more money on the cash that's sitting on its balance sheet. If interest rates fall, maybe that means that people travel more. So I think that's where Airbnb is kind of a hedge on anything that happens with the economy right now. There may be some slowing down. It's going to be interesting to see what they say for guidance for the second quarter and potentially for the rest of 2025, but I don't think we're at the point where travel is stopping overall and where demand for Airbnb is going to be in a huge question and they are going to be continuing to generate cash flow worst case scenario for investors is they're just going to buy back that stock at a much lower price. But I think we need to trust in a founder like Brian Chesy to really lead the company through this kind of to really lead the company through any sort of turmoil that we have in 2025 and come out stronger. I think that this is a company that can do that and the price the discount that we're getting as investors today just makes this more and more attractive. So let me know what you think about Airbnb today. Leave those comments in the comments section below. Don't forget to subscribe to Asymmetric Investing. Thanks for watching everybody. See you next time.
