---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: ABNB
title: "AirBNB Stock Analysis, Should I Buy ABNB Stock"
channel: "Learn to Invest - Investors Grow"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: Hv81yogeU0M
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hv81yogeU0M
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# AirBNB Stock Analysis, Should I Buy ABNB Stock

**Channel**: Learn to Invest - Investors Grow  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hv81yogeU0M

## Transcript

Hi, I'm Jimmy. In this video, we're looking at Airbnb, ticker symbol ABNB. So, in this video, we're going to look quickly at what Airbnb does. We're going to compare it to a few competitors like Expedia and Booking. Then, we're going to look at some of the numbers and try to come up with a fair value for Airbnb stock to see if it's worth investing in today. So, what does Airbnb do? Well, at its simplest level, what it is, it's an app or a website that connects people who have homes to rent out with people who want to rent out homes or it could be apartments or rooms or things like that. Basically, anybody who has a space that they want to rent out, well, this is the way of connecting them with people who want to rent it. Very similar to what a company like Uber does where they don't actually own any taxis, but they connect drivers with passengers. Here they connect hosts with guests. It's really that simple. Now, in the past couple years, they have expanded a bit beyond the rental of homes and they've gone into experiences. So, let's imagine you're renting out a house and when you're there, maybe you want, you know, a massage. Well, you can rent them. You could essentially hire a masseuse through the Airbnb app. And for Airbnb, well, this is beneficial because you get a cut of all of the bookings that happen on the website. That's an important piece of what the company does. Basically, the way that they generate revenue is if a person has a house that they're going to rent out, well, that's the gross booking. What is the value of that, let's say, property being rented out for the week? Well, Airbnb will take a small piece of that as their cut. they will count that as revenue. If they do experiences, well, they will take a small cut, they will count that as revenue. And just recently, they've expanded into hotels. Now, right now, that's in the very early phases of a roll out. We're going to get back into that in a minute, but essentially in major cities like a New York City or something, they've begun to, let's say, test out whether or not people will rent out hotels on the Airbnb website. Okay. Now, the real question is why expand into hotels? We're talking regular hotels, things like Hilton or Holiday and things like that, regular hotel rooms. Well, one interesting thing to consider is when we look at this chart here, this is a chart of what they call alternative rental space. Alternative rental spaces, uh, short-term rentals, things like an Airbnb, local houses, small boutique hotels, things like that versus regular hotel rooms. Well, clearly there's a lot more regular hotel rooms than there are small short-term rental properties. So Airbnb trying to expand there is, let's say, necessary if they want to maintain growth. In the past few years, the short-term rental space, although it's still growing, the growth rate has decelerated a little bit. It's slowed down. So, they're looking to increase growth by now offering hotels. The issue is when we look at the hotel market, well, and by the way, it's estimated it's a $580 or so billion dollar market on an annual basis of hotel rooms being rented out around the globe. Well, here we can see with this kind of subcategory that Expedia and booking are the primary players in this market. Now, before we jump into the numbers and look at whether or not this is actually a smart move, the real question that I had as I was doing the research was, can it really be done? Can it effectively be done for a company to enter a brand new space, something like uh hotel rooms, which is not really what Airbnb does. In fact, if you think about Airbnb, you probably don't think about hotel rooms. Well, how easy is it for a company to slip into that space? Well, interestingly, there's actually been some examples with some of their competitors. So, if we were to go back to a example between Booking and Airbnb, well, as we can see here in this chart, at one point, Booking did not offer airlines. They didn't offer like plane tickets on their website. By the way, Booking is, it's not just Booking.com. They own quite a few. They own uh Kayak. They own an open table for like restaurants and stuff like that. So there's a whole bunch of brands. There's a whole slew of brands in there. We'll come back to the booking at the end of this whole thing. But interestingly, a couple years ago, booking was not in the air the uh plane ticket market. They entered and as you can see here, compared to Expedia, who was by far the dominant player at the time, Booking has done an amazing job of infiltrating that market. They have gradually increased market share. as far as the number of tickets being sold by volume on a quarterly basis. So clearly it can be done that a company a online travel agency like Booking or Expedia or even Airbnb to a degree that they can enter a new space. So it is possible that a company like Airbnb enters this space successful. Now before we look at whether or not we think it will actually be successful, let's jump in and look at some of the individual numbers for Airbnb. So now jumping over to the investors grow website. First we'll jump in and look at revenue. And we can see that of course revenue pulled back in 2020. Logical reasons. But since then it has grown a decent amount. But what makes this real interesting to me from a growth is first you might notice that the growth has in fact decreased. There's been a deceleration, a slowing of growth over the past few years. But what's interesting is that when we compare that to a company like Booking, well, on the Investors Grow website, if you go over here, you hit this plus and you'll see the search bar becomes blue. Basically, we're saying we want to compare this company to another company. We plug in uh bookings ticker symbol and just like that. Well, now when we jump down and click at revenue chart, we can see the two charts side by side. Well, again, in 2020, you saw a meaningful pullback in both companies revenue, which again is logical. We're not going to punish them for that. But since then, booking has grown more. In fact, if you look at the past couple of years, booking has grown faster than Airbnb, which partially explains at least why Airbnb is now pushing into the hotel market. Now, we might also notice here that on this chart, bookings chart when we once we add a booking, booking goes out further because Airbnb has only been around for a relatively short period of time compared to a company like Booking or even a company like Expedia. Now, this is important because we when we jump over and look at a chart of profit for we're just going to focus on Airbnb for a second. When we jump in and look at a chart for profit for Airbnb, well, we can see here that they weren't profitable for a while, but in recent years, they have gone profitable. Now, before we go much further, let's jump over and look at the take rate for their rental for the rental portion of the business as best as we can estimate. So, when I was doing the research, the take rates were a little bit tricky. First, Airbnb, theirs was fairly simple. It's kind of straightforward. They give you a lot of the numbers. So we have their uh their take rate at about 13%. So let's say they were to generate a billion dollars in bookings. Well, what percentage of that in this case little middle of a 13% would go to their revenue line? Well, Expedia, their numbers a little bit smaller. Booking on the other hand has the highest take rate again based on what we could estimate. They gave a lot of numbers uh as far as ranges and stuff. I took the weighted average from what I could find. I actually think the booking number came from the previous year, but still the idea is general guideline. They're all near each other with take rate, but booking, interestingly, has the best take rate. Okay, now let's jump over and look at how they're doing generating cash. So, first, when we jump over and look at operating cash flow, operating cash flow has grown a decent amount. Again, coming off the lows of 2020, it's done a decent job. and then jumping in and looking at free cash flow. Well, free cash flow shows a very similar story. Now, this kind of makes sense and Airbnb is in a interesting position from a market perspective and I just want to go over this one point that I noticed when doing my research before we jump in and look at the fair value. So, the interesting part here is that Airbnb has a fairly recognizable brand, much like a company like Google. Well, Airbnb is kind of become a verb. You're going to rent an Airbnb is a common saying, and a lot of times if you're looking for a short-term rental property, you're going to go traveling. Well, you might go directly to the Airbnb website. On one hand, that's good because where companies like Expedia and Booking oftentimes have to advertise to get visitors to their website. So, if you search for a hotel room, well, uh, Booking and Expedia are likely to be near the top from an advertising standpoint. They have to pay to get there. They have to pay for that traffic. Whereas Airbnb is going gets a decent amount of natural traffic that they don't have to pay for. So, with that in mind, I do think it makes sense for them to test out something like going into hotels or offering hotels on their website because in theory, if you don't have to pay for your customers for potential customers come to the website, well, it's a low cost to introduce a new product, something like experiences or in this case, hotels. The issue that I have with it is that if I was going to a city like New York and I pull up a search uh for New York, this is an actual search I did the other day and I pull up a search on the Airbnb website. Well, we can see here that there's some rooms, an apartment, some hotels. Although they don't say the name in the description, it is fairly obvious thanks to a picture what the hotel is. But if I decided for me on a personal basis, hey, I'm going to stay at a hotel. Frankly, I'd probably go to Google and search for it or I'd go to Expedia. I have the Expedia app or, you know, booking or Kayak. Kayak is one of booking sites. There's a lot of places to go to because I don't know how is this price versus the other price. If I'm looking at a hotel, to me it becomes far more about, okay, if I want this specific hotel, well, what's the best price I can get out there? To me, that makes that's to me looks like an uphill battle for a company like Airbnb, unless they're willing to take a hit on those fees. If they are willing to take a hit on those fees, well, as we saw before, profit margins are likely to come down a bit. I personally think that this is going to be a bigger uphill battle than perhaps others might think. Now, I do think it's possible that they do it and they're likely to take at least some of the market. Just looking at this, it's possible I just click on it, rent the rent the hotel room, move on it, fine, they get a rental where perhaps they wouldn't have gotten it before. But I believe that Airbnb's brand has been the unique properties that you're not going to get on any other website. And I think that's been their bread and butter. I think that if they want to go into the hotel market, they're far better off making an acquisition or two of different sites for the hotel market and try to build that up separately. But again, they're going to have to pay for the traffic to that site. So, I can see how this could get fairly complicated. Now, with all of that in mind, is Airbnb even at a good price today? Well, when we jump over and look at the discounted free cash flow, first we get to the summary page, and then we can see right away it looks like it could be undervalued some by judging by some of these valuation metrics. When we click on the DCF one, well, here it looks like there's a decent amount of upside, give or take. There's right around 30% upside from the current price for Airbnb stock using just analyst estimates going out the next few years. So, it is very possible that this is a good price. Now, I would also want to point out that when we jump over to the profile section here, look at a chart of Airbnb stock. Over the past year, the stock hasn't done all that much. It's been kind of flat, kind of unexiting if you want to put it that way. A little bit of movement along the way, but at the end of the day, we're pretty much where we are about a year ago. And I think that one of the concerns there is that there's far more uncertainty around this company than there was a couple of years ago coming out of COVID and all the excitement around Airbnb. But now that they're becoming more like a regular, let's say like a booking or an Expedia, let's say more like a regular uh online travel agency, well, I I think that the profit margins likely to go down, the excitement about it, even the PE multiple that it would trade at has the potential to pull back a little. Now, for me, I think that although this company looks undervalued, if I already owned it, if I've owned it, let's say I've owned it for a few years, this is probably a good long-term buy and hold. they're likely to continue to do fairly well. They are one of the bigger players in the game and they're likely to do okay, but after my research, frankly, I'm far more interested in a company like Booking. So, with that being said, my next research project, I'm actually going to jump in and look at Booking and see how that company stacks up compared to this company when I do a deep dive. So, the next video after this one is going to be about Booking. Now, if you want to sign up to get access to the Investors Grow website, where we try to make it quick and easy to analyze companies, help you make good, smart investment decisions, leave a link right here, link in the description below. And thank you so much for sticking with me all the way to the end of the video. I really do appreciate it. Thank you and I'll see you in the next
