---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: ABNB
title: "Demand is improving, profitability is improving: Equity analyst on Airbnb Q3 performance"
channel: "BNN Bloomberg"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: Fv7lexkFTj4
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fv7lexkFTj4
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Demand is improving, profitability is improving: Equity analyst on Airbnb Q3 performance

**Channel**: BNN Bloomberg  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fv7lexkFTj4

## Transcript

Shares in Airbnb higher in the pre-market. The company posted stronger revenue than expected. It introduced new features during the quarter, including improved maps, updated cancellation policies, and this seems to be really working out. Reserve now, pay later. Let's get more from Dan Wasle, senior equity analyst at Morning Star. Dan, thanks very much for joining us. um what jumped out for you in the quarter? >> Yeah, thanks for having me. So, I mean you alluded to some of it, but what jumped out is that demand is improving, profitability is improving, and they're executing on expanding into two market uh new markets, which is expanding their total total addressable market, we think three-fold over the next several years. So, um there was a lot to like in the quarter. >> It's fascinating. I mean, we hear all the consumers under pressure, but uh people still traveling. And actually, sorry, could you give me a I'm not sure if you had this to hand. How much of their business would be tied to the USA? Is it is it a huge portion of their revenue? >> Yeah, it's a significant portion. So, uh, North America, they don't break out the US, but in North America revenue is about half of their total business. They're in 220 countries. But to your point, that reserve uh now pay later feature, they did note that North America, which is their most mature um region, that volumes or nights booked were up 5% year-over-year. Now, that's significant because um when you look at the hotel operators in the US, for example, they're seeing flat to slightly negative uh volume growth recently. So, this is a within travel um a name that is, you know, outperforming the US despite, you know, some economic uncertainty. >> Yeah, it's interesting. I noticed Six Flags and other leisure travel stock warning of weaker than expected growth. Their initiatives like price cuts not uh not uh paying out. Um Bloomberg intelligence suggests that the firm could see more cancellations with this reserve now pay later. Um I guess it depends on the small print of this stuff, but uh do you think that could be a risk? >> Yeah, it was talked a little bit about on the conference call. I mean they've tested this before they launched it officially in the US in August and you know based on their tests and uh their beta testing they think the cancellations you know will be relatively minor it is something to monitor >> um but you know given the attraction so like 60% of people that have been offered this reserve now pay later are taking uh Airbnb up on the feature and it kind of evens the playing field because when typically you book a hotel you're not paying until the stay. So this is something I think that makes sense for them to do and kind of you know puts them more on par with with those competitors. >> The um so the stock um has been trading was trading at around $120 and you're we'll have a look at the pre-market again maybe in a sec. Um but your fair market value about $154. >> Yeah, that's right. Uh so I mean we are at $154 trading about a 20% discount. I think what the market is focused on or has been focused on is that Airbnb is investing into expanding into international markets, expanding into hotel-like services and offering experiences. We think that's very attractive for the long-term growth and profitability growth profile, but in the near term, it's causing operating margins to be lower this year than it they were in 2024. The market can be near-term oriented. Um, we take a more of an intermediate longer term view. So we think that this is actually presenting an opportunity for investors. >> And what what do they what does experiences meaning in in this context? >> Yeah, it's things to do. So the leader here is a company uh that TripAdvisor owns called Viotor. Now it's a huge market. It's about 300 billion only 30% online penetrated and Viotor which is a leader only has a low singledigit share. Airbnb we think is going to do very well in this market because of their individual hosts that have expertise of their local of their local. So we think they can um you know generate 10 billion in bookings from experiences and services by the end of this decade. >> The um you talked about hotels. So how are they working with hotels Airbnb? I mean it would seem they'd be arch enemies like cats and dogs. >> Yeah. Well, so hotels, they are adding hotels, but their strategy with this is they're really just focused on adding boutique unique type hotels in areas where there isn't a lot of Airbnb supply. I mean, they their commercials say that, you know, for a lot of travel experiences, an Airbnb is the best fit, but they acknowledge that for certain types of travel, sometimes a hotel could be a better fit. Um, and it's still a huge expansion opportunity. For every 10 bookings that occur in the US, only one is an Airbnb. That is a huge market opportunity for their core alternative accommodation business, but also points to like why, you know, around the edges that they're kind of uh wanting to add some hotel um listings. >> What about rivals like Furbo, VBO? Do they have anything like Well, I know their market share is much smaller, but are they in any way a competitive threat to Airbnb? Yeah, actually the main uh competitor to uh vacation rentals for Airbnb is Booking Holdings uh which is more of an internationally uh aware uh known company. Um Verbbo is the number three player. So the way you can kind of think about revenue share and the is Airbnb probably has at least 50%. Um Booking Holdings probably has around 30 and then you have Verbbo which is maybe around 10%. Um Verbbo is owned by Expedia. Expedia reported last night Verbbo um they did a lot of platform reinvestments that's just now starting to return to growth. We just had 10% revenue growth for Airbnb. Verbbo is just now returning to some positive growth. So they've been losing share but um you know they're a number three player. >> Fascinating. Dan, anything else? Anything else that we should watch out for from Airbnb in the next year or so? Is there any surprises coming? perhaps things that investors don't realize uh are in the hopper. >> Yeah. So, I mean to the degree that we think that the the stock has been hindered by this near-term investment, they did guide up Ebida margins for the year. Um there still be they still will be below 2024, but they kind of communicated that they're through the heavy peak investment um spend. So, >> as we look into 2026 and beyond, I think we're kind of reaching an inflection point where margins just start to expand again. Thank you very much, Dan. Really appreciate it. >> All right. Thank you.
