---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: HUBS
title: "HubSpot (HUBS) Stock Analysis: The Market is Wrong (84% Margins)"
channel: "EagleEye Stocks"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: E_0OecvZUAc
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E_0OecvZUAc
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# HubSpot (HUBS) Stock Analysis: The Market is Wrong (84% Margins)

**Channel**: EagleEye Stocks  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E_0OecvZUAc

## Transcript

HubSpot stock crashed massively over the past few months and I will tell exactly why and should you buy, sell or hold the stock. I have exact re recommendation. So today we're going to deep dive into the data. So let's start. What happened recently? Why does this chart look so horrible? So uh first of all we have um the earnings um which were actually quite good as you can see here. um house purchase tumble as growth outlook disappoints and this is the headline. Um but when you take a look at the um quarter they actually beat the earnings for the third quarter. So slightly beat for the EPS um also EPS gap actual and also revenue surprise um 22 million more than expected. So pretty good and especially when you take a look at all these um eye concerns on the business. Um so why has this stock fallen you know over at 15%. um this stock tumbled because the growth outlook disappoints and what exactly means is that um this is slowing slightly from you know from 20% for the previous quarter of 90%. And on the next year also expected um revenue growth of 15% over the next 12 months and the market expected more like it should be like 20%. So yeah, this was a bit um yeah, unexpected and that's why the stock went really really down and when you take a look at how much how many% we lose on that day was pretty massive. So we started 416 went down 20% almost. Now we have on 15% lose. We just made 5% um the next day. Um I tell you why um why this is really interesting. As you can see here in the articles um we have actually the revenue also expected is a bit bit lower. Um um but you know you just also have to keep in mind that they already um you know have brightened the outlook for the third quarter. So yeah actually they come back now and that's why investors are a bit um you know not really um not really good but what is um important is on the business side right is software eating everything or is AI going to replace like HubSpot and yeah I mean all this software as a service and I plot pop firms um have the importance of implementing AI, right? And I think the house is doing that pretty good and the AI focus reshape its long-term competitive edge. And yeah, I absolutely hope that they um implement them good. I've seen it. I used it Habspot every single day. Um I've seen some changes on there, I think. Um but still there are some competitors who have done this a bit better and so I really hope that they're crushing it. And yeah, when you take a look at the valuation, I think it's still good. You know, currently we're not profitable, but you know, the depth is now really low and we will have a price earning ratio on yeah the next years estimated um for 28 is actually 23. This is pretty good. Um as you can see here 26 only 19% maybe 15%. So this is why investors are a bit shocked. Um but we take a look at the 27 year and 28 we have good good growth rates and so I think that's um yeah there's no doubt that hops will still continue and even if they do like 18% it's still good cuz um you know 18% and estimated uh forward EPS of 34 is is okay in my opinion like absolutely I mean if you take a look at Apple like bro like Apple um has um currently you know also they grow like um 10 maybe 20% or like 10 to 15%. And yeah they have similar price earning ratios. So yeah pretty similar. I think HubSpot has more potential. Why? Because they have amazing margins. amazing when you take a look at like gross profit margin 84% that's crazy um they will be profitable in the next month because of the positive cash flow they um will actually yeah be really profitable so that's what I really like about the stock is the margin and combined with growth is really really good they have growth like 20% what I like about the business is that they have current revenue so if If you take a look at, you know, if you want to do a hopspot, you know, just hopspot pull it down. Okay, like I want or like I want just hot spot. So, look at this. Okay, we have here the knowledge page. But when you take a look at the price, oh, I don't know why it's not here. What? Like HubSpot price. I really like um it's similar to Microsoft um you can get a demo and you know they have good good clients as you can see here and they also have when you take a look at I don't know why prices are not shown but they have like a model like uh 20% like $20 per month something like this and that's pretty good because they If you have a CRM, a customer relationship management, you won't change it like overnight, you you're not like like chippy, you know, you're not thinking about, oh, which I to use for for which uh you know, task maybe you want to know something and maybe you ask perplexity um in order to research or chat GBT in order to write something. So that's I think that's the difference by Hopspot. If you have once the demo, you put all your data like all your contacts, you you uh synchronize it with your Gmail. So you actually when you all have this email and just checking all this um all this management of the customers, it's difficult to you know jump over to a new software where you have to export all the data. Um, and yeah, also the fact that you already comfortable with you, you know how to how to deal with it. I found really good just to have a free demo and uh, yeah, the costs are low for the free demo and when you just purchase, it's just insane margins. So yeah, and also with the AI, they have less support um, less people in the support. So yeah, I think that's also a chance. So I'm actually bullish. I mean the stock is a bit hot like 34 is still not not that low but yeah I mean there is a chance also that this is why the stock went so up um why Alphabet maybe could buy household I still see that you know safe fors or another company could just buy halfspot it's absolutely possible um yeah And if not, it's still okay. But this is just the fact that they can profit from or the stock. Um yeah, like as you can see, chart looks not that nice, but you know, I think we will just end this. We have three lows. Um you know, at 400 uh you know, we break through this a bit. If we go back, if we go back, I think we have a quite good chance that um that we just stay here in the line and maybe we close the gap on go back to 560. I think this is possible if they just um you know implement AI have less people in the support business. I think then then they have a really better earnings and yeah so I'm bullish we have to I would not maybe buy today um but if they you know go back like here because I'm not buying in the falling knife don't we go back I will maybe buy just a recommendation just my opinion yeah like because it's probably that we will close this cap you know because we already have also like the long-term game we will grow like you know that's why I think u the stock cannot really fall really more um with all really really pessimistic on this HubSpot stock I mean we have really positive analysts and yeah so that's my opinion on HubSpot leave a like and subscribe the channel and I hope you guys see you in the next
