---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: HUBS
title: "HubSpot CEO on the Future of SaaS, AI, & Leading Through Change"
channel: "Kleiner Perkins"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: 5IvTK4syq-4
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IvTK4syq-4
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# HubSpot CEO on the Future of SaaS, AI, & Leading Through Change

**Channel**: Kleiner Perkins  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IvTK4syq-4

## Transcript

forget all the hype and forget all the cool technology. Can we take a neat feature of AI and make it a necessary feature in AI? If we can prove to ourselves with customer usage and repeat value that we deliver, then there's something in the cycle. If you're one of these traditional SAS companies and you're not leveraging this technology, like you're probably going to die. We looked at Blockbuster. We looked at BlackBerry. And there is no hesitation in kind of looking at what is happening within the tech industry to say this is big. Every year I've been as a CEO, I've had to like reinvent what I'm doing and my mental constructs. And every year there's something completely different that we are like trying to drive at HubSpot. It's the most challenging job I have ever done. And you got to give it your 200%. [Music] Welcome to Grit. I'm Jubin, partner at Kleiner Perkins, a show where we go beyond the highlight reel and explore the personal and professional challenges of building history-making companies. Today's guest is Yamin, CEO of HubSpot, one of the few public tech companies pulling off over $2 and a half billion dollars of revenue and growing over 20%. Yammen joined HubSpot as the chief customer officer in 2020 and their CEO Brian Hallagan in 2021 had a tragic snowmobiling accident that thrust Yamin into the CEO position, first in an interim role and then full-time 6 months after. Enjoy the episode. I was just thinking when I was making my coffee, I'm kind of on a hot streak with former salespeople. There you go. That have gone into into the upper echelons of of the professional world. You started in sales. Okay. Yeah. Okay. But I would I mean like yes, you're my kin, but like you've you guys you know you Chambers, Carl, like you all are doing some pretty special things. Carl is like one of my absolute favorite. So, I was at Dropbox when Carl was at Seoa and he was an adviser and I think I I took most of his time. I'd be like, "How many times a week can I talk to you?" And he was like, "Well, I don't know." So, I learned so much from him there. Yeah, it's good. I uh I appreciate you doing this. Of course. Yeah. Like really, I'm just really excited. Thank you, J. How uh where are you from? Where's your name from? Uh I'm originally from India. Okay. South India. Yeah. And the name is like I don't I think it's half Sanskrit half Tamil. Okay. You know I'm from Tamil Nadu so I don't even know where it's from. Have you ever met somebody else with your name? No I have not. I've never met another Juban if that makes you feel bad. This this is actually good. When you were a kid did you get frustrated like you know when they have the magnets at the gas stations where it's like Ben and Bob and Jill and Jack. Totally. And I was always like where's Jubin? Yes. I was like even close you know I was like oh man. I mean and and India has like a billion plus people and I still haven't met another Yammen face to face. I've now like heard of other other folks but I've not met and I'm like okay that's strange that in a country of 1.x billion that I haven't met another one. So I don't know my parents uh went the strange route. Do you ever go back to India? Yeah. How often? Yeah. I mean maybe once every couple of uh years. I now have teen boys and the only way to get them to understand where we came from and have a sense of grounding in the world is to take them back and make them experience what I experienced. It's always tough because they uh they they can't relate. They're they've only seen everything here and then I'm like, you know what, you've got it good. They don't get what that is until I take them there and then we go visit where we are from. My husband's also from India. So we go there and we spend time there. And they How old are the boys? Uh my first one is 18 going to college and then the second one is 16 in sophomore high school. And feel free to answer this however you want but like did you grow up with money in India? Not at all. Not at all. So uh you know our our home that we spent most of our child my childhood in was about 350 square foot. And it was it was a mansion. It was a mansion. And you know, Juben, uh I it felt like a mansion. Like it, you know, I now I can go backwards and look at that and say, "Oh, that was pretty modest." And we were squarely middle class, you know, and uh my dad had a small business and he was like running it, you know, monthto month, year to year. My mom was a stay-at-home mom. So, uh, they did everything possible for us and we had no desires beyond what we got, but it was a small house. Yeah, it was a small house and my sister and I were like two years apart and uh we would spend a lot of time like figuring out who gets the one desk in the house and we would have to like do things special to have the desk. The other one was sitting at the dining table and we would have to be like running around. So yeah, it was it was like Do um is it weird for you? Is this the real thing by the way? Oh, I just I just roll. You just stole I just I just roll. I just roll. I just roll. Like this whole thing is just a conversation wherever the wind blows us. Um did you on with your kids? Yeah. So like how big is HubSpot today? The company 9,000 people. Three billionish. Three billion-ish market cap of uh who knows today. I have in my notes today. Well, today might not be a good day to check. Today is not a good day to check. It's It's like in Go ahead. 30 billion. 30 billion. Yes. And like the CEO of like a very serious company. Your comp is like online. Like everybody like they can look it up. Your boys can look up like how much you make. Like it's all there, right? And they do. And they do. Yeah. And you like make a lot of money. It turns out of course you're like running a big company. And you know, like is it weird? Like is that like do you like when you come from so little? Yeah. Do you have this weird um I don't know like experience with like now that you obviously are not where you were when you grew up and your kids couldn't be further from where you were as a kid. Like I don't know like is that weird you know? Uh do you worry about it? I I a so what I worry about the most for my kids is that so I grew up in this super small town in a super small house with not a lot and that honestly was the fire in my belly and uh the way I grew up my my mom always thought that both uh of us I have an elder sister who's two years you know older and she thought that both of us had to get great education we had to be economically independent we had to like do great things in our life and she always talked about that when we were growing up and dinner tables would be you know uh the first lawyer in India, the first woman lawyer in India to win a big case you know the uh the first you know engineer to do something really cool this doctor who would do something amazing a mountaineer who did this a pilot who did this she would like it was achievement oriented yeah it was always like look what women can do and you you know I know you're growing up here but nothing should stop you. So it was this uh very inspired you know childhood that that I had. Now it became pretty difficult because when I got to college I was like nobody was willing to take you know an engineer growing up in that at that point in time there was just a lot of like why are you here? you should be doing some arts and science and you should be doing, you know, something else, you know. And so there was a dissonance between how my mom had raised us and what the conventional choices for women growing up in the you know 70s8s looked like. So it was very very different. But having said all of that, it was always achievementoriented, never you know um never monetarily like the most important thing. And for me, I never grew up thinking I always grew up thinking I had everything I wanted even in my, you know, beautifully large, you know, 350 foot apartment. So, it was never about, oh, I need to make more money or I'm doing this for money. And it's a really odd thing because you know I was telling you that I take my kids to India and um you know in the place that I grew up we have you know an orphanage that we sponsor and uh there are about like 100 kids and you know we help them get an education and I make them go and spend days there because you know it actually gives them a sense of look you know where you are and what your responsibility is in society is not just for you to you you know, make money and live in the Bay Area. It is to uh figure out how you can actually have a broader impact and you know, for people that don't have it and so I think it is odd and uh they do Google me and uh we have the conversation and the conversation I have with my boys is if you like this work hard to get it because none of this is coming to you. You tell them that. Yeah, absolutely. because I want the fire in the belly and like they're like, "Mom, you made 25 million last year." Like, "How about like a car?" No. Uh I mean I I've said that we will give them a good education. Yeah. And uh they're very clear that if they like the lifestyle that they have right now, they're going to have to earn the lifestyle that they have right now. And uh it's it's really important for me because you know uh there has to be some fire in the belly. There has to be a reason for you to do what you want to do and it has to come from within. It cannot just be given to you. And so yeah, it's really important for me and my husband to raise our kids with uh a desire to have an impact in life, not just expect, you know, a lifestyle that they now uh enjoy. Do you think you can impose constraints like that? Maybe like your constraints were not imposed. Like that's just how your world was. That's right, Juben. Whereas your kids' constraints are basically like you creating these constraints. Yes. But like at the end of the day, they still probably live in a nice house that they grew up in with you, yada yada yada. Right. Like I don't know like does does that work? Does the does does creating somewhat of false constraints Yeah. actually like uh is what keeps you up that maybe or maybe not that creates the fire in their belly. Yeah. I don't know the answer. Look, my kids are teens. Uh you know, and I'm, you know, I'll we'll have this conversation maybe like 5 years, 10 years, and then I'll see if they really were able to, you know, accomplish something or put themselves in a path to accomplish something. I'll tell you what. Um, I used to worry a lot about this when they were young because we would, you know, we would travel on vacations and we'd go to like, you know, nice restaurants. I'm like, where are they going to get it from? But I'll tell you, um, I work, you know, a lot and I enjoy working a lot. My husband works a lot. We've both been very career focused and we've both worked a lot. And surprisingly, I've just seen that that has a huge impact in terms of the kind of work ethic and values that your kids get. And so, uh, my 18-year-old, he's a senior right now going off to college. I'll tell you, the last two years, he's worked harder than me. And I was proud of that. And I saw him like grind it out a lot more than me. And I was like, okay, maybe some of this is rubbing off. there's a little bit of like osmosis and seeing how you know the value system is and so you can teach values or you can live values and I think we've tried to like live values and we're hoping that it kind of like rubs off on them and they uh just take it forward in their life and so it's a lot of conversations and it's a lot of like living what you want your kids to kind of take when they're adults and they're not in the When you say like uh you work a lot, can I put a finer point on what that means? Like I like defining what working a lot means because I think everybody has different images of what hard work looks like in their minds. What does hard work look like? Like let's just take last weekend. Yeah. Were you working? Oh, every weekend. I've uh there's not been a weekend that I've not worked in maybe 15 years. And how do you construct your work on a weekend? Yeah, this is a great question. So I mean look I I think I I can't claim that I work really hard. I will I have a schedule that works for me. So you know um one of the things I found especially postcoid or during the pandemic is that there was no constraint right like I mean your you know your office was like 2 minutes away from you know your kitchen and so uh you're working all the time and so what I've come to is that um during the work week you know I start probably around 6 6:30 and my first call is at 7 and then it's like a full day, you know, lots of calls like everybody else. And then, you know, I'll have dinner with the kids and then I'll work till 11:00 and that's my schedule. So, you know, any day is like maybe 12, 14, 15 hours. And then what I try to do is Friday night when I'm done, whenever I'm done, it might be, you know, 8 9 10 whatever time I'm done on Friday, I don't touch my computer and I don't think about work till Sunday morning. And I've I've constrained myself on that to say I need a break. It's almost like peak performance requires like peak rest and you know you do need to take breaks. Saturday is your free day. Saturday is Friday night, let's call it 700 p.m. and on dinner and on. Yes. And then all day Saturday. But what about if emails are hitting your phone? I've I've said to people that I will not respond on Saturday. So everybody in the company knows all 9,000 people that you're not touching. No one's like sending me from a company. No one is. You know, I might get like some board members or you know, you're not responding to them. I'm not responding to them. I don't respond on Saturdays and then Sunday morning I it's a full work day for me and it's my work day. It's like this is the time I read. This is the time I do deep thinking. This is the time I write and it's it's a full day and I don't send out emails. My team knows that most of the time almost always I will schedule it for Monday morning and so they're probably like waiting for this 5:00 a.m. Monday morning emails, you know, string of emails from me. But I work on Sundays and I think on Sundays and I do everything and then I send it out and then you know that's my day. I I enjoy my Sundays. Uh I was just having this conversation with my girlfriend because every Sunday is also my work day. Like it's a full work day and she knows the routine. Like I wake up Yes. I have a coffee. I start working at the kitchen table. I go to the gym. I get a haircut. Whatever hair I have left, I shave it off and then I go back to work. and and and she was asking me like why and I think the obvious answer is like well there's a lot of work but I think the more unobvious answer that I was talking to her about was like I don't even know what Sunday scaries are anymore because I feel like I have so much control over the coming week that like what am I scared of like I feel like I'm like capturing control in that Sunday exactly I mean I enjoy Sundays I'm not scared of Sundays I enjoy it because it's my time I get to decide what I'm learning, what I'm doing, what I'm thinking, what I'm writing. It is completely my schedule. I have nothing else to disturb me except my own thoughts. And so I enjoy Sundays. And by the way, like this is such an exciting industry. Like tech industry has always been exciting, but right now it is so exciting. There's so much to learn. I know last weekend I had lovable uh up and I was like trying to create an app and I did. Now, you know, I used to code way back and then I went into, you know, go to market and sales and so I've literally not coded in 20 years and I was there, you know, on lovable creating an app and feeling so powerful and vibing with it. So, yeah, it was and it's fun. Like that's my play day, you know? It's like so fun. I'm glad that you think so, too. Yeah. Oh, I love it. I love it. Can I jump right into a moment in time that I find fascinating, which is um when you started at HubSpot, which was how long ago? 5 years and 3 months. Yeah. 5 years and 3 months. Not that anyone's counting. No, we're not counting. 63 months ago. Uh uh you started what was the job when you started? Um I joined as the chief customer officer and that is running marketing, sales, customer success and operations. Okay. Okay. So, go to market functions. All go to market functions. And then what year was that? January 2020. January 2020. So, like uh the first cases of COVID were just happening here basically. No, not even not even it was about to happen. It was like we in hindsight it probably was happening somewhere in the world but not not to anybody's knowledge. And then COVID happens. Yes. And of all the businesses in software and technology, HubSpot was right up there with the best of them of like your stock went crazy. Like it got pulled forward like crazy. Yeah. Right. Yes. Like it was nuts. It was nuts. Like uh your market cap like doubled, didn't it? Yes. Our revenue more than doubled, right? Like we were growing net new AR. So, okay, this is the this is uh the we were about, you know, an $850 million company at the end of 2019 and January 2020 I joined and um Brian Haligan, our co-founder and at that time CEO, he was like, "Ease yourself in for 90 days. I want you to do nothing. I want you to go and like talk to people, talk to customers, talk to partners, talk to employees and kind of like form your own opinion." And then you remember March, you know, March was uh when borders started shutting down and people were asked to go back and into into their homes. And um in one week we saw churn grow like 200%. Right? Like we had like massive churn in the first couple of weeks of the month. And we were like, "Okay, we got to do something." And Brian was like, "Forget what I told you. I need a plan in 5 days and we're going to go to the board and we're going to present what the plan is in 5 days. And we started like you know hustling. We had daily meetings multiple times with the go to market leadership team and we were like okay what are we going to do? And so we came up with a plan and Juben the plan was this uh the plan that we presented to the board five days you know of of brainstorming later was we're going to cut the price of our uh you know starter tier by more than 75%. We're going to take a lot of paid features and move it to our free features and we're going to create a pool of nearly $20 million as a customer relief fund. And uh now looking back, you know, the board looked at us and said, "What is that plan?" And we said, "Look, customers are turning uh they're all going, you know, to go bust unless they figure out how to do digital marketing." These are all small businesses. These are small businesses that were getting locked down completely. And if they don't get to uh figure out how to market, you know, digitally and if they don't get to figure out how they drive sales digitally, they will go out of business. And so this is a moment in time where loyalty of our customer base is really important. And I still remember the board asking me, $20 million in relief fund, how long do you think it's going to take for you to recover that that, you know, relief fund? And I looked at them and I was like, I don't know. Um, I don't know. It It might take six months, it might take nine months, it might be never. And I say it out of deep conviction, not because I'm being crazy here. But I'm saying it out of deep conviction that if we can do the right thing for the customer and in this moment of sheer panic, we can help them, then we earn their right to serve them and we can grow. And you're absolutely right. So June came along and then you know everybody wanted to figure out how to drive digital marketing, how to drive digital sales and uh that year in 2020 we grew the fastest. In 2021 our growth rate internally with the net new AR was something like 85%. That was on like a billion dollar base. On a billion dollar base that's insane. Yeah. But you know it was it was as you said you know there was a lot of pull through. Now looking back we can say okay there was a lot of pull through and you know people bought a lot and then you know obviously we needed to like keep that growth up and obviously we needed to make sure that we were serving but you know growth at that scale can be a challenge. We're not ready. We were not ready in terms of our infrastructure. We were not ready in terms of who we hired, how we onboarded them, how we made them successful. It was like girl because this is what customers need. Yeah. Crazy times, right? And then I mean that is absolutely insane because you you whiplashed first towards contracting. Yeah. Right. Like like for a few months of like a hard contraction, the bottom was falling out with churn. Then you basically go on a year and a half run of demand in the next 5 to 10 years getting pulled forward to like this this present 18 months. Then in order to meet that demand, you and basically every other tech company was like, well, I think this is how the future is going to be forever. like people are going to be digital, people are going to be remote, we're just pulling the inevitable forward and this is our new normal, right? That was kind of like the ethos of the time. I think that was the ethos. Although you you know, you kind of knew that it was not sustainable, right? Like the kind of growth that you know and and we were we were seeing some portion of that. But in like Zoom, you know, like what was happening with Zoom was like even crazier. We would look at, you know, our whatever 80s% growth rate and they were growing like 350 and we were like, "Oh my god, you know, that is crazy." And we know that was not sustainable, but that was the absolute ethos. It is we have to grow, we have to serve, we have to make sure that we uh we can keep up with the demand at that time. But and I guess like that's the thing where I hear a lot of founders and CEOs now say, "Oh, I kind of grew irresponsibly through that period." But my question is, if you're growing at 85% on a billion dollar base and you have all of this demand, how do you you have to hire people and you have to hire people really quickly and you have to do it remote so you're going to lower the bar because like there's no other choice. Like I don't know how what gives there. No, look, I think you know you can always look back at events and have a level of clairvoyance that you didn't have at that point. So I don't believe in you know saying oh we grew irresponsibly. We had demand and our job was to make sure that we were helping our customers through a very important digital transformation and we did it. Now I would say that there were parts of our infrastructure in terms of the data in terms of the systems in terms of processes we were totally not ready for that type of growth. And I also think that who we hired, you know, again, the ethos of that time was that the metas and the Googles were like giving out these big comp packages and they were like hiring and we were like, okay, we got to compete and we have to continue to hire. I think it was not irresponsible. It was uh the how we met that moment of, you know, in time and how we were trying to do it. And now we've learned a lot. I think we've had to like put the foundations back again. Uh we learned that you know some of the folks during that time were really good at order taking but then when you know the tides turned and we had to get them to fish you know they were they didn't have the skill set we didn't hire them for that skill set and so we had to like retrain them or actually let go of them and hire a whole new set of folks and it was uh it's all been hard it's all been hard like you know yeah I'm just thinking about this now for the first time but like the general ethos now in whatever it is March of 25 is um everyone's building out uh some version of a tuned frontier model that they're taking off the shelf from anthropic or open AI. Correct. Uh they're hiring uh a bunch of expensive AI engineers that everybody is continuing to compete for. Yes. Right. Like uh everyone is throwing a bunch of compute at a problem. Yes. Okay. Everyone says that we don't have enough data. Our data is not in order. Right. Like like all of these things like I don't know. Like I'm just hearing you say these things and I'm like, "Oh, this is the current thing." Like this is just a different name to the current thing. Maybe not. Yeah. Yeah. I think I think you are right. You know, it's uh it seems different. You know, for um the better part of the last decade, everybody was like, "What's the next thing? What's the next thing? Maybe it's web web three, maybe it's, you know, something else." And you know, we were all kind of like looking for what is the next thing after SAS. And I do think that minus the hype, minus all the hotakes about AI, it is a truly transformative technology. Not because of how cool it is, but because I think it fundamentally reshapes the kind of work that we can now do, right? And look, you you were in sales, you know, I I when I started uh at Seable, that was the original CRM company in sales. You know, the first thing was like it's a here's a target account selling methodology and then you have a CRM system that is your rolodex and so when you meet someone you meet like five people during the day you go in there and you enter your contacts of who you met and then you're putting in notes of what conversations you had with them and then you are trying to send an email to all of them to like make sure that you're developing those relationships. That was the CRM. The CRM was for a seller to do tasks in order for them to drive a level of productivity and that's what we grew up in. Now you look at like AI you know what you can do today is you can listen to this conversation you can you know AI can listen to this conversation say Yamin is talking to Juben Juben is not in her contact base and this is the conversation that they had and this is the follow-up they should have and when I go back it can say do you want me to add Juben to your contacts? Yes. Do you agree that this is the summary of your conversation? Yes. Do you want to send this follow-up? Like yes. Okay. It's done all of that and that's now possible. And that is what is exciting. The jobs that we all did as a marketeer, as a salesperson, as a support person is now completely getting rewritten and we can do more. And that is what is so exciting about this. While there are some parallels in terms of the ethos of like how crazy people are growing and all the conversations that are happening, this is fundamentally exciting because you can do better things with your time and you can re-imagine amount of work that can be done and it is no longer about software helping you do tasks. It is about software doing tasks to help you that then maximizes the results and the outcomes that you can achieve in the time that you spend. I totally agree. I mean when I was starting out in my career like I was probably making a 100 cold calls a day and writing literally 4 to 500 emails a day and copy and pasting them and we're investors in a company called Nooks. It's just going to do it all. Right. It just does it all, right? It literally just does all of that work. I didn't need to be doing that work. What a waste of time. I still needed a job to do I there was a job for me to be done there, but it was not that job. Well, and and think about this. The job to be done for you as that sales rep and this is how I I started my career as well is to close deals and is to win business, right? Is to be in front of customers, is to understand your customer's painoint and to win them as a customer. That was the job to be done. In order to do that job, you researched companies, you called, cold called, you wrote a bunch of emails, you followed everything up, and then you did all of that to get a sliver of time in front of the customer. And that was like the paradigm then. And look, I I've been in sales and go to market for a very long time. You know the the the really incredible statistic for 20 years I've been tracking this which is what's the time a salesperson spends in front of a customer and this has not moved. It's like 25% and if you got your act together and you have great operations you have amazing data you have great systems it's 27%. So you literally have like a 2% improvement if you get everything right in terms of the time in front of customer and everything else is the prep that you're talking about. It's the research and then you know when I'm first moved on to operations I would like literally beg the sales team to be like can you please complete your notes in the system because the next person and the next person needs a better handoff. So that is changing and it's so cool. It's so exciting to see what you know companies are doing. You know, HubSpot is completely there and that's what we're trying to imagine for our uh our customers. Like I agree. I think this is a real thing. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Um but like at the time of what a crypto Yes. or at the time of co everybody also thought it was a very real thing. Yeah. And in the, you know, the days of everyone being remote and it's going to last forever and this digital demand is going to sustain for decades to come. The problem is, which is similar to now, uh, whether it's true or false, if you're wrong, if it's true and you're wrong and you didn't make the right investments at that point, you're screwed. Meaning, like, if you're growing 100% at a billion dollar base and you're just like, "Oh, no. This isn't going to last." And you're like, and it does last. You just left like hundreds of millions of dollars Exactly. on the table. Exactly. Right. Or like even these um these these uh these big tech companies now like Meta and and and Google and and and Microsoft, the investments that they're making in infrastructure are insane. Like insane. It's insane. Like we've never seen dollars spent like this. But like what are they going to do? Like like what if they're wrong? What if like what if this is maybe not even enough investment? Yeah. And Microsoft decided not to do it and Meta and Amazon did. Yeah. Like they missed the whole thing. Absolutely. Absolutely. And so this is why it's hard. This is so like this is so hard. So I think like you know one of the things I I feel is there's a lot of hotakes and hype and all of these and every cycle whether it turns out to be real or not has like hotaches and every day like some crypto this and web 3 that and now AI this right it really comes down to customer value and you got to go back to you know it doesn't matter what all this technology you know talk does you got to go back to who's your customer how what is their job to be done and can you improve that and add value that's our you know that's how we look at it we have like a northstar which is solve for the customer SFTC we talk about this all the time and then it comes back to great all forget all the hype and forget all the cool technology can we take a neat you know feature of AI and make it a necessary feature in AI if we can prove to ourselves with customer usage and repeat value that we deliver then there's something in the cycle if it's not if it's the cool thing that you do today and then next week it's like churned and everybody is left then there is no value so I think you got to like ground yourself in customer value and truth and if you do that then you can sip through it but you know at the beginning of the cycle you just have to like you know use some kind of pattern recognition to say is this going to work or not and make a bet and you cannot be wrong and you know that's that's what happens like I I would say that um you know SAP I used to work at SAP and you know back in those days there was a lot of question of is cloud real you know will will on premise ever go away and is cloud real and would you know CIOS ever trust data that's not in their data center and is in some kind of public cloud and these were real debates there now it's not the same thing I think all of us you know who've been established for for a while or if it's a startup, we know and see the value of AI and we're kind of like really focused on what is that value for customers. If Sei Bowl had had deep belief and conviction Yes. that SAS was actually going to be the thing that ultimately upended their business and enabled Salesforce to become a big company. Correct. They probably would have done that. Yes. They just didn't. That's right. And then they got cannibalized. That's right. Um and I think that's about to happen all over again to many of these SAS companies. And that's the thing, right? Like if if you're one of these traditional SAS companies, traditional as in like you were born in the last 20 years and you're not leveraging this technology, like you're probably going to die. You're pro actually probably going to get completely upended. I have like two thoughts here. First of all, everybody, every one of us running tech companies now, we've got the memo. We read innovators dilemma. We looked at Blockbuster. We looked at BlackBerry. We live through Seabol. We live through all of this. We've got the memo, right? And and there is no hesitation in kind of looking at what is happening within the tech industry to say this is big. We're going right. I mean, I I think you're absolutely right. The second thing is that um I think about this like disruption conversation slightly differently where you know if you think about the the way to define disruption is that you have a certain market there is a new you know startup that comes into that market and they eat your you know TAM and they reset your ability to grow that is the the disruption I think what is happening right now is that there is a software market but that market actually now got 10x bigger because it's Now software and work market what you talked about parallegal is work typically software never did that and it might have provided some help but it didn't actually translate work. So the overall addressable market went from software to software plus labor which is 10 times bigger which is 10 times bigger which means your job is not you know sitting there thinking about disruption and is my market going to get smaller. Your job is to kind of define what you are going to do to get a bigger percentage of this 10x market. That's right. That is different and I think like that's why the incumbents or the ones that have been around they're moving faster and they are redefining kind of like what this looks like within the market and it's exciting. I agree and I think like taking that even a step further like think about let's just say the customer support use case. Okay. Yes. Um, you are 100% not going to need as many customer support people. Yes, that's the truth. Truth. You are going to replace or not hire future customer support people that you otherwise would. True. Those are whatever salary they are. You're just getting rid of those salaries or reallocating what you would be otherwise hiring in those salaries towards something else. Yep. Like a 20 to 50% clip or more. Yep. That's like very different than charging a license or a seatbased fee. Correct. For some service that you're offering. It's very different. Absolutely. The the the incumbent question is one that I'm really fascinated by though because um we like we don't want to go up against ideally it is a nonteSavvy incumbent that we are cannibalizing not necessarily HubSpot. Okay, thank you for saying that. So like I'll give you an example that comes to mind right now. There's a company called Axon. You probably never heard of it. Okay. They're a $60 billion public company. Okay. And um they do tasers. They have a 99% market share of all tasers in the country. Interesting. They sell to police stations, whatever. Okay. Interesting. Product number two was uh body cams for police officers. Okay. Y I think on Amazon or Microsoft's public is larger than Netflix and Snapchat combined or something with how much data they're sending to the public cloud just to give you a sense of their scale. Okay. What they're doing is they have built um a a co-pilot for police officers because after a police officer does a a stop a traffic stop. Okay. They then have to go back to the office and transcribe all the things that happened. Right. Right now they can just dictate it as it's happening. Yes. And it automatically transcribes that in a way that's saving them literally hours a day. Yes. That's like half their job. That's right. Like do we think we should make a bet in the police uh in the police co-pilot? Probably not in that respect because they have all the data. Yeah. They have all the data. Yeah. Exactly. So like that part gives me pause. right now for like doctors. I I think there's a pretty obvious use case there. You know what I mean? Absolutely. There's a there's a maybe like a difference here, you know? Yes. Um maybe one more point and then I want to hear what you think. First of all, I love that you're thinking because this is the you know uh have a thesis of where you know AI can add the most value and then build a hypothesis and then like invest. And I think that's that's fantastic. Yeah. Yeah. I think like um the the weird thing is that the current state of the market is that we are paying rent for somebody else to use our data. Like if you're like this is the thing that I haven't quite wrapped my arms around yet. Yeah. Let's take Salesforce, right? Okay. That's not Salesforce's data. It's the customer's data. It's the customer's data. Y that's different than like the police use case. Yeah. Do you know what I mean? Oh yeah. I don't know how that unfolds. Yeah. Because I like I think that they have a huge data advantage, but like I think you have a huge data advantage. That's true. Yeah. But like how you use that data. Yeah. And what tools can you can you offer? I don't know the answer to that. Yeah, I just don't know how that's going to play out. I I think I think you're exactly right. Like there are certain things where you can very clearly see who owns the data and who gets the value out of it. I'll tell you the ability to bring together the data and give it to the customer who you know is responsible and who owns the data is actually valuable. What I mean by this is this. So there's like one of the reasons why customers like HubSpot, you know, is uh we help them get all their structured data about the company, the contact, the notes, all of that in one place and it's super easy. Now we are bringing together all of this unstructured data, the conversations, the emails, the Slacks, the Zoom meetings, the phone calls you have, the transcripts from all of that because AI can do more with that unstructured data. We've always had access to unstructured data. you can just do more with it. The way we think about it is that we are have a natural advantage of bringing the structured data, unstructured data and even external data from 10ks, 10 cues, transcripts, communities like any of that together to give that back to the customer. We don't even need it for training. Like if we say hey your salesperson is having this conversation and if I look at the 10 unstructured conversations these two are best in class these other eight have to learn so I can actually expose what the first the top two reps are doing and make it better for the other reps. That's a value and the ability to bring data together to drive real-time insights from a larger volume of data to help customers get value is the advantage right now. Whether how it plays out, you know, who can get access to that data, uh how those use cases transform, you know, the work that we are talking about, that remains to be seen. But I do think that there is a advantage in bringing the data together even if you're not owning that data. I totally agree with you. The other thing that I wonder how you think about it is like going back to my AI engineer comment. Okay. Like like if you want to go build the products and services that you think your customers need in this new world, you're going to go have to hire the best of the best. Yeah. Okay. Yes. um those best of the best often like if like they'll look at a company like Harvey Yeah. and they'll be like, "Wow, that's the new shiny thing." That's who you're competing against for that talent. And so if talent is the enablement function to get you from where you are to where you want to go, like that often I imagine that's tricky. Yeah. Right. Yeah. I I think it has always been tricky, right? And uh the part of it is the risk profile of the person and what they're trying to learn. I think in in the case of HubSpot, we act like a startup within a startup. There are so many innovation bets and so many innovation teams that which you always have by the way, which we have, right? Like your history is there. Yeah. We've we've put these bets and like now we're actually accelerating the pace of that product and innovation bets that we're putting. And so you know a lot of times we'll have conversation of like okay you want to do something why don't you do it here and here's how we'll enable it and by the way we'll give you the resources and there's a higher chance of you being successful and ultimately it comes down to the risk profile of that individual you know uh of course they can go work for startups and you know knowing that not every one of these companies are going to become successful or they can work in an innovation bet within you know a company like HubSpot thought that it really comes down to what the risk profile is. And I think that um if you continue to do interesting, you know, problems and you do it in a way that people learn, then you will be able to attract the right talent for your organization. Uh and this is a period that we're all going to look back and say, "Oh my god, how much did we learn in that period?" Right? Like there there are times points in times of my you know career where I'm like oh my god maximum learning and that's what you know excites me and that's right now I tell our teams all the time I'm like you're going to look back at these you know three years where I know we're working super hard and we're going even faster but you're going to look back and say that is when I learned the most and that is when it was like exciting. Does it keep you up at night? Like, you know, everyone now sees basically every category up for grabs. Yeah. The race is reset. And of course, like you're in one of the mothers of all markets. Yeah. It it is reset. There are like 20 companies, maybe hundred, all looking at CRM. Absolutely. I mean, it does. You know, Jubin, I wake up excited and scared at the same time. It's like this, you know, I'm like, okay, today we feel really good and there's so much excitement and we, you know, last week we had this whole, you know, we brought the leadership team with our top uh GMs in product as well as engineers and we had like two days of brainstorming and we had like so many ideas and we're so excited and then you like look at some other tweet from someone else and you're like, "Oh my god." Yeah. So, I think it's both and you're uh going to have to like really distill it down to what do you need to do now? What do you need to do in the next 3 months? And what's the hypothesis of the world that you have over the next year? Because I think anything over that period, who knows? I mean, you know, 3 years, 5 years from now, if AG comes in, who knows what the world is going to look like. We can only plan for the next year in very, very, you know, short increments of time. We um we run a a a group of CIOS here at Kleiner Perkins and there's about 30 of them and we met yesterday and I was putting together a deck to give like kind of a state of AI, state of the valley, all this stuff. Okay. I gave I gave the same presentation uh two months ago. Yeah. I basically had to redo the entire deck. Yes. Two months ago. Yes. Basically had to redo the entire deck. I believe I was like what is happening? exciting though. It's incredibly exciting. John Chambers used to say that every 5 years he felt like he would have to reinvent himself as a company and reinvent Cisco. Yep. Um reinvent Cisco and reinvent himself as a leader. Every five years. That was like about his clip. And he was like that was hard. Right now these early stage startups are reinventing themselves literally every six months. Yes. Every six months. I mean we're we're a much bigger company. Every year I've been as a CEO, I've had to like reinvent what I'm doing and my mental constructs. And every year there's something completely different that we are like trying to drive at HubSpot. So yeah, the it's no longer 5 years. It's like probably 6 months, maybe even 3 months. You're trying to like run really really fast. So well, and it's even crazier for you because you have all of these new people that are popping up trying to take your throne. Yes. Okay. You have these uh these foundational models. Yes. That are dropping 10x in price every year. Yeah. 10x. Yeah. And then they're improving. I don't know what but like a lot. Like crazy fast every year. So it's like all of these things at once and you're like, "Oh my gosh." Yeah. Exciting. It's insane. It's exciting. Can I um can I revisit? So uh COVID happens. Uh you're the chief customer officer. Um then at what point did you become the CEO? What what what point in time? Yeah. So, um March 2021, do you know the story? Like what? Tell me the story. So, so what happened was this um so I join and first year we're like running super hard. At the end of year one, Brian texts me and you know he says Brian's the CEO. Yeah. Brian our co-founder co-founder and CEO for 15 years. He texts me on the eve of Christmas and he's like, "Hey, uh, you'll be my successor and you're a part of my succession plan." And then I texted him back saying, "Everything is going to be fine. You're going to be doing this for another 10 years." And and then we had like one conversation about it and that was it. And then March comes along and unfortunately Brian had a snowmobile accident and uh he broke a lot of bones. Thankfully, he's now completely fine, but he needed to go and take care of himself. So, he actually texts me again. He says, "Remember I told you about this? You know, if I if I ever get hit by a bus, you have to run it. I need you to run it." And this was March 2021. This is like from the hospital sending you this. And this is like 15 months after I joined the company. And uh we were like, "Okay, you take the time." Because he needed to recover. he needed time for surgeries and all of that stuff and said we said okay you you can do that we'll take care of it and this was March 2021 this was the time the company is like growing like crazy and we're trying to you know grow fast enough to make sure that we are we're capturing all of the growth and uh yeah and I said so what do you want me to do and he said you know don't screw it up he actually said that he did he used a different word but I won't say it and and and did he actually he actually said that you're like oh great and and was it was it an interim CEO or was it the CEO? No, that was an interim CEO cuz he was like, I'm coming back. Yeah, he was like, well, and you always thought Brian's going to be here forever, I think. I So, we didn't even have that conversation. He was like, "Run it, you know, uh, don't mess it up, you know, and keep going." And I I for sure thought that he was going to come back and run. And so, I had this list of when Brian comes back, he needs to fix these things. And it was a very long list. in six months it had grown to like multiple pages. I need to talk to him about this and this and this and so he comes back and by the way he's completely fine now but he comes back in like um I think it was July or August and uh three four months later four months he was not fully recovered and we were thinking that he's going to you know be back in like 6 months and he goes no you're doing it and keep doing it board and I think that you're doing a great job and we want you to become you know the CEO. So in August 2021, I moved from what I was doing as an interim CEO to kind of taking on uh the CEO. And it was crazy times, right? Because that was the year we were growing like crazy. We' done some of these transitions. It was tough for the leadership team to kind of like take the company make sure that we had this whole internal you know challenge of running the company when the founder was out taking care of himself and then we had to like make sure that we were making the right decisions to grow. So crazy times. Yes. And then basically within a year from that point Yeah. Uh interest rates go up and you're like growth rate gets cut in half and you're like well welcome to the show like here we go. Well, it was not even that like October 2021 was the peak of the market. So, I had like two months, you know, October 2021 was the peak of the market and then obviously things started going down. By the time we gave came into 2022, April 2022, uh customers were clearly pulling back and high interest rates, high inflation. Now we can look back and say that combination of pumping a lot of money into the economy and letting the interest rates go flying and driving inflate was just not a good combination. But I think the impact of it was by April 2022 we started seeing the pullback and then we're like okay turn the whole ship around. We got to like slow down hiring. We got to like slow down you know where we're going to grow and we have to like reccalibrate all of the plans. So yeah it's been a roller coaster. when you became uh CEO, how did you feel? Like what did you actually think? Uh look, I think my life kind of flashed in front of me and people say that, but look, I grew up in a super small town. Um when I was growing up, we didn't have a high school in my town. So my mom moved to a different city to get my high school education completed and then I had this dream of coming to the US and I came here with honestly $300 in my pocket after I spent you know the first uh semester fees and you know uh renting a house. So God like it it was just absolutely crazy. And I I still remember like coming down from the conversation with Brian. My kids and my my parents were, you know, downstairs and I was crying and my son looks at me and he says, "Mom, did you get fired?" No way. And he was like, "What happened? Did you get fired?" And I was like, "No, I got, you know, Brian wants me to run the company." And I was like literally in tears, super emotional. Um, why? again like never in my life did I think that I was going to be in a public company in a seauite role first of all and certainly not in a public company running it and that was not part of my vision for myself. I wanted to come to this country. Um I wanted to learn. I wanted to get a good education. I wanted to have a job. I wanted to be economically independent. And I had the fire in my belly to be good at what I uh whatever job I did, I wanted to be the best at it. And it was always about uh learning and growing and seeing people around me and getting inspired. And uh it was never about getting to a certain level. And you know, it was like people talk about the American dream like this is more than my dream. Like I did not dream that big. And uh it was just super emotional to to kind of, you know, see that uh Brian and the board had the confidence that I could do something uh like this. So, you know, I I consider it my biggest honor um and privilege to be leading HubSpot. What changed? What surprised you the most in how your day-to-day changed from chief customer officer to CEO? uh the number of stakeholders that you now have to manage and the almost impossible task in getting everybody's approval at any given time. uh when you are you know in go to market roles uh very very clear you're focused on the customers customers number one partner maybe number two and then your team and employees number three and you really are focused on these three stakeholders and you know my framework had always been if you can maximize the value for the customer and you can maximize the value for the company and you can line it up for you know what an individual rep in your organization, you know, wanted to do. If you can line it up, then you can actually maximize outcomes from all. And my mental framework was how do you do that? How do you maximize customer value? Line it up with company value, line it up with rep value. And any system I put in place or any product we were trying to sell or any incentive change we're making, it was, you know, customer, company, rep. That was what I, you know, would would base my decisions on. And now you're in this world where it's certainly customers, it's certainly partners, it's certainly employees, and then you have shareholders, you know, your ultimate boss is like your investor and shareholder base. And then you have board and managing the board. And then you have founders who are trying to figure out what their life is going to be like after, you know, being a CEO for such a long time. And then you have a lot more constituents. And I think uh what I've recognized that is that it's really hard to get it right across all of them. You know, you may be able to get it right for, you know, many of them, but uh if you did something for, you know, uh that is really for customers, you might have to delay the impact that it has on your company that then shows up with investors. You can't like maximize for all. It's a very very difficult you know set of uh constraints that are there and so yeah it's you know and and then for me part of it was also while I started my career as an engineer I have been in go to market for the better part of like two decades and so the initial question was like how's she going to drive product drive product and you know I I've always had this like sense of being behind right you know I grew up in a small town which meant that I would look at my cousins and family in bigger cities that had opportunity. I was behind. Um I I came to the US, I was behind like you know I it took me a while to kind of like get used to a new country with a new system with a new you know ways of communicating. I was behind and then I was like an engineer behind you know trying to become a salesperson and then I was a go to market person behind trying to like help with product and so you know there's this thing of like okay uh if you're behind what is it that you can do to drive the right outcomes and the uh the results and maybe that's what is you know it gives those are points in time when I feel like I'm behind which most of my life I feel like I've been behind it gives me the drive to learn and to grow and to take that as a challenge and to say great you know I understand that doubt or I understand that sentiment I'm going to crack it and I'm going to like figure out how I can uh put my time energy into getting better. So I never take it as a question on me personally. I take it as a question on my experience and all of those times it was right. And so I think like you know it's been it's been this journey of trying to learn and trying to remain very resilient you know when you find yourself behind. Isn't it funny that like I always feel behind too. I always feel like I'm not doing enough. I'm not trying hard enough. I'm I'm not producing enough good work. Right. And I always tell myself if I just push a little bit harder then I will be enough. Yeah. And in some ways like I am chasing this like imaginary dragon of getting over the hill of not enough but the thing that maybe is pushing me in the same way is the feeling that it's not enough. Like it's like this like it's really so there's no it actually you know now um this this feeling in my stomach of being you know behind or uh getting up in the morning and looking at how much needs to happen. I've I've like embraced it. I've embraced it and made my peace with it because if I look back those are the times in my life where I've grown the most. When you know I was an engineer I then went to business school and got into my first sales job. I was like I have no idea I'm an engineer from India and now I have a quota. What am I going to do in this role and how am I going to be successful and you know I am an introvert. Um, I don't play sports, you know, I don't banter. I was not particularly great at building relationships. Maybe now over the years I've gotten a little bit better, but I have all of the inherent disadvantages of not being successful in sales and that kept me awake. I was like, I'm going to crack this thing. And what I found is that I was not good in the first five minutes of a sales call, but I was actually very good in the next 25 minutes of the sales call because I used almost an engineer's approach to breaking down the problems and figuring out, you know, challenges. I would read 10Ks. I would read 10 cues. I would listen to, you know, company management speak. And then I would ask them a question 10 minutes in and they'd be like, "That is the biggest challenge that we have." And then we'll be like, let's go into the challenge. Why have you had that challenge? And then, you know, be present and like repeat back to them why that was a challenge. And then I was like, you know what? I really suck at that first five minutes. But then I know how to crack the next, you know, 25 minutes. Let me just do that. And then that made me better as a sales professional in front of customers. And that was hard work. But after like 10 years, I was like, I think I've learned so much. I've learned not only the art of selling, I've learned the actual buying process and the buyer's like approach to, you know, thinking about investments. And that has helped me in my career. And so I look at periods where I um feel like I'm behind and that's when I learned the most. And so now I have embraced that discomfort. I've embraced that uh just feeling behind you know thing that you wake up every morning with and that's helped. So you look back at your life and your career and there are things that serve you well and then things that don't serve you well and things that serve you well even if they make you feel uncomfortable it's okay like you embrace it and you kind of go. So I totally, you know, I' I've learned to live with that on the stakeholder management thing. Yeah. Do you think that the reason why uh so many CEOs say that it's really lonely and then nobody really believes them until they get into the CEO job and then they realize it's really lonely is because again I don't know but you tell me. Is it because you feel like across all of these stakeholders there's just somebody you're always letting down? Yeah. Yeah. AB: Absolutely. And and um here's the thing, you cannot talk about it, right? Like when Well, you can't talk about it to your team. No, you can't talk about it to your board. No, you can't talk about it to another CEO because they don't have enough context on your business. Yeah. I mean, it is it is very very lonely. Now, I've been fortunate where, you know, um as we were doing all of this around COVID, we created like a CEO group and a network of of CEOs because we were all at home. we're all trying to navigate, you know, COVID, the pandemic and, you know, every possible, you know, twist and turn and I have a good network, but you're right, like even within that CEO network, they're not going through exactly what you're going through. And I think in almost every other role, you have a set of peers that are going through exactly what you're going through and you can have a conversation with them. But, you know, I love my team. I work with them every single day. But if there is a challenge with I don't know a member of the board or you know some something else I'm not going to go and like talk to them about it. So you're dealing with that and at the end of the day you know the uh you have to empower your teams and delegate you know work and they have to do it. But if something doesn't go well you are accountable. You're 100% accountable. And there are times where I've said to the board that this is on me. you know, something didn't go well, a bet didn't go well, or a change that we made didn't go well. I know who did it, and I'm giving them coaching, I'm giving them guidance, I'm giving them, you know, performance reviews, but it is on me. The accountability is on me. So, it is very lonely. You cannot talk about it. Can you talk to Brian? Like even like but like let me let me just like let me just let me let me ask you like he's been the CEO for 15 years. He founded the company. Yeah. There between him and his co-founder. Yeah. There's nobody that has more context on the business. Absolutely. But like doesn't deep down part of you say like I want him to view me as an independent and competent leader like like doesn't there isn't there some part of you that's like this is my thing now like I need to put my flavor on it. I can't show him all of my deepest and darkest insecurities because you know like I want him to feel like it's in good hands. Yes. I I mean and and it's not even my you know like it has been phenomenal to have Brian and DHS on you know during this whole part right and we do have these conversations and sometimes Brian will be like yeah that's a problem I've h I had that problem for 15 years so I'm like okay and he'll go I don't have an answer but you should know that I had the same problem and I'm like okay thank you that that is validating and that's helpful and then there are other times where he will say that he was like a startup up to scale up CEO and I'm trying to do scale up to grown-up company, right? And so my decisions might look very different than some of the decisions that he's made and I I need I would need for him to like trust me in making those decisions and that comes with you know time and so I think like uh it's it's lonely. Um it's the most challenging job I have ever done and I would call it more than a job. I you know it's like it's my life now. It's just it consumes everything you have in your life and you got to give it your 200%. There's no other way to do that. That makes sense. Is there a stakeholder that you feel like you let down the most? Like is there a stakeholder that you felt like, all right, I took my lumps on this one and I'm going to get better as a result. I didn't expect that. I I actually think that it would be employees, right? I mean and I would say this because um you know we've been you know fantastic in terms of like growth but then we talked about the challenges of 22 and then we talked about the challenges of like what happens when you pull forward demand you know for uh many years to come into like couple of years like you grow you don't have the systems uh I think employees were like we can't get work done because there's so much pull forward demand and and they didn't articulate it that way they said It's becoming harder to get work done at HubSpot. And true enough, of course, it is because we haven't built the company for the scale that we are now seeing as a company. And then, you know, we had to do a layoff. We we've done one layoff. We did it in January 2023. And you had to do it. I had to do it. And it it was uh look, I think, you know, looking back, we pulled the lever to slow down hiring in June 2022. And the earliest indicator that things were going down were April 2022. So from a reaction time standpoint, it was quick, but it was not hard enough. And we'd already hired all these people in 2021. And so I think it was a super hard decision to make. And um I think, you know, maybe rightfully so, I lost credibility as a leader to, you know, having taken that decision. It was of course everybody agreed the board agreed with me. Brian Dmish agreed with me but it was my decision and it you know you think you lost credibility in the eyes of the employees. Absolutely. Because you made a commitment to them that this is a great place for them, their families, their careers and you couldn't meet that commitment. Absolutely. Absolutely. And and some skittishness with everybody else like oh gez like new CEO here we go. Yeah. And uh absolutely lost credibility with employees and I've explained it to them. I think that uh I've I've given the context and uh I've showed that look everybody else is doing it like every every year and we've not and we really tried to kind of maint you know I always have this uh saying where I say like make new mistakes you know if you make a mistake learn deeply from it and try not to ever do that mistake and make new mistakes and so I think that's part of the learning but um absolutely lost credibility with employees and still trying to you know make that up and it's also the context of you know it's easy when everybody is winning is not so easy when you're going through downturns as we have gone through in the last couple of years and on top of that let's pivot to AI let's make a whole roadmap change and let's you know figure out how we're going to do work from home and trying to get the productivity up and so it's been you know fairly tumultuous and so um I I do think that we've we've doubled down on customers. We've uh kept that going. But yes, it's very hard to balance all all of that given the circumstances. Is sitting still difficult for you? Oh, absolutely. Like Yes. Yes. Like can you like veg out on a couch? No. No, I have not been able to veg out on a couch. Why not? Uh, you know, for me, uh, do you feel like you're wasting time? Yeah. The better part of like 20 years has been in sometimes on the couch, but reading, looking at like feeling like you're being productive. Yeah. Like always, you know, I don't think I have sat on the couch without my laptop in 20 years. Come on. I have not. I have not. Like I think that my my kids will now say like my my son who is going off to college and he's like mom I have four months with you and this is like at 11:00 in the night and be like can you just shut down the computer for 5 minutes and talk to me and I'm like yes yes I will and I do I try to do it but it's 11 at night and you know whole evening I'm sitting on the couch he's probably doing something there and and I can't do it like it's you know again it's one so exciting the industry is always been like this that like I I tell people don't join tech if you don't want change. If you want like a nine toive job in a you know status quo industry where your skills are kind of like improving 1% a year don't join this because this is like a vibrant industry. You're making changes all the time. You're constantly learning. And for me if I'm not learning you know I already have this like mental anxiety of I'm behind from where I came up. So I'm always like if I'm not learning I'm behind. Yeah. So, you feel like if you're not learning, you're just like you're completely wasting you're just wasting your time. Yeah. Yeah. But what happens if you want to like how do you slow down? Like is there such thing? I I I think of course there is such things. I think that for me this Do you feel the need to slow down? Meaning like do you need a break from something that gives you so much energy and excitement? I I I look I think that honestly it I do. So I'll say that my Saturdays are precious to me because it is really a time I uh my husband and I like go for a long walk. Um I do yoga, I do meditation. So those days are good. And then we take vacations, right? and we go on vacations and you know the first three four days I'm like okay you know totally I I can't like what's going on in the world and then the next seven days I actually get into it and whether it is you know going somewhere or going on a retreat whatever it is I I sink into that moment and then the last three days I'm like let me get back. Do you when on a Saturday do you not feel is that urge to check your email it's gone? No, it is gone because I will tell you what the alternate um when I did not do that when I didn't take breaks whether it was a vacation or you know my Saturday I uh got burnt out pretty quickly right like I would I would get into this place where I was like burning out by June July in a year I'd be like I'm so exhausted I can't like function and I also think that creativity actually slows down if you don't get thumb break and for me you know uh every evening I take like an hour uh either I'm doing yoga or doing some kind of like workout or walking or listening to music that is a break my stats are break so I have like inbuilt breaks and then I'll take like longer vacations and um but even in the in the vacations my idea of a good time is reading like a great book and it's that is my idea of a good time so yeah I'll put down the you know my laptop but I'm I'm reading like, you know, some and mostly I read like four books at a time because I don't have the patience to finish a book. Are you serious? I can't ever finish a book. So when you travel, you bring four books with you and and they're all physical. Like this is my old You can't of course you can't use a Kindle. I mean Kindle doesn't mean I don't like it either. I don't know. I've never I I read a lot, you know, of magazines and articles online, but I think like for me a book is like a physical book and I sit there and it to me you actually packed four books with you. Oh, yeah. And then you read them concurrently. Yeah. I Yeah. Like you'll read a chapter, you be like, "All right, I'm done with this for now." You go to another book, you read a different I parallel read. I I'm But but don't you think that some of these business books, you read two chapters and then you're kind of like, I got it. And then the next, you know, eight chapters are like proving two points from the first two chapters. And you're like, that's fair. And are they all business books? No. Like some of them are business books. Some of them are like super dense. Like I've been trying to read um Goodell Echerbach. Have you read this? No, but even just the name makes me think I'm probably not qualified. I I I myself I'm not qualified. So this book I can maybe read 10 pages at a time. It is uh math uh its architecture and music and the commonality across all of this. And it's beautifully written but very intense. And I can only read 10 pages at a time. And then I'm reading Sapiens, you know, and I'm I'm on like probably chapter five now of of that, and I can only read one chapter at a time. No. Yeah. No. Yeah. Me neither. I I used to I tried. I I try, but no, I can't. I uh I uh I used to feel like I had to finish books just like out of like a commitment, you know, like I started a book, I got to finish it. And uh it was Naval. I don't know. I don't know Naval. I just heard him on a podcast talking about how he's like, "I never finish books." Like, I never feel pressure to finish books. I go back to books, they come, I highlight books, I go, he's like, "But if I don't feel like I want to finish a book, I move on to the next one." Because he's like, "That's when you stop reading is when you feel like you have to finish a book. It's sitting on your bedside table." And you're like, "Don't give yourself permission to go to the next book because you're like, "No, I got to finish this book." Then you just stop reading because you'd rather just not read the shitty book you're reading. Totally. And this is why I've given the permission and and you know I just love love love books. In fact like when I was growing up I was in this you know small town and I still remember the librarian in my town saying uh your daughter and I would not even go to the library. I'd ask my mom to bring these like I'd write down titles and my mom would bring it and I would be reading it and this was my introverted self back then and the librarian once said your daughter has read every book in this library. Please don't come here. My mom it's like she said that you've read every book in the library. Like this was my window into the world. This is like what cost me like you know all of the curiosity about the world. And so for me the best idea of a Saturday is like a long walk, a little bit of like yoga and a book and one chapter of the book, not more. That is awesome. I really appreciate you doing this. Thank you. I really do. You're wonderful. Thank you. Are you hiring? Yes, absolutely. Any key roles? Any R&D sales? Okay. We want to build product, we want to sell product. Okay. Yes, absolutely. We are continuing to hire them. Um, and when you hear the word grit, what do you think of? I think of uh the intentional choices I have made and the resilience to follow through with those intentional choices. You know, coming to America was an intentional choice. is being an engineer you know back in the 80s 90s in India was an intentional choice. Uh going to sales and trying to make it in sales was an intentional choice. And so I think for me it is making intentional choices that might not always be conventional wisdom and having the resilience to see it through. Um every everything that we do in life there will be good days and bad days. There will be great highs and low lows. And everything has to start with having the resilience to see what you want to accomplish in that. And so that's what, you know, grit has been for me. I can't wait to see what choices you make, what what choices you make next. Thank you, Joan. Thank you. Thank you so much. Such a pleasure to connect with you. That's it for now. If you like the episode, please leave us a review or go back into the archives where we've done more than 200 episodes with some fantastic folks. This podcast is a Kleiner Perkins production and I'm Juben. Thanks for listening. [Music]
