---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: HUBS
title: "Is AI Killing HubSpot? - Hubspot (Hubs) Stock Analysis (The 70% Crash Explained)"
channel: "EagleEye Stocks"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: cQpyFUTnU9g
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQpyFUTnU9g
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Is AI Killing HubSpot? - Hubspot (Hubs) Stock Analysis (The 70% Crash Explained)

**Channel**: EagleEye Stocks  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQpyFUTnU9g

## Transcript

HubSpot has fallen over 70% from its top and the question is should you buy sell or hold stock HubSpot exactly what we're talking about today and also an important question if AI is reading eating software and therefore also HubSpot or is this a massive opportunity to buy the stocks is exactly what we're talking about today talking about deep in the data also in the earnings and different scenarios and outlook that can happen in my final prediction for these stocks so stay tuned we Start with the main question if AI is really eating software and therefore also HubSpot as you know not only HubSpot also Salesforce, Microsoft and other big software companies had massive decreased and uh are facing yeah issues and warnings about analysts um if this software is really um yeah um for the future and why should be careful trying to buy the dip too early and so on. That's the question and uh I think that AI can definitely can definitely replace some software. The question is is Hopspot also um when you take a look at Habspot um you see the product right is it CRM system right where you can uh you know have the leads uh call them email them and so on and several different prices but the question is do you want a CRM made by AI do you want to save their time or is it actually important to have the contact data because all the CRM system is based on data and you want to lose or risk the data of all your customers due to an AI which is not uh safe and not um yeah you have actually no one who can help you because AI is just um thinking and cannot reverse things and so on. So this is crucial I think HubSpot can have for some small companies that don't want to spend millions and but for the actually big companies I feel this still want a CRM made by humans um and uh despite the fact that also some insider sold their position in the third quarter and guess what for the third quarter they fell absolutely massively as we saw here over 70% since uh the first quarter almost so insider wide. But what people are not talking about is also um topspot stocks are bought from some insiders and also from not really insiders primarily hedge fund managers as you can see here. We have here um the hedge fund manager and they place their bets as you can see here are buying Brian Heligan, Hyperlink, CSC filling, Erica Alishia and so on. So um we have um after the quart after the fourth quarter we had some we went up but then we went down and down and down and down some almost 70% um decline raise and is this is this fair right when we took the earnings with actually in the third quarter good earnings we beat them by 10 cent also beat the EPSA actual and the revenue um so this is actually a good sign um the depth will get lower. As you can see here, we uh will go in the profit zone and uh has almost uh no more depth and we have also really really good growth rates. Um I mean last year we had a decline. Um we we grow every single year and next year we HubSpot is facing 28% growth which is really really good. also 21% in 2728. This would be absolutely good if they hit that right because the 2026 is 23 and 2027 EPS um price earning ratio is 20 which is not really really high for a stock which grows over you know 20%. When you compare this to Apple, right? Like compare this to Apple. Apple has currently a price earning ratio of 40 and uh will grow less than 15% over the next years and HubSpot is growing over 20%. But so the market is actually not trusting HubSpot that they will um go higher that the business that they implemented. I was actually was interesting is that um they went up um after the earnings because they implemented AI that's why we had also here a bit uh you know on the third quarter I think this was in February we went up oops we went oh my god oh no I don't want accidential petroleum And that's why we also went up in February as you can see here. And um we went up pretty massive but then had a big big decline. And uh so let's come to um final outlook for these stocks. So the growth rates are actually impressive over year. We had really really bad um yeartoyear um rented but um as you can see here the earnings are good. The earnings will continue and I think the market is overestimating this whole AI issue because I think CRM will definitely um be still be there. HubSpot will implement AI and I think they will profit also from that fact because they can all cut this customer support and so on. So uh I think that's underrated and um as you can see here technically it looks also really really interesting but also really threatening. As you can see here we have almost something similar as we had in 2020 to 23. We had first a massive increase and then a massive loss. Right? So we went really really down and also here at this time we went up as down 70%. um as here and afterwards we went up also and went down. But I think when you take a look over the next years um we will definitely um have um yeah a company which is profitable with high margins. As you can see here the margins are really really really good. 83% gross profit margin that is impressive and uh as long as they have all under control and they won't lose so many clients they have good chances. It's really really crucial that uh we prevail on this line otherwise we could fall down up to $170 US. Um we're currently around um you know 290 um USD but as you can see here this support line is really really crucial and uh we're tipping on that. We're tipping on that. As I said, I said in the video earlier, do not buy in a falling knife, right? We have a big big massive downtrend and as we still don't go through that, I won't buy the stock. I won't buy the stock. I will potentially buy the stock. Uh when the May they have also another good earnings for the next earning, then I will absolutely bullish because that means that the market was wrong. And um as you can see here, if we go up to $400, which is still a long way to go, I think we have potential up to $600 because we have also the potential that HubSpot can be bought by a company like Alphabet. That's why they also went up so massively, right? Um so that's also interesting. We can go up. So I would buy if this um down downtrend is um yeah is finished. So maybe something between 350 or 400 USD and uh if the earnings and the outlooks keep improving definitely a buy otherwise I would be really really not uh buying in a fallen knife. So this is on my watch list but I won't buy today. I think the micro is underestimating the chances of implementing AI, reducing costs, getting better margins, and um implementing AI. So stay tuned. I see you guys in the next video. Like it, subscribe.
