---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: HUBS
title: "$11B CEO: The Great Career Reset in the Age of AI | Yamini Rangan, HubSpot CEO"
channel: "Silicon Valley Girl"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: lVV0HInr0ZY
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVV0HInr0ZY
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# $11B CEO: The Great Career Reset in the Age of AI | Yamini Rangan, HubSpot CEO

**Channel**: Silicon Valley Girl  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVV0HInr0ZY

## Transcript

Today with AI, there is no map. So you have to get comfortable with being an explorer. >> This is Yam, CEO of HubSpot, a $30 billion company. She arrived in the US in her 20s with a few hundred in her pocket. And now she's running one of the most powerful tech companies in the world. >> You know, you land in Silicon Valley, which is mostly male, right? I still feel it. I go into some rooms and I'm like, can I do this? She navigated her way in a dotcom crush. >> First day of my job, they laid off half the class. >> Years later, she joined HubSpot and almost immediately everything breaks at once. Co hits and a year later, the founder and CEO, Brian Halagan, had a snowmobile accident >> and he called me from the hospital and he was like, "Look, I need time to recover, so just run the company." I was like, "Really? What what do I do?" And he's like, "Don't screw it up." she steps in to run the company. >> A lot of people think functionally. I started in sales. Now I'm going to become a senior manager and then I'll become a director. That is great if you want to be just in a function. But sometimes things that got us here are not enough for us to get to our path forward. Can you give advice to someone who feel like they've plateaued in their career? What is the one thing that they should change right now to start growing? Okay, first off, >> this video is sponsored by HubSpot. Yemen, you have an amazing story. You arrived in the US in your 20s with a few hundred in your pocket. >> Now you're running a multi-billion dollar company as a CEO. For anyone who doesn't know you, can you talk about your background and career shortly? >> Yeah, I grew up in India and uh family of uh you know, two girls. I know you have two girls. We grew up in a super small town, so we should not have, you know, been dreaming big, but my mom was just, you know, amazing. And she really uh helped us think beyond our little town, our little school. The school didn't go all the way till, you know, 12th. So, she moved to a different city to make sure that we got an education. And look, I think Marina, if someone takes you seriously, you begin to take yourself very seriously. And so, that was a huge thing. So the rest of the story is I did come here after my undergrad in electronics engineering. I came here I did a master's in computer engineering worked as an engineer for a handful of years and then I was still searching for something. I was like ah this is this is not the thing and I want to do something more. And so you know as everybody who doesn't quite know exactly what they want to do I went to business school. >> Oh yeah. And I went to business school here in Berkeley and um I graduated literally at the worst time uh because it was right after bust. My first job after business school was Sevil Systems. The first day of my job they laid off half the class and then they said they somehow looked at me and said you should be in sales and I was like sales okay I have no idea what I will be doing but that's how I got started in sales and then the next decade was uh at companies like workday and Dropbox which was incredible experience of being very crossunctional in nature so I went from sales to sales strategy and operations and then marketing and customer success and then I landed at hubs spot in 2020 and it was crazy times but I will tell you that that's nutshell my career started as an engineer went into sales and then went into multiple customerf facing roles and have just enjoyed every bit of it >> I love it I love that you changed so many roles and positions in companies especially as an immigrant can you walk me through like one of the hardest transitions that you had to make and what was your mindset back then like yeah I'm going to quit this company and do this >> well um minds set is a really important you know kind of like word because you have to have a growth oriented mindset to figure things out. I mean here I was newly minted MBA and I was in the sales organization. I had like a quota and you know Marina I looked around the room and there were not that many Asian women in the sales organization at that time. And uh initially I kind of like looked at that and I said uh who's the successful person here and how do I kind of become them? Turns out they were all men playing golf and uh they were incredible at their job but they were also exceptionally extroverted and they had like a method about that and I was like you know I'm a engineer introverted Asian woman and I'm like I'm going to try that. So I tried the their approach right of trying to sound extroverted not you know trying to play golf trying to learn sports none of that worked for me so I was like you know what this is not what I'm going to do so I there was a moment where I I decided I'm so bad at what others are doing so naturally so let me do what comes naturally for me >> and for me I was analytical I was a deep thinker you uh I liked businesses. I was curious about people's businesses, people's careers. And so I said, you know what, I'm going to really be the kind of person who asks deep questions about the the company and their business and what they want to accomplish. So that was a big shift and I started enjoying it because it was tapping into what I was naturally inclined to versus trying to find someone else's playbook. and pretty early in my career where I said, you know what, I need to stand out as myself authentically versus trying to fit into this room, fit into what others are doing. And I think it was a huge lesson. I've taken it forward. >> I It's amazing and it's such a great lesson for everyone listening because happened to me as well. You know, you land in Silicon Valley, which is mostly male, right? Still mostly men. You're like, >> do I fit? Can I do it like them? Do you still get this feeling ever like when you walk in the water? >> I still feel it. I go into some rooms and I'm like, can I do this? And that is natural. Uh, and I think that it's it's healthy even because it actually pushes you not to just sit in the doubt and uncertainty, but to find a path forward. And the way I found it works is instead of saying can I do this you know can I crack this particular project or initiative or role or a new company that I'm part of I always start about look at the future and create the future that I want. So I always think like 3 years you know from now and I say okay what should I be really happy to have accomplished and let me work backwards from that. So then it stops this feeling of can I do it and really focuses you on exactly what you're trying to accomplish. Then you map all your actions and where you spend time and what you are really prioritizing towards those actions and then all the doubts kind of go away. But you know the thing is it never goes away. >> Yeah. It's just basically focusing on your long-term goals and focusing on them versus comparing yourself >> comparing or feeling like your past. You know, the biggest learning for me was don't look at your past to predict what you want to do in the future. Look at the future to create the kind of patterns that you want right now. >> Interesting. Do you ever have a feeling like, oh, my past is what got me here? Yeah. So, if I change, I might not be as successful because I I don't know like I grinded, I did this, this, and that. >> Yes. Uh but sometimes you know things that got us here are not enough for us to get to our path forward. So there are times when if you just look at your past playbook and things that have worked for you, it's not enough. It's not enough to where you're going. And so there are times when past is just limiting. Um there are times when past will just you know only add doubts to your capabilities not energy towards something that you want to create and so for me it's it's I don't lose lessons from the past but I also don't just bank on the past for my future success you just create it you just create it and you put your intent and the set of actions and to me it's super practical Marina uh I do have what I want to accomplish you know in three and I update it every year. At the end of the year, I'm kind of like reflecting on where I made progress and I write it and I have like top three goals and mostly during the year I'm looking at those goals on a weekly basis and you know does my calendar reflect those priorities? Am I actually spending the time improving my skill set to get to those priorities? So it's actually very practical in the in terms of where I'm looking to go and you know really puts away all this doubt and you know the way we get limited by just kind of what we have accomplished in the past. >> That's amazing. I think that's a great tip for a lot of immigrants. We're like I've done this in my country but it's not going to work here cuz it's different. And then Yemen you've done so many different things. You've done sales, you've done strategy, customer success. How do you convince someone you're good at something you haven't done before like with sales, right? >> Yeah. I think I had doubts like any 20some, 30ome would have. I had like a lot of doubts. I started in sales and I did that for almost a decade. Marina then I had two kids and both of them were under three and we had two careers in the family both crazy and I'm like this is not sustainable. uh so what can I do with my skill set of what I have done in the last like decade then it was like strategy and operations because I understand you know being in front of customers I understand how customers think negotiate buy and now I can use that to kind of like uh help companies scale and where do you put in the right resources how do you support salespeople I can do all of that those and so that pitch was easy once I did that uh then I found that connecting the dots was just exceptionally important as a skill and what I mean by that is a lot of people think functionally I started in sales now I'm going to become a senior manager and then I'll become a director and then I'll become a senior director and they're kind of like going through that is great if you want to be just in a function what is also fascinating is if you can connect the dots across multiple functions in strategy and operations I learned how important marketing and sales interlocking on their strategies was. And so I helped marketing teams, you know, talk to sales teams to come up with common strategies. So I think later in my career I was able to like connect the dots um and bring insights that teams were generally missing being in silos and the ability to connect dots and you know I call it the T-zone leader go deep in a couple of functions and go broad across multiple functions and you have to have some functional orientation to have depth but then later on in your career it's all about being a T-zone leader connecting the dots across multiple functions. Really solving first for the customer, you know, not even for your function or your company, first for the customer, then for the company, then for your function, and then for yourself. And if you have that mental model, then new roles open up and new opportunities open up. This is fascinating the shift you talked about like how you thought, okay, I want a sustainable career to have a family. Did you ever have regrets that because you're now a mom, you have to go through this change? >> Yes, >> of course. >> So, that transition didn't happen easily, right? >> I mean, we all have doubts. I mean, >> you know, looking back, you can see the things that worked and the things that didn't work. >> For now, it looks like such a good strategic move, right? >> Oh, yeah. But at that time, I was like, why is it that I am the one who has to, you know, take a backseat? Why is it maybe like these people who are just, you know, still doing sales, they're going to like progress and you know, you you're trying to figure your life and you don't know if all of the decisions you make are actually going to add up to something good. And >> this is the thing in about being in your 20s and 30s is that um you have to have a certain set of principles of what you want to do. I do think that um I wanted to be there for my family. I wanted to be there for uh my kids and be part of the time that I was spending in front in with them. At the same time, I didn't know it was going to play out. And I had regrets along the way of am I doing this right thing? You know, is this the right move for me? And you don't know. And um a little bit of uncertainty is what you'll have to live with as a mom, as a career professional. navigating multiple careers and multiple kids. You just have to navigate that and it's hard. Don't assume that people know exactly what they're doing. It's kind of okay if you don't know every bet that you make. Um, as long as you know what your priorities are at any given point and you have a way of sorting through what those priorities are, that can ground you. Uh, but you don't know if it's all going to lead to anything. You know, >> Yamini is talking about the importance of reinvention and navigating uncertainty in your career. And let's be real, the biggest source of uncertainty right now is AI. If you want to reinvent yourself for this new era and ensure you thrive as an AI operator rather than getting left behind, you need to check out this ebook bundle named Inside HubSpot's AI stack, the big three LLMs at work. It's basically a practical guide to the three major models right now. ChatGpt, Claude, and Google Gemini. I've put it in the description for you to download for free. This bundle is your toolkit for income and business growth. It helps you move from just playing around with AI to building true operational leverage. You'll learn how to turn AI into your personal executive assistant, visualize complex data to make better decisions, and solve strategic problems faster. I personally found two sections to be real game changers. The AI as your executive assistance sections shows how to automate your busy work like tracking meeting follow-up so you can focus on highlevel strategy. And the interactive dashboard sections show you how to turn raw data into visual insights without needing a data science degree. This ebook bundle was made by HubSpot, who's obviously the perfect partner for this conversation. a big shout out to them for this free resource. And now let's get back to Yam on how she led HubSpot through the crisis and it all played out well for you, right? Um so you became the CEO of HubSpot first interim, then permanent CEO. What do you think made the board say she's the one? >> I don't know. Uh but but here's here's what I will give you about that journey. So I joined uh HubSpot in January 2020 and uh initially Brian Halagan who's was the uh CEO at that point he's the co-founder of the company incredible mentor you initially he was like take all your time you know take your time talk to customers you don't need to make any changes March 2020 hit you know what March 2020 was it was obviously the world shutdown but also for smallmedium businesses that is uh the our customer base that we were serving so much uncertainty and so much churn and we started seeing customers like didn't know what to do so they were like stopping their businesses businesses bent out bankruptcy all of this stuff and he looked at me and he's like do something you know and I need something that we can go and talk to our board about I pulled our team together we had a great leadership team within the goto market organization that's the team that I was leading and I I said okay we're going to meet every day for a couple of times a day, morning and evening. And I want all of your best ideas and any crazy idea that you would never have done before because it was not the time or we couldn't have pushed it, let's just do it. And so we started making all these crazy ideas and the list was Marina really crazy. It was take your product and cut the price by 75% and give it away to customers because they all need digital tools. Mhm. >> take features that were pretty expensive and move it to free because now customers needed to use digital marketing. They needed to do inside sales and they needed to support digitally. Um so we did all of that. So we went to the board and we said uh we're going to cut the price by 75%. We're going to take a lot of features and move it to free tier and then we're going to create a fund for customers and call it the customer relief fund. And anybody who feels like they cannot pay for the next 6 to9 months, we're just going to give them the benefit of doubt and we're going to use this customer relief fund to help support them. >> And the board said, "Okay, how are you going to get this money back?" I literally said to them, "I don't know." >> Yeah, >> this is the first time. But I'll tell you what, we've always said our northstar is solving for the customer. Our customers are really at this point where they don't know what to do. And we're just going to help. and we hope that goodwill will pay something forward and it did. So March was terrible, April was terrible, May was terrible. Towards the end of May, people started buying and then June, second half of 2020, everybody wanted to get digital tools to market, sell, support, and reach their customers. People who didn't have websites needed websites. 2020 and 2021 it was just massive acceleration and so you asked this question. So Brian did have um you know unfortunate snowmobile accident in March 2021 >> and he called me from the hospital and he was like look I need time to recover so just run the company. And I was like really what what do I do? And he's like don't screw it up. Oh, no pressure. Just don't screw it up and and don't call me because I really need to recover and he he did need the time. And frankly, >> I think that doing the right thing for customers and making some bold calls >> where you don't know the answer, but you have high conviction on the path. >> I think that worked. And so by the time Brian came back in August, I'd done this for for a little while. And I I would say that if I asked him now, if I asked the board, they would say that you took bold actions and those actions turned out to be the right thing for the customer and was the right thing for HubSpot. And so we built enough confidence that you can continue to execute. And so um yeah, it comes down to do you have a northstar >> priority principle? Yes. a set of principles that you can count you know on yourself to make the decisions and can you do it you know if you need to make a decision 5 minutes 5 days you know quickly can you use those first principles to make the decisions and then do you can you take a little bit of risk to you know have a point of view and then really make that happen and if you can do those then opportunities do open up I'm super grateful It's it's just a privilege to lead a company like HubSpot. Um since then >> it's again like going back to your principles having a north star having big goal in mind and acting from it. Y >> so from the operational standpoint being this AI first company what does it mean >> from for your day-to-day? >> I do think that because of AI we are building things differently. We are selling and providing services to customers differently and we are working differently this year and we're talking in 2025. This year you know 95% of the codes that our engineering teams have committed came with AI assistant. So compare that to 2023 we were actually writing code. So it requires a pretty big shift both a cultural shift and a technology shift in terms of how we build products and that is the shift that we have made and then how do we market sell and support customers a lot of the prospecting that we do is with intent data as well as AI intelligence our reps when they go and talk to our customers they have intelligence of the past 100 conversations they've had similar customers they've talked to, what objections they should expect, who they're talking to, all of that is within their fingertips. And so we've really changed how we interact with customers and then how we work internally. When we think about work, we think about what can be automated with AI, what can augment the productivity of teams and how can we do things better. And so look, I think you know somewhere last year there was just this debate of AI is all about efficiency. It's going to like cut jobs and it's all about efficiency. We at HubSpot had a very different view. We said this is the way of the future which means that every Hubspotter needs to learn and we need to use these tools ourselves. We need to experiment with a lot of these tools so that we can have high conviction when we communicate with customers. So it was more of a let's inspire the team to learn. Yeah. >> And therefore serve customers better. And I tell you like >> the people send me slacks with uh here's what I created and here's a demo and they're actually excited about learning. And when you create that culture of learning and growing and uh experimenting then get the AI first or AI native. You've really changed the way you work and that is what is important right now. >> Yeah. And I like how you noted that and I'm feeling this now like last year all the headlines were like AI is taking your job. Now we're like we've used the tools, right? It's not really taking our job. It's making it easier. It's making us more effective. context, >> but I haven't seen a job end to end without me having to check or having my team like >> totally totally I mean 2 years ago I you know come from San Francisco airport all the way to home they'll be like hire AI agent >> I think it's still somewhere around but less have you I I have >> it's less right it's less and now you know our perspective has been future is hybrid >> it's going to be humans and agents in the loop taking all the intelligence that agents and AI can deliver making ourselves much more productive and doing higher value work and when we do that the overall productivity within the organization goes up but we're also able to translate that into wins for customers and so we're believers in the future is hybrid with humans and AI in the loop >> 100% yeah and I remember the the billboard say said um stop hiring humans hire something like Exactly. >> Startup. >> I have a picture of it. I took a picture. >> Yeah, I have multiple pictures that my audience was freaking out when they saw this. Um, if you were advising an entrepreneur right now, what would you tell about like one feature, one AI feature they have to integrate in their processes to feel this amazing power of AI? >> So, the advice I would give is do not start with an AI feature. >> Start with your business. Mhm. >> What is the biggest problem that you are trying to solve? Start with that and why have you not been able to solve it? And when you start with that, then you identify the right use cases to leverage AI. >> What is happening in is that people are like, oh, use AI for this and use AI for that. And when I have customer conversations, I always ask them, um, next year you're looking to grow. what is the biggest obstacle for you to grow? And they will say something like, "We don't have enough top offunnel leads." Great, use AI. That's your prompt >> to generate >> top offunnel leads with better personalization. That's the place to start. Or they'll say, "I have hired enough salespeople. They're just not productive, and I want to make them efficient, and the deal process is broken. I don't have enough visibility." Start there. use prospecting to be able to improve the level of intent information you can get so that your reps can reach out to more accounts at the right time. So my push is if you're an entrepreneur, if you're a builder, if you are, you know, driving a company strategy, start with the biggest problems and then look for AI features and opportunities. Don't do it the other way. >> Yeah. because otherwise you just spend hours and hours trying different tools without really understanding what the the KPI should be, right? What's the metric? What makes this tool successful if it's not solving a real problem? So start with a problem. Love that. >> So when you're hiring these days in the AI era, what are the two to three skills that you're looking for in a candidate? >> Yeah. Uh it has changed pretty dramatically. And the way I would frame it, we are looking for explorers. And I'll tell you what that means. You know, I think there's a fundamental shift that's happening with AI where not everybody knows exactly how to go from point A to point B. You know, if you knew exactly and think about them as map readers, right? You know exactly what point A is, point B is, you read the map because someone has figured out the path and you follow the directions and you get there. That is what we were doing because you had playbooks that worked and you were, you know, really clear about following the playbook. Today with AI, there is no map. So you have to get comfortable with being an explorer and there are a few skill sets that are important. The first one is that you have to have almost a scientist mindset and I look for people who are comfortable experimenting and having a hypothesis proving if the hypothesis is right or wrong versus saying there is a set path right like experimentation moving quickly having a hypothesis and proving whether you're right or wrong that is like skill number one and I look for examples of when they have done it or how they have comfort around it that's like number one thing that I Look for the second is just this passion and curiosity to go deep in the work. What is happening is that in order for AI to be effective, you got to be close to the ground. You have to know what parts of the workflow are broken. What parts of the workflow can actually get value from AI and you got to get like really close to the ground, you know, and I talk to customers, but we also do a gamma walks. We look at like how people are using different technology. I'm looking for people like that who are very close to the ground, close to the process, who can actually make changes. That's the second one. And then the third is really what you know I would say um as just curiosity and customer orientation. Again, my focus has been don't forget about AI, use it to solve something for your customer. So, can you be super curious and ask the right questions of you know your customers to get the right thing? And if you have the ability to experiment, the ability to stay close to work, the ability to stay curious, then you're actually going to thrive in the world of AI. If you are stuck with your playbook, if you are very comfortable with going from point A to point B in a path that someone else has prescribed, then you're just not going to be successful in the world of AI. That's what I'm looking for. Yeah, totally. Do do you feel like you're still looking at their education or it's less important now? >> I mean, no, I I don't think I have ever looked at just education because that's just one thing, right? And it is it's important to be like technically qualified. You know, if you're building product, you need to have the the basic capacity and everything, but education is just part of the picture. It's all of these intangibles that I'm looking for. >> Yeah. Do you still feel people should pursue higher education or >> you know what this is a very controversial topic I'm all in on education? >> Yeah. >> And so I just dropped my son in freshman in college >> as he was about to go about like four years ago. He said I want to do computer science and math. And he stuck to it and so he's studying computer science and math. And all of our friends were like that is such a wrong you know thing. you shouldn't be sending him to study computer science and coding is gone. And I was like, >> "Yeah, but who said computer science or math or any of this is about a skill of coding? >> It is how you think. >> It is how you learn. It's how you break down problems." And you know, interestingly, when I graduated from business school, now I'm dating myself multiple decades ago, there was no job called chief customer officer. That's what I eventually ended up becoming. There was no job. So every decade as things evolve, new jobs will evolve. You can't even plan for a job that's going to be there 10 years from now, 20 years from now, >> even two years, >> two years from now. >> But what you can is learn how to think, >> learn how to break down problems and solve problems and learn how to ask questions. And if you can do those things, then you know, education is really worthwhile. And that's kind of like I told my son, "Yep, you you should do all of this, whatever you want." But also go deep. If he ends up wanting to do like a graduate program or even go deeper, uh I'd be all in for that. Just go deeper into an area rather than spread yourself. >> Just go explore and learn how to learn. >> Exactly. >> Exactly. Quick pause here. If you're enjoying this podcast, you will absolutely love my inner circle newsletter. So what I basically do is I take all the tips from these podcasts and I apply them to my personal life, to my investment portfolio, and to my businesses, this media company and my language teaching business. Sometimes we get amazing results and I share our real tactics. Sometimes we don't, and I share that, too. Think of it as an insider version of this podcast. The link is in the description. Join my free newsletter to stay ahead. Is there a decision making rule that you follow as a CEO that someone could learn from you? That's a difficult one. It really um first of all in in a role as a CEO in a role as a you know seuite leader only the most difficult decisions come to you. Sometimes people who are like early in their you know leadership career or you know in the sea suite they're like oh my god these are all tough problems. I'm like guess what yes >> yeah that's your job. >> Really tough problems come to come to you. I do think that you have to have some set of principles that you kind of look for in in our case at HubSpot and certainly in my personal philosophy it's always having a northstar for the customer. That has been one. Um, I think the second probably is, you know, balancing short-term versus long-term, which a lot of leaders find exceptionally hard to do. And you have to be able to like balance short-term versus like long-term decision- making. And you have to be able to set a vision for slightly long-term. And there is it's a balance. I don't think it's an easy decision-making framework. It is a balance of uh some things you have to do that give results immediately. some things you have to have the foresight to see how it'll play out over the next couple of years and your job is to balance both. >> It's it's interesting but also like making decisions where when there's so much fear right when it came to co right the the lockdown and then AI any anything that like calms you down or like is is that the north star you would say? >> First of all operating from fear is never a good place to operate from. you will make poor decisions. Um operating from principles being grounded you know in certain set of principles but also certain ways in which you operate with you know enough peaks and valleys that is important. So I think like for me I do think that clear breaks where I'm thinking about something else is important. You know how they talk about peak performance >> of athletes when you are in flow when you are in peak performance. The thing that people don't talk about is that they have a period of deep rest. And you can't operate in peak performance. You cannot be operating in uh peak decision making skill set without having clear ways of grounding. For me it is like rituals that I have like you know every evening between 5:30 and 6:30 I take an hour off and I listen to music I listen to podcast I listen to something that is not related directly to my work and that disconnects and then I do take you know clear breaks you know whether it is vacations with family or something but I think we underestimate the impact of things that ground >> we do especially as immigrants because we all want to work harder and get to the next thing, >> but you got to recognize that peak performance comes through peak values of rest. And you know, and you have to be able to do both. And for me, >> those practices have grounded myself. I mean, I make better decisions when I get seven hours of sleep, you know. I I make better decisions when I've had some level of clarity after I do yoga or meditation. And those are as important as the days that I spend grinding, you know. >> I love it. Yeah. When if someone listening to this and is also like I want to ask you this question because you talked a lot about principles, how do you come up with them? What questions do you ask yourself? Do you have like any any questions in mind that you should ask yourself to come up with a set of principles to make those decisions better? >> It's a it's a really good question. I think for me practice of reflection has worked where over the years I've always been introspective um somewhat critical of myself probably the most critical of myself and as I reflect and you know I'm super critical of myself I always am like what did I learn from this and what would I do differently and I use every year as a reflection period to say what did I learn and what would I takeaway and over a period if there's a pattern emerging that every decision if you put your customer at the top it's always going to be the right one that comes because you're reflecting on things that worked and things that didn't work and for me having a practice of introspection and really thinking about what did I learn from this year's experience what worked what didn't work what would I take forward from here that has revealed you know patterns both small in terms of like making, you know, quick decisions within the business, but also fairly large principled, you know, decisions. >> I love it. That's that's awesome. Uh, and I feel like you can also use AI for that. I've been using AI to just I' I've been brainstorming a lot of decisions with AI. >> Yeah. >> And now I can just ask questions. If you could give me advice uh six months ago, what would it be based on all the problems that I experienced and tried to solve with you? And it was super clear. That's awesome. >> This is what you prioritize. this is what you struggle with. Yeah. This is what you should be doing. >> There you go. I haven't, you know, I've kind of created a personal style, you know, for AI where I talk about the tone and what my values are. Uh even when I write, I'm like, you know, I don't want any fluff. I want direct candid communication. The communication needs to feel human. You know, no offense, AI. I don't want like >> random fluffy words. And I give all of that and I think over time it learns. But you know now I'm curious. I'm going to try and use a lot more of my principles as we make through make decisions. >> Yeah. I learned this from Mustafa Sullean. He tells me that every night uh he talks to his AI just like reflecting on his day. So basically documenting but with AI and this way AI understands the decision-m process what makes him sad what makes him happy. So the next time he has a question, AI already comes up with anecdotes from the past like, oh, you did this, you felt that, >> so here's how you should probably tackle this. I think it's genius. >> I love it. I love it. I try and do the reflections, but not daily. That's a great practice. And you could probably do it in like five minutes, >> even if it's weekly, right? If if it's some decision- making with AI, I think it's it's a great practice. >> I love it. Can you give advice to someone or to yourself, a 21-year-old self arriving in the US but in the AI era? >> Okay, first off, I'm happy that I arrived when I did because there is a lot to sort through right now. Which careers are going to survive? Which ones are not? What jobs? What should I study? And you know, are the entry level jobs going to go away? There's just a lot of uncertainty right now. So, I'm actually glad that I came here in uh in the 90s when I did and I've learned so much and but on the on the advice like you know I do think that we started the conversation Marina about feeling uncertain about decisions and carrying a lot of anxiety about the future. I mean, you come here as a first generation immigrant and you come here as a woman and you look at the rooms that you're in and there's just a tremendous amount of am I going to make it, you know, is this decision right? Uh am I headed in the right way? there's just daily anxiety and I would calm myself down if I could to go back and be like you will have some level of anxiety but just like you know enjoy the journey a lot more and if you have certain principles that you use in your decision-m process you're going to be fine >> and I think there was just a lot more anxiety in me you know uh early in my career and I would say you know what life will work it work itself out >> yeah yeah trust yourself basically, right? Because we don't have a lot of trust in ourselves, especially in our 20s. >> That's right. >> Yeah, >> that's right. >> My last question would be, >> okay, >> can you talk to people who feel like they've plateaued in their career or in their business? What is the one thing that they should change right now to start growing? >> Ask yourself five wise. Why have you plateaued? Why is something not working for you? Why? Ask five questions of you know why why why and be curious about what is the reason >> and that is what is going to lead you to something you know uh incremental from where you are. A lot of times people take superficial answers both of themselves and of our business and they wallow in, you know, where they are stuck at instead of really digging deep and trying to get to the bottom of why am I in this plateau? Well, because uh I don't know what to do with my job. Why, you know, is that job feeling like you're stuck? Well, because I'm not learning as much. Why am I not learning as much? Because I don't have the right problems to focus on. Why do you not have the right problems to focus on? Something like go deeper and deeper into the why. And the answer will be right there and the answer is going to be part of you digging deep and understanding why you're stuck and being honest about those answers. Sometimes we don't want to hear the answers. You might be running in a business which is probably going nowhere because there is no market. Sometimes we don't want to take that honest answer that we know in our mind, we know in our gut is the honest answer. We don't want to take it. But you got to have the stomach to take that and then make the change that that is needed whether it's personally or for your business. >> Yeah. And maybe you dig deeper and you realize your career has nothing to do with your principles or your northstar. >> Yes. Exactly. Exactly. >> Thank you so much, Yin. This was so insightful. I feel like I've learned a lot. The thing that I'm going to do after this interview, I'm going to talk to my AI about my principles. We need to figure them out and like set the goals for the next three years. >> There you go. Thank you very much. Really appreciate this conversation. Thank you.
