---
ticker: SE
type: podcast_transcript
title: "BI Weekend: Nike, Carnival Earnings, EA Sale"
podcast: ""
date: 2025-10-03
audio_url: https://podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/tracking.swap.fm/track/UVBrz8bN8aM2Xe47PEPu/traffic.omny.fm/d/clips/e73c998e-6e60-432f-8610-ae210140c5b1/7f534b8c-9e91-429a-b102-ae3c00090c6d/982d0c75-3d1c-4e11-be86-b36b01391e94/audio.mp3?utm_source=Podcast&in_playlist=0ad812bf-fd15-4012-a18c-ae3c00090c76
language: auto
chars: 37962
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# BI Weekend: Nike, Carnival Earnings, EA Sale

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2025-10-03

---

## Transcript

Bloomberg audio studios, podcasts, radio news. This is Bloomberg intelligence with scarlet food and pusweening. How do you think the Fed is looking at tariffs? The uncertainty of tariffs? Let's take a look at the sectors and how they perform. A lot of investors getting whips soevery day by news events, breaking market headlines and corporate news from across the globe. Could we see a market disruption of market events? People just too exuberant out there. You see some so called low quality stocks driving the short term rally. Bloomberg intelligence with Garlet fand Paul Sweeney on Bloomberg radio, YouTube and Bloomberg originals. On today's Bloomberg intelligence show, we dig inside the big business stories impacting Wall Street and the global markets. Each and every week, we provide in depth research and data on some of the 2000 companies in 130 industries our analysts cover worldwide. Today, we'll look at why the energy company Exxon Mobile is cutting three to 4% of its global workforce, plus a look at why the AI cloud computing startup core weave is signing a deal with tech giant meta platforms. But first, we begin with the news from the athletic footwear company Nike. This week. The company said that efforts to roll out new products, boost marketing efforts and clear out old inventory helped ease a lontime sales slump. Niki said its sales fell 1% on a currency neutral basis in its most recent quarter, and that was a smaller drop that investors anticipated. For the analysis, we are joined by Punam goyale, senior us e -commerce and retail analyst at Bloomberg intelligence. We first asked Punam if Nike's turnaround plan is working. It's working. Nike is able to pick up momentum. Sales on a reported basis were up 1%. Inventories were down 2%. This is exactly what we wanted to see. We wanted to see inventories align with sales. So while the work isn't done and it's not over and it's not a straight line up, we do see momentum building. What they're doing is working. The new products, the innovation, the focus on wholesale, it's all coming together. There are still some pitfalls. China is still sluggish, and we'll need to wait and see what happens there as well as with its converse brand. Okay. So China's definitely an issue. Converse is work in progress. When I look at the revenue line, the top line, what I see is direct revenue fell 4%. Wholesale revenue rose 7%. Just break that down for us in terms of what that means. Direct revenue versus wholesale revenue. Sure. So direct revenue composses of stores, which were actually up 1%. So that shows us that the innovation and the new products, which are flowing through their own stores is working. What made the dtc revenue go down 4% was that digital was down 12%. No surprise here if this is where they're clearing all that excess inventory. So this channel will be pressured for a couple of quarters still wholesale, up 7%, a great, great number. I mean, it just shows that coming back into partnerships with follocker in a more meaningful way, getting on Amazon. Com, all these efforts are paying off and they're where the customer is. They're gaining their shelf space back and the customers are responding favorably. You know, the Nike brand is such a powerful brand. I think about it like Coca Cola or apple, it's so powerful. Yet some of those American brands in China under pressure. And I'm wondering just with the geopolitics, is Nike a brand where they might be feeling some anti -American sentiment from consumers? Well, that has happened in the past. There have been boycotts against, you know us American brands. We don't think that's the issue yet from what we're hearing, but we do think that the issue is more product at Nike and China. So they do need to ramp a product and they do have a lot of excinventory there, more so than they do in the us today. So that's also a work in progress that they need to get through. Let's talk about profitability. Margins declined due to higher discounts and then also the higher tariffs in North America. I look at gross margin, 42.2% last year. This time it was more than 45%. Now the the 42.2% was better than estimated. How long is it going to take for Nike to turn that around? I think we have quite some time. They said that they do still aspire to reach double digit ebit margin. Ebit margins in the quarter that they just reported was only at 7.1%. So that's a long runway. We don't think it's any time soon. And the hit from tariffs is building, not reducing. They had expected a billion dollars the last time they spoke to us in that dollar, dolone $5 billion. And access costs from tariffs, how much are they passing along to the retailer versus taking that in their margin? Because I mean, Nike is probably just a great example of how companies are trying to deal with the tariffs. Yes. So I think they're doing this actually very smartly. They're not increasing prices on products that are under $100, but they are taking prices up on sneakers that are above that price point. So if you think about moving prices up, it's very easy to say the price of milk went up from $3 doldollar 3:50. When you're looking at a pair of sneakers, especially on new launch, you have no comparison. So you can go ahead and price up your new innovation. And the customer may not even recognize that there was a material price increase and that customer has a little bit more flexibility to stretch their wallets at that price point. Punam, if you are heading up on holdings or Adidas or sketchers or you know any of the hoka, what would you be thinking looking at this set of results? So sketchers, I think, is in a different league than Nike. It's a little bit different. It's a value play and I think they don't compete directly like an Adidas or an on or a hoka would with them. Adidas is doing really well on its franchise lifestyle shoes. And I think Nike, what you heard, was doing well in performance. So two still very distinct categories though for Anand hook. I think it's a little bit of a different story because running was back on. It's doing phenomenally well and that is where hoguy on both took share from Nike. So I would be just you know a little concerned and just make sure that I keep my game on when it comes to innovation because at the end of the day, product is what's gonna to drive how sales momentum will go moving forward. Our thanks to punum goyale, senior us e -commerce and retail analyst at Bloomberg intelligence. We move next to some news in the media, an entertainment space. This week, we heard that Spotify CEO Daniel ecis stepping down after two decades at the company. Spotify will leave the leadership of the music streaming company in the hands of two trusted executives. They're Gustav Soderstrom, chief product and technology officer, and Alex Norstrom, chief business officer. This move will go into effect on January first. For more, we were joined by gether rgenathan, Bloomberg intelligence analyst on us media. We first ask geitha to explain why CEO Daniel Eck stepping down. Now, this is a one of your classic cases of the founder finally kind of establishing a really good transition plan and handing it off to his you know, two lieutenants here. So we're having a coceo structure. And really, I mean, the first when I heard this, I mean, this really kind of Harkins back to what Reed Hastings did with Netflix, you know, kind of left right at the peak, right when the companies, you know everything was kind of of all cylinders were firing away and left it to Greg Peters and Ted cerrendos to kind of take charge. And it seems like Spotify is in a very similar position. So they had a couple of things that had to get done this year, which was new contracts with all of the music labels. It looks like Daniel ehas you know accomplished all of that. And I think he's really kind of left the company in a good position for its next phase of growth. And this is really you know a huge story in the Internet space. The possibility to get to a billion users very, very quickly. They already have about 700 million. Okay? So there are almost three quarters of the way there. He's leaving on top, as George Castanza would in Seinfeld. But my question, giita, is you talk about the new phase of growth. How much of that will rely on continued price increases? Unlike Paul, I do subscribe to Spotify, and it's alarming how frequently the price changes come. Yeah and it is going to keep coming, scarary. There's absolutely no doubt about it. I mean, this whole story is kind of predicated on those price increases. Remember, though, that they never took up prices for the first ten to twelve years. Yeah and then it started coming fast and furious, right? We had one price increase in 2023, another in 2024. We're gonna to have probably another one in 2026. But if you kind of look at all of the streaming services out there, you know spotifof course, the leader in audio streaming, they have a 35% global market share in terms of subscribers. You kind of look at their price. Let's say in the us, it's $12 for an individual plan. You compare that to, let's say, the video leader, Netflix. Again, I go back to the Netflix example, their price at $18. So I think Spotify still has quite a lot of runway when you kind of compare it to the rest of the field. And the other thing that I like to point out here is when you're kind of subscribing to an audio service, it's typically only one service that you're subscribing to as opposed to a video service. So I think people really like their you know if they like Spotify, they're absolutely going to hold on to it at any cost. And the other thing is, you know Spotify is adding new features all the time. So they are like really getting down on you know monetizing more and more, but it's not. They are innovating also constantly. So I think I think people don't mind paying for it. What's the biggest challenge to them on the cost side of the business? Kethan music royalty. Well, I mean that you know for every dollar that they make, they're paying out about $0.70 in terms of music royalties back to the labels. So it is definitely a very you know from that perspective, the model is hard. But one of the things that they've done very well is you know they've obviously renegotiated a lot of the deals, kind of tried to provide investors with a lot more visibility into the cost base. But more importantly for them, they're really trying to go away from you know licensed content. To more owned content. So kind of going into you know podcasts, going into more non music content where again, they have a lot more leverage, you know whether it's audio books, whether it's video podcasts, getting away from you know just being a core music service to more of kind of an global kind of an audio service. And they're doing that really well. And that's going to help them with their margin expansion story as they get better unit economics, right, and introducing premium tiers on top of that. You have to unlock in order to unlock some of the more, I don't know, high profile podcasts, you then have to pay extra. Gito, talk a little bit about AI because I keep reading about how AI generated music is a challenge, but in what way? And could it actually become an opportunity as well for Spotify? I think so. I think it is going to become you know an opportunity as we go. They're already actually using you know a lot of AI features when it comes to curation, you know when it comes to music discovery, when it comes to providing better features, they're already and you just brought up the super premium tier, and a lot of that is actually going to be having like an AI dj type of feature there you know for both listeners as well as music creators. So I think it is definitely going to be you know a good opportunity for them to to present a much better product. I mean, we've already seen of AI being used by a lot of the other platforms. Again, I go back to Netflix because they've done this really well in terms of you know having a much better algorithm now to serve up better content. And I think that's exactly what Spotify is doing in terms of its playlists as well. Where's apple in this audio game? So just in terms of subscribers share, Paul, I mean, Spotify, as I said, leads with about 35% share of the market. Apple is really far behind. They have about a 10% share. So very, very hard for them to catch up in terms of in terms of subscribers at least. Our thanks to getha rungenathan, Bloomberg intelligence analyst on us media. Coming up, a look at why the video game maker Electronic Arts has agreed to sell itself to a group of investors. You're listening to Bloomberg intelligence on Bloomberg of providing in depth research and data on 2000 companies and 130 industries. You can access Bloomberg intelligence via bi. Go on the terminal. I'm Scarlett foo and now Paul Sweeney. This is Bloomberg. This is Bloomberg intelligence with scarlet fou and Paul Sweeney on Bloomberg radio. We move next to the electronic gaming space. This week, the video game maker Electronic Arts, or ea, agreed to sell itself to a group of investors. They include a firm managed by Jared kusher and Saudi araba's sovereign wealth fund. The deal values ea at about dollar, $55 billion, with the investors agreeing to pay $210 per share in cash. This makes it the largest leverage buyout on record for war. We are joined by Nathan nato, Bloomberg intelligence technology research analyst. We first asked Nathan to break down the eaa's recent valuation. This evaluation is at a 20 to 30% premium versus the last three quarter market cap before this deal was announced. And it seems like you know it is a premium deal, but actually you know ea has a lot going for it, right? It is actually launching a new battlefield game and and there's a strong prospect for this game. And actually, the game is now in pre release. And even then, it has already smashed all prior records set by the biggest game in that genre. And that genre is first person shooter. And that game that has dominated that genre is called duty from Microsoft. So better few six is looking to be a successful launch. And next year we have fifa. And obviously, we know that ea has the biggest soccer game in the industry, and that's fifa, what was called fifa. But now it's called ea sports fc. And next year, fifa workout will be a special one because it will be hosted across three cities, including the us. And if people don't know us, is actually the biggest market in terms of revenue for all kinds of sports game. So there's the second thing going for ea that I think is gonna to lead to at least two rounds of consensus beats on eps earning so per share. So I think for ea, this is this this this is is actually a good deal. And we can talk about the common struggles faced by you know game publishers and how these dewould make sense for ea as well as the the investors in this context. So Yeah, let's do that because you mentioned a bunch of the titles and these are you know very valuable franchises. These this is a top quality ip, whether it's ea sports fc, main nfl, the sims, battlefield, what does ownership by private equity, by private investors allow ea to do that it can't do as a publicly traded company? I think it's all down to funds. So publishers, game publishers in general, have have been facing two struggles. First one is gamers attention spend and play time are increasingly getting limited. The reason is people are sticking to brands or franchises that they have played for a long time. And in fact, new zoo published a data saying that 80% of playtime tend to go back to the 60 or so titles, leaving only 8% of playtime for brand new ip. And this is actually in favor of ea because we mentioned those valuable ip. In fact, if we look at global unit sales, ea has top 20, has four of those top 20 selling ip globally. It has four out of the 20. So that is actually a pretty enticing deal thing for companies like private equity because you know profit generation is key. And what this means that is that ea has franchises that can bring in recurring revenue. We talked about ea sports fc. We talked about meand mfl, and they actually revive a new franchise, college football. And you know it was one of the best selling titles in the us last year. So recurring revenue is key here. And the second struggle that I was gonna to go into is development cost is really high, especially in the us. So that means that western publishers actually have a cost disadvantage when compared to eastern developers. For example, you know salaries for game engineers in China is more than half the level in California. And personnel cost game engineers is a huge part of developing a game. So you know tenand actually launched a new game in the same genre as better Fusix, and that's Delta Force is doing really well. And what that costs disadvantage is stopping ea from is continuously to push out a strong cadence or content to essentially extending the shelf life of any game. And eastern developers can do that better because of that cost edge. Our thanks to Nathan nato, Bloomberg intelligence technology research analyst. We move next to some news in the energy industry this week. The energy company Exxon mobisaid. It plans to cut about 2000 jobs globally as part of its long term restructuring plan. The reductions represent about three to 4% of Exxon's global workforce and are part of the company's ongoing efficiency drive. For the analysis, we are joined by Vincent piazza, Bloomberg intelligence, senior equity research analysts of oil and gas first asvincent, for his take on this Exxon news. Well, I think it's part of managing through the cycle, right? In prior cycles, the sector was exposed to more extreme volatility, higher highs, lower lows. The industry is trying to manage through what seems to be a rather clouded backdrop right now. So we're sitting here and you got Nagas somewhere around 330Henry Hub. You got wti in the low sixties. You have opec bringing back on capacity and maybe even speeding up that the capacity adyou have a more clouded broader economic backdrop across the globe. You have geopolitical issue. So lots of uncertainty. And not only Exxon. Exxon is probably gonna to cut somewhere about two, three, 4% of its global workforce. It's Canadian affiliate, a much more substantial cut, roughly about 20% over the next two years or so. You're seeing it at conico Phillips. You're seeing it at chevron, even bp, the major European energy conglomerate, you're seeing it across the board. And so Paul, as you know, when you're not growing revenue right, you're not getting the revenue increase on price. You're not growing production because your investor base does not want to see that production growth. You are looking at very steady revenue, maybe even declining revenue. You have to manage that net back from the cost perspective and you have to support that cash flow stream. And so you're doing it via these cost cuts over a number of years to maybe even three years to sort of bring that cost structure in line with a new reality of uncertainty in the marketplace to reduce that volatility. Well, there's cost cuts and then there's Exxon mobibil's cost cuts. Since 2019, it's trimmed 13 and $5 billion in annual costs. That is more than all the other big oil companies combined. How much more room is there for Exxon? Two, slash expenses. Well, it bought pioneer, so it has a relatively sizable workforce in general. It doesn't necessarily mean that those cuts are going to come there, but there are ways you cut you gain efficiency. In this technological era where we have advancements across the energy value chain, you will consistently and continually seek out ways to get efficiency, to bring down that cost structure and to bring unit cost in line with a very anemic outlook for global energy prices in general and also a very clouded outlook for the global economy too. So Vince, kind of looking out you know, one to two years, what is the view of the companies you talked to about energy prices, oil and gas? Is it still going to be a challenge market here? It looks like it it looks like it's going to be a very challenmarket, especially for the wti side, for the oil side of the equation on natural gas, Paul, I know you and I have talked about this numerous times. You have a structural growth trajectory for natural gas here in the us via export lng, whether it's seaborne lng or whether it's pipeline gas into Mexico to help fuel their economy as well. You have the AI build out, which will be a which will digest significant amounts of energy, and that's beneficial for natural gas. But on the oil side, you have very anemic growth. You have your transportation fuels having to compete with alternative and renewable fuels. So there's a greater competition there. The growth trajectory and the outlook for the demand side on the liquids fuels seems to be very clouded and seems to be somewhat less secure relative to the natural gas side of the house. Our thanks to Vincent piazza, Bloomberg intelligence, senior equity research analyst on oil and gas. Staying with energy. Bloomberg intelligence recently put out a report on its outlook for nuclear power in 2026. It's titled AI driven power demand set to Spark $350 billion build cycle. This deep dive describes why nuclear remains a favpower source for artificial intelligence. For more, we were joined by Scott Levine, Bloomberg Intelligence Senior energy Services Analyst. I first asked Scott to talk about what the energy industry is doing to prepare for what seems to be an insatiable need for power. Nuclear really has two very big positives going for it. Number one, it's a emissions three power source. And the hyperscalers that are really behind the investments care about that deeply, right? And so they've favored you know more renewable sources here, etofore like wind and solar. But what those lack are you know 24 by seven base load characteristics. And for a data center to be up 20 47, that's not going to do it right? So nuclear checks both of those boxes, and those are two very big positives and the reasons that you're seeing folks like Microsoft and meta come out in favor of nuclear power. And Yeah, so what's the how much does nuclear provide today in the us versus where you think it might be in 25 years? Yeah. So today it's a little bit below 20% of the grid, okay, which we're saying we'll return to about in our you know base case scenario, 20% of the grid by 2050. That may not seem like much to percentage points, right, but it will equate to or amount to a $350 billion investment to get there. So those are big numbers. And in addition that we're talking about adding 60 some odd gigawatts to the grid, and you can think about each full size nuke being one gigawatts. That's basically building 60 generating units as our base case. So those are big numbers to get you from 18 to 20 percent over a 25 year period of time. I tell I went in this report that you and your team put together section five small modular reactors. That's where I wanted to go to because I have that we've had some people come into the studio over the last few years and just talk to us about the science and engineering and the possibilities of these small modular reactors. Tell us what they are and what role they could play going forward. Yeah. So really these are and none of these have been built in the us. Yeah, right. So this is very much an emerging technology play. But basically you're talking about is taking a full size nuke. You're driving down the highway, you see big goon tower, a bunch of smoke coming out the top of it. These are much, much smaller, right? And so the idea here would be that these are much more flexible. And so if you have more disparate data centers located throughout the country, you can power these ostensibly with these smaller units, right? And we're talking about you know some of these are smaller versions of what's already in operations today, which is a light water reactor. And then some of these types of units are different types of technologies. You have gas cooled reactors as opposed to water. You have molten salt cooled reactors as opposed to water. And these use different types of technologies. Different types of fuels still remain to be licensed and proven. So a lot of it's very much on the come, but the technology in each of those areas holds promise. So we'll see. And each of them has pros and cons, right? And so we'll see over the next five years the technoshake out and see which ones end up being at the top of the stack for the us. But each of them have a lot of money behind them and a lot of support from a lot of depoketed players. Our thanks to Scott Levine, Bloomberg intelligence, a senior energy Services Analyst. Coming up, a look at why the cruise company carnival raised its full year earnings forecast. You're listening to Bloomberg intelligence on Bloomberg radio, providing in depth research and data on 2000 companies and 130 industries. You can access Bloomberg intelligence via bi. Go on the terminal. I'm scarlifo, and I' M Paul Sweeney. This is Bloomberg. This is Bloomberg intelligence. With scarlet fu and Paul Sweeney on Bloomberg radio, we moved to news in H space this week. We heard that the AI cloud computing startup corweave has signed a deal to supply meta with as much as 14, $2 billion worth of computing power. As part of the deal, core weave will provide meta with access to nvidia's latest gb 300AI chips. So for more, we were joined by anorana, Bloomberg intelligence tech analyst. We first asked anoraga how this deal benefits core weave. Core vive is basically is is a company that takes all these gpus and rents it out to people for whatever they want to use. So they do get the dips on the most latest equipment that is sold by nvidia. And then the clients can and now I did show that meta is buying directly from nvidia as well. But in this case, they're just going and outsourcing the entire infrastructure for the amount of $14 billion, which you know may be a very small piece of meta 's overall CapEx for AI infrastructure. But it's still a start that they are now leasing capacity rather than building it in house. So how should we think about this in the overall growth of AI? I mean, this feels like incremental spending to me, but I'm not sure if it's just shifted somewhere else. How do you when you see announcements like this mccore wave, how do you kind of welded in or you know kind of weave it into the larger picture? So every company, every hyperscale cloud provider right now, you know whether that's Microsoft or whether that's meta or any other company that's out there that is spending a lot on capital expenditures, on expanding their AI capabilities, they have two options. They can either build it themselves and they can go to a specialized vender like go weave and rent it from them or lease it from them. Microsoft has said that they are really into expanding their leasing capacity or capabilities down the road, which is good for companies like corweave. Their job is to build this only this infrastructure and rent it out to whoever wants it. My other question when it comes to core weave and you know all this all these deals it's making with these cloud providers is that they are also raising a lot of money. Core weave is tapping the debt market or there's there's expectations that it may tap the debt market. Is there going to be enough demand to meet what it wants to sell? So here is the case when it comes to a customer like Microsoft or meta, which all of us know have a lot of cash flow coming in, if they have signed, let's say, a five year deal, seven a deal, you kind of know that the money is good. It's much easier to raise capital then then let's say, from a brand new company that may not have that amount of cash flow coming in. So I would say I you know one should not be concerned that meta is not good for that money. I don't think that's going to be you know a concern for anybody who's giving them the bonds or their debt for that. You have meta raised $29 billion in a financing package for a massive data center in Louisiana. Oracle raised $18 billion in bonds as it builds infrastructure for OpenAI. So the markets are open for this kind of trade, it seems like. Yeah, apparently they are. And the other thing with core weave, of course, is that it has an increased commitment from OpenAI. It's got this big customer in Microsoft, I think makes up 71% of its revenue. How diversified is corweaves customer base right now? See when you see the Cory's first biggest customer was Microsoft. Microsoft didn't have the capacity to run a lot of their AI workloads, so they went to corweaves. So you know frankly speaking, I understand that 70%, but you know this is an area where everybody needs capacity. So you know for us it is an issue, but it's not like you know it's not a deal breaker when it comes to the quality or when you look at the fundamentals of somebody like a coweave. Now what's happening is other cloud providers are going to them and say whatever excess capacity that you have, you know we will take that as well. Are there other companies that are going to come public here like corweave? These neocloud companies? Yeah. I mean, I'm sure a lot of them out gearing up for it. Correve is probably the biggest one that's out there. You know, we saw Microsoft signing another deal recently with nbias, I believe. And you know, that was a very similar arrangement where Microsoft is going to them and saying, okay, for the next several years. This is the kind of money that I othe capacity that I would want from you and this is how I'm gonna to give you the money to fund it basically. So on rock, when you look at these kinds of deals and you know, $14 billion here, $10 billion somewhere else, what gets your attention in terms of, you know, I need to look into this a little bit more versus this is just one in a long string of deals that these companies will continue to sign. The biggest thing you want to think about is what are these companies doing these deals for? So say somebody like a Microsoft, are they giving a lot of their inference workloads or the outcome of ChatGPT running on Microsoft's cloud workloads? Or are they giving model training workloads? Because there is a narrative out there in the market that the long tail of the AI revenue comes from people using apps, which we you know think of this as infference revenue compared to the model training revenue, which may sees ups and downs depending on what kind of technological advancement we see in you know, software development. Our thanks to ana Roana, Bloomberg intelligence technology analyst. We move next to the cruise industry, the cruise company carnival this week raising its full year earnings forecast. Carnival cited a record pace for forward bookings and improving net yields, but chairs of the company fell after the news. For more on this, we're joined by Brian Egger, Bloomberg Intelligence Senior gaming and lodging analyst. First, Brian, why investors see carnival's earnings forecast as conservative? I think there are two ways in which maybe they're being perceived as conservative. The one is that their yield growth guidance for the fourth quarter, while it's certainly very solid in there in the mid fors, you know with a little bit below consensus, maybe the streak got a little bit of itself. The second thing is, for all their optimism about bookings and direction of yields, they are very conservative in how they're deploying capital. They've only got about 1% annual yield growth for this year, the next two years. So they're growing very effectively, but they are also very measured in how they deploy capacity. So all this is really good. But they do mention that you know they can afford to they can really be judicious on expense growth because they're only growing capacity at a very modest pace. Is that a bad thing to be conservative? How does carnival compare with Norwegian or Royal Caribbean? Yeah. So if you look at Norwegian, Royal Caribbean, they're anticipating or actually scheduling about a mid single digfive percent centage level of annual capacity growth for 2026, 27, 28. Know it's closer to 1% for carnival, maybe 2% in 20, 28. So they're just taking a more conservative tack. And I think they're equally long term optimistic about their ability to penetrate the vacation market, but they're going about in a much more measured way. And in in that sense, it could strike people as conservative. Talk to us about capacity. I mean, if they added a couple of ships where they sell them out, Yeah. I mean, certainly, their their occupancy is back to pre pandemic levels. Their yield growth against that capacity increase is positive. And we were looking at we've seen steadily increasing yield expectations throughout 20, 25, and they've got the free cash flow. But I think they just want to build this out slowly, you know, maybe strike people, some people as being too slowly. Hey, not for nothing. This CEO get paid a lot of money here. Josh Weinstein, 14 million in cash compensation for calderere 24, 14 million in stock, 28 million to drive a cruise ship around. That's not too bad. Nice job if you can get it right. So here's my question to Brian. How do Royal Caribbean norweand cruws and carnival, how do they grow their market? Are they stealing from each other? Or is there still a big base from which to grow? There's definitely a penetration operation. Just back up for a second in carnival. You know their goal is to become investment grade. So part of the conservativism I think you're seeing, which may be a head scratch, they want get an investment grade. And I think that's probably priority one, shifting some of the enterprise value from bondholders to equity holders. That being said, yes, they see opportunity to grow a relatively underpenetrated overall vacation market, but they're going about it with kind of balance sheet being front and center, if that helps at all. The only thing I know about the cruise business is what I learned from Disney, who got into the business 15, 20 years ago, and it's been a great business for them. How do you stratify the cruise market? Now I'm gonna to be the very, very top, mind you, but how does the cruise industry kind of stratify itself? Yeah. I mean, I think they, I think convincingly argue that they are relatively affordable form of vacation because it's a package product. The value is very good for the consumer, but it runs across different tiers from luxury side know seaborne, winstar, Oceania, region seven cs to the more MaaS market like Carnival Cruise Line, right? So they run the gamut, but the overall spectrum tends to be generally relatively affordable. And part of that package vacation product, people buying cruises beforehand, buying stuff on the cruise with a good share of wallet left over, if that works to their favor. How bran loyal are cruising fans? I mean, if you are a carnival person, are you a carnival person for life? Yeah, there's certainly some brand loyalty. And remember, they've got kind of as an industry, they've companies got two goals. One is to drive bookings for their particular brand, and they do that through new hardware with all the bells and whistles. The other is to drive the overall awareness of the value of cruising relative to other forms of vacationing. And so you know they've kind of got that dual mandate. So you're sitting on the Jersey shore Sunday afternoon around five, your Paul sweweeey sitting on, okay, go ahead. All this every Sunday during a summer yousee this massive cruise ship coming out of New York harbor, I think it's the star of the seas. Yeah, that's a new one. Now, I mean, things massive, dude. And they filled that thing up. Oh, just just remember, that's that's a Royal Caribbean ship. But I will point out that one of the things carnival pointing to is you know they reached the 13% return on invested capital this year. So they're kind of getting to that double digit return base ace that they targeted. So their argument would be that they fill it up, they get good pricing. And relative to their investments, they're getting solid low teens returns on incremental investor capital with an opportunity to take that higher. So as long as they can get that return, I think they can convincingly say we're getting there. But obviously, in the case of carnival, through relatively conservative capital to point, I mean, star of the sea, icon of the seas, they have a massive passenger capacity with the ability to hold over 7600 passengers and a large crew. And for somebody who doesn't like people like me, that would be that's a no, it's not the miss anthrobe's favorite vacation activity. But you know, they do get good economies by absorbing those fuel and how big those things are. Well, I'm always talking with my friend who suggethat instead of retiring to a nursing home or retirement community, just go on a cruise trip. You heard that? Heard that too? No, you know, he's the big cruises, Charlie pellet. And he he doesn't like cruise the Caribbean. He always cruises like adventurous places. Yeah. Like I'm going to, I'm cruising to Turkey and I know Antarctica, not a continuyes. That's what Charlie, people pay premium for those. Yeah, thanks there to Brian Egger, Bloomberg Intelligence Senior gaming and lodging analyst. That's this week's edition of Bloomberg intelligence on Bloomberg radio, providing indepresearch and data on 2000 companies in 130 industries. And of course, you can access Bloomberg intelligence via bi. Go on the terminal. I'm Scarla fu and I'll Paul Sweeney stay with us. Today's top stories and global business headlines are coming up right now.
