---
ticker: SE
type: podcast_transcript
title: "Indiana Rolls Alabama & the SEC’s Rough Bowl Season, Plus Mendoza’s Draft Stock and More w/ Daniel Jeremiah"
podcast: ""
date: 2026-01-02
audio_url: https://dts.podtrac.com/redirect.mp3/landmark-dynamic.barstoolsports.com/stream/WnfZz62duGGIWMW4xMmk1vBa/audio.mp3?v=eyJzcmMiOiJodHRwczovL2JhcnN0b29sLXBvZGNhc3RzLnMzLnVzLWVhc3QtMS5hbWF6b25hd3MuY29tL2JhcnN0b29sLXNwb3J0cy9yeWVuLXJ1c3NpbGxvLXNob3cvV25mWno2MmR1R0dJV01XNHhNbWsxdkJhLzIwMjYvMDEvMDIvMDEwMjI2UlJwb2REYW5pZWxKZXJlbWlhaEZJTkFMLjgyNTE2N2I0Ljk2cy43ODBlMzE5NS5tcDMiLCJiZWMiOltdLCJhZnAiOm51bGx9
language: auto
chars: 125729
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# Indiana Rolls Alabama & the SEC’s Rough Bowl Season, Plus Mendoza’s Draft Stock and More w/ Daniel Jeremiah

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2026-01-02

---

## Transcript

Hey roscilla listeners, you can find every episode on apple podcast, and Spotify prime members can listen ad free on Amazon music. Trust no one and accuse everyone in who's the bad guy, the official barcelsports social deduction game from the brilliant mind of Nick tyrani. In what's quickly becoming the most popular new party game around, players are secretly assigned unique roles, with the good guys trying to expose the bad guys, and the bad guys doing everything they can to stay hidden. Each game unfolds under alternating day and night phases with roles like the cool chick, the Shya guy, the gambler, l president, the mentalist, the planner, the funny guy and more. Every round is unpredictable, chaotic and ridiculously fun. Who's the bad guy is great for parties, pgames, family gatherings, or groups who just love deception based games. Game night will never be the same. Shop now on Walmart dot com dot. The Ryan Marsolo show presented by draft kings. We're going to run through a lot of football today, will recap all of the playoff games, what it means for the buy teams. Big Ten sec has the belt officially transferred. Daniel general Maya is going to talk about all the college football stuff. He's gonna to have a lot on Mendoza and then we're going do a ton on crossroads teams in the nfl, him handicapping the afc, including the one team he hears from most teams in the nfl who they don't want to play on the afc side of the bracket. A little recap of the holiday and life advice, the stage ges set. The college football playoffs are here. Every snap, every drive, every touchdown. Draft king sports book, the number one sports book for live betting, puts you right at the center of the action. As I'll say in my open, I don't know how anyone's gonna to pick against Indiana. Now you wanna take the points, go ahead. The rematch organs already played them. Maybe you're going with that part of it, but if you've watched all of this stuff and look, this is the fun part of it, is like, Hey, maybe I'll just pick an upset. So I don't know if I'll work myself there in the next week or so, but after getting done with those first four games, you're like, why would anyone actually want to pick anyone against Indiana from what we saw in the open? From real time wagers to season ending thrillers, draft kinks keeps you in the game from kickoff to the final whistle. New customers bet just $5, and if your bet wins, you get $200 in bonus bets instantly download the drafking sportsbook app. Use the code Ryan rythat's. Code Ryan ryto. Turn five bucks into 200 bucks in bonus bets. If your bet wins in partnership with draft kings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 18 hundred gambler. In New York, call 8778. Hope and y are text hope y 467369. In Connecticut, help is available for problem gambling called 8887897777 or visit ccpg. Org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill casino when resorting Kansas PaaS through of per wager tax may apply in Illinois 21 over age. Ent eligibility varies by jurisdiction. Void den Ontario restrictions apply that must win to receive bonus bets, which expire in seven days. Minimum odds required for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. Cdkng co. Slash audio limited time offer. I could talk about that sugar bowl all day, all weekend. I don't I'm not going to do that to you. That was an incredible game to close out the playoff games late last night. But I think we all need to start in Indiana, not the Rose Bowl where Indiana humiliated Alabama, but what we're looking at here with this team, you know, it's funny, for all the energy that I had that was very negative towards Indiana last year, I think after that Oregon game, if you've listened to this podcast, it's probably not even the same. I don't know that I love when people said, like you're gonna to have that same energy for terrible point being made. But however, I felt like about them not being real. I've I've felt after that Oregon game about this team being real and you want to the all time exclamation point. And look, there's still a lot of work to do here when I sit here and go like, what if this team is 16 and zero? Are they gonna to go 16 and zero? Because that's the way it feels right now, right? That's the way this team feels. I have a hard time seeing a scenario where I talk myself back into picking anyone against them. We could talk the rematch, and Oregon theybe more comfortable with them. That's the part of it. That sort of sucks for Indiana and Oregon and the Big Ten on top, everything else. But whatever, I mean, this is a bracket, right? Just like when I picked Indiana, beat duke and the O2 bracket and people laughed at me. So there's actually, I don't know if I'm buy the Candy striped pants today because I know what I said in 24, so I just probably shouldn't order those pants, but I cannot say like I could just say it over and over again. The amount of respect that I have for Indiana's football program is off the fucking charts because here's the other thing for this. We can say, Oh well, it's nil. And this is this and honstuff, it's like, Yep. But the still the composite rankings of this talent coming out of high school, this roster is ranked behind Boston College even in 25. And a lot can be fixed with a guy like Mendoza who might be the number one overall pick. But there's an argument to be made that signati doesn't even really have this thing rolling yet. You know, we talk about pounds, that that corner that just blasted Simpson, the guy who played in high school, Jeremiah Smith, he's like 5917 or something like that. Pawns is like, wow, you know, there's some other places that offered me, but signati was the only one that gave me a chance. So I love jmu. And I came over here and you're like, this isn't this isn't the five star guy deciding, get me the hell out of auburn. So this roster, like yet it's impressive and they're well coached, but it's still not even what like a fully formed, imagine they win a national championship and what the hell this guy y's going to be able to do from a talent standpoint. And it's funny too, because last year, like I've been paying attention to the stuff that signati said after these big wins, after the Ohio State went after the just demolition of Alabama. And I think last year it was almost, if he was having more fun, just going like, I don't even know if we're really this good. And then we found out that they weren't and it's like, I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna to do a bunch of this stuff and look, I know some people defend it and go like, Hey, it's just like lane Kiffin. And well, when lane Kiffin was doing in Tennessee, I didn't like it either because I don't like when. It's just not when you're making some of these arguments. And now he doesn't even need to say anything because the truth is out on the football field. So I don't know if he's enjoying the moment or he's realizing, like, Hey, this goes from like upstart upsetting the the the national media. Like who gives a shit? It's 24. Like Indiana football's in the playoffs and ablost in Notre Dame. Like it's not that big of a deal. Like what a what a great story. Now it's like I' M2 months away from winning a national championship. So it feels like he's actually because when I was watching him in 24, I'm like, he's going to be the worst if they actually start winning and they are winning and they're taking out the blue bloods and it actually feels like he's a bit more reserved or he's enjoying or realizing like how big of a deal this whole thing is. And then you've got Mendoza, who look, I just wanna run through three throws. The third two, you see the end zone shot, there's pressure to his right. He gets away from the pressure, then he has to throw it back inside to his left to Sarat. And there's all sorts of traffic all over the place. I know it's only for a few yards, but it moves the sticks they were gonna to be punning from the eleven great throw, the third nthrow on the blitz to Becker for the touchdown, a third eight where he had a 38 yard hit to Cooper that put him up 30 83. It doesn't matter. I think the best thing about mindoza isn't just those throws, is like we're sort of like examining the personalities of who some of these top picks are. If Mendoza were to dm and only fans girl on Instagram, he may just be asking her if she wants this life. So I think that's safe. Bama, we'll get to them. Miami, they both beat up Ohio State. And if you want to get cute with the scoring of it, which I am known to do from time to time, you're like, all right, well, it's 14. Nothing. Ohio State seems to settle down. They come out of the halftime, it's 14 seven. You're like, you know, they missed a field goal. They gave them six on the pick six, which is one of the best reads of a bubble screen I've ever seen in college football, where the Miami defender just absolutely is like, you guys want na sit here and pretend you're gonna to get set and block me. Like I'm just jumping on this thing and reading it. The physical nature of what happened in the o line and d line stuff like it was both an ass kicking and then there was a score element of it where I'm like, gothis feels just like the Indiana game where Ohio State's in this, if they kick that field goal, they tie it up right in the Big Ten championship game. Yet just like the Indiana game, the entire time of watching it, like India's better, right? Same as the Indiana win against Oregon, you're like, all right, it's 2020. Indiana is better. Or at least they've been better on this day. And even though it's a one score game, you're like, miammi's just better than them. The crazy thing about Miami throughout this this two game run and why I know I wouldn't have been picking them to win the whole thing is because of Carson Beck. And Yeah, I know like I've heard the arguments about how it's been a little bit better, but he hasn't even had to do anything. It's the pump return and the end around from Tony in the a and m game. He had Beck had to, you know, you want to get cute with it and kind of play the results be like, Oh, there's was a throw heroes as a throw here it honestly, Bex, two big runs in the Ohio State game might have been more important maybe that one run more important than any single throw that he had the entire day. His two games, he's thrown for 301 yards combined. They haven't even, I don't know what's scary, that the bad Beck part is coming or that they haven't even had to have like the great Beck. And now they're in the national semmifinal. So I think there's a part of his, too, seeing Miami in the final four, where you're like, I know what suster Notre Dame, but I'm kind da glad this team got invited to the dance. Oregon, who I would have had third if I were on the playoffs committee, I would have had him third. I know you can't do that. You want to spread around the love a little bit geographically, but I thought they were the third best team, which means I thought the three best teams coming out of the regular season of the conference championship games were all Big Ten teams. They dominated Texas Tech and they also didn't dominate Texas Tech. Tech had 88 yards in the first half. 50 of those yards were on a broken run play where it looked like he was going to be tackled for a loss twice and then broken 50 yards. So that means everything else. Everything else detected in the first half added up to 38 yards. Not great, Bob. Oregon was two of eleven on first down in the first half. They were four of 19 for the entire game. So both dominated and didn't dominate. And they got the late touchdown there as landing, I guess, wanted to send a message. You could also just argue the clock like, Hey, we're not supposed to kick the fuel goal in this spot. So Texas Tech can't do anything on offense the entire time despite having this defense where I can't wait to talk to Daniel Jeremiah about David Bailey in his day, because this was like one of those itbe, a lost thing. They lost the game. Nobody's gonna to care about Texas Tech moving forward, but what that defense did, what that front did, was special. But when you can't throw the football, you can't run the football, and you give it away four times, that's how you lose 23 zip, the sugar bowl, the three trinitrinidad chais, the drive that I may remind the audience once a year about this drive, because what he did, as you know, nice early old miss kicking some field goals. Georgia responds, Oh, misresponds. And then it's like a fumble and you're like, all right, we're going to the half. Georgia has settled things down. I did not think georgiwas gonna to lose this football game. I just didn't think if you looked at the defensive rankings and what's happened throughout the entire year, like there was all these different groupings that I would do with the playoff teams and be like, let's look at all these different teams and like, who are the standouts in a bad way? Who are the outliers? Like, Hey, these are the teams that kind of run the football pretty well, even though Miami, statistical behind the season is like way behind the other three teams that are in the final four. I ran through that stuff with Danny canal, opposing yards for play, and you're like, dude, Ole Miss is so much worse than all the other teams. So again, I'm shocked. But this drive by chamless like when, if this stuff's gonna to happen, you get a chance. Winsome football games, second and eleven is the play where it looks like he's gonna get destroyed and blindsided. He's running away from one pressure and turning back into some other pressure, somehow gets out of that and then just flips it like a guy throwing a towel into a bin at the gym. Except chamble is hits this one. That's the Lacey. It's short. It's only for four yards because it looked like Lacey ran for the first. And so we still have a third and seven. He rolls all the way back to basically the goal line. I think he's right in front of it. If you want na get technical with me here. He clears all of this pressure where you're thinking like, Hey, he's gonna to get sacked. It's gonna be fourth and a million. Like this is it. This might be the game right here, right? And that's what it felt like three plays in a row were like, Hey, this might be the game. He hits Lacey again. It's a huge buddy PaaS. Bolden hits him so hard that's actually shy. The sticks Lacey so big. He's such a physical presence. How strong is that guy to not crumble on that hit? And Bolden actually gets hurt on his shoulder, which is like the second guy Georgia had lost in the second. I don't know how much that had to do with the outcome of this game. And so now that ends up being a first town because he still has to fight for the first town despite it looking like he may be in his own end zone on trying to escape all of this pressure. Like Fran Tarkin was like, chill out a little bit, right? The next play, he escapes again. The right guard gets absolutely destroyed on this play. He rolls out to his right, but he's in such a rhythm now. He hits Wallace for 44 yards. Those three plays are like old miss fans are gonna remember those three plays the rest of their lives. So the crazy thing about those plays though, is they end up getting the touchdown. And then Kirby smart had a decision to make where he's at his own 33 on fourth and two. And there was really only one drive where I felt a Georgia's offensive line was establishing itself in a way where you're like, okay, this is starting to look like Georgia football. Like I don't trust stockt in a ton. He's gonna make some throws. He's gonna to miss some other reads. He had a couple reads where I'm like he's just he's just not gonna to see the field as well as maybe you would need him to to you know get through this game clearly not because they lost it right, even if they tied it up late, but this decision on fourth and two at your own 33 and you're like, okay, what's going into this decision? Because part of me is thinking like why are you going for and forth and two chambers just had to do all of this ridiculous stuff just to keep that possession alive. Like you're okay. There's still a lot of time left. You're okay. Or does Kirby smart co, that fucking guy's on the other side of the field? Like I don't want him getting the ball game because now it doesn't even really matter. Even if our PaaS rushes winning some of their individual matchups, we're not closing, we're winning. You know, we're getting through the trench part of it, but we're actually not taking the castle here because this guy is just on an absolute heater, receivers all over the place. I mean, look, it could have been even better for chaless. He had two huge drops in this game. So look, I this decision, I understood way more than de bor's decision where it's like you're down three nothing and you're earning to go for it and you decide to come out punk formation, you decide to try to get cute with the whole thing. You know you can't run right at anybody but having to able to do it all year long. So now you're gonna to have to do some end around things. So if you go to the edges against Indiana, like good luck and then it's like, Oh, now Indiana has a short field. I understood the Kirby one more even if I didn't like that one, but maybe he was just so scared to chathis. He's like, I don't I don't want to do this. So 20 points in the fourth quarter for old miss, which I thought was very interesting considering when old le miss blew the game in Athens during the regular season, it was a 17 zero run against Georgia, a Georgia team that scored every single time that they had the football, did not punt that regular season matchup. An old le miss through all of the nonsense that they've had to deal with that is not of their own doing with Elaine Kiffin, part of this kind of win where I think if you're just a neutral fan at home, you were probably brooding for old miss. So what does this all mean? Let's try to summarize where we're at right now with four teams left in college football. Bama frauds, Ohio State frauds, tech frauds. It's not my favorite exercise. We do it every year. We'll never stop doing it. The irony of this being a pro Notre Dame argument somehow that these other teams, I mean, clearly tech and Ohio State, we're gonna to be in no matter what. Bama. Everybody hates bma. If you don't like bama, you hate bama. So I understand the conversation around it. It is kind of funny though that it's kind of baked into this Notre Dame casserole where it's like, you do realize that when it was a 14 playoff in Notre Dame, got in a couple times after they get their ass kicked, everybody's like, well, they should have been in it either. We're going to do it forever. There's no point me wasting any time on this. Ohio State one, they they were twelve and zero before they lost Indiana. And Yeah, it looked the same as it did against Indiana as it did against Miami. And whatever my issues are with some of those stretches in the Big Ten scheduling, give me a break. All right. Same thing with the big twelve and tech like they should have been in this. I don't know. Maybe it's just a lot of people watching it for the first time and maybe it's the recency bias of all of this stuff. Okay, the drop off post sand, we knew it was gonna to happen because you were asking it to, you were asking to maintain the greatest run in the history of college football but it does for Indiana to do it against bma is like, is this this changing of the guard thing, right? You have Miami almost what 20, 23 years later against Ohio State after that past your interference call, you have Ole Miss, which is probably my least favorite or of the top four supposed sec contenders and now they're the only team left standing without their head coach. Now there's also a conversation around the buys. What do the buys mean in this new system? With twelve teams going into the Indiana game early early over here on the west coast, the buy teams were o and five, right? And as soon as I started hearing that thing thrown around a little bit more and more because Ohio State got you know run over by Miami, you're like, is this something right? Because what I say all the time, like not everything is something. I thought it was really interesting during the broadcast last night when they were talking about Kirby smart and they were talking about Georgia and McElroy, who's awesome. You know, I went on his pod, love the guy, but he said, you know, you look at Georgia, 90 over 90 of the rosters from high school. There's a culture here. You know, they get it. You're like one to think dos at home watching the game being like, Yeah, you know, because Georgia wins up until last night, an incredible run here by Kirby smart, 117 and 20 now, 117 and 21 say, Yeah, you know, I just, we don't want to do all that portal stuff because you know, we want the guys that in like when you win, that's something that works. And then if you're losing, it's like, how come you're not dipping your toes into the portal, right? So when I when I looked at the the record, the first thing I thought of when I when I heard the record being thrown around, I was like, okay, but. Unlike Texas was a 13 point, a half point favored against Arizona State, the buy team last year. Ohio State was actually a favorite in the rematch against Oregon when they just ran them. You want to talk about an askpenn state was a twelve and a half point favorite against Boise State. And Notre Dame was actually one and a half point favorite against Georgia in that game. That one swung that one. That number kind of swung a little bit. So last year the buy teams that all lost were all dogs in 24. But I never I like I was listening to it going, why this isn't that hard? Why is no one talking about that part of it? So then Indiana wins and then you're back to the Texas Tech Oregon line, which, all right, text the buy team. Oregon was favored throughout. It did apparently flip at a lot of places where it ended up being in tech one and a half. So does it hurt my record argument? No. I think a reasonable person goes, Hey, that was kind of a coin toss deal there. And I think a lot of us actually still lioregon better than Texas Tech going into that game. And then you have last night where we'll miss, I think I don't know if it closed at six, but it was six for much of the week. Georgia was favored by six. So maybe we have something because you've got two teams here where it's Indiana winning, whatever you wanto do with the Texas Tech part of this. And then the rest of them are the buy week losers. I know if you ask the coaches who lose, they're gonna to tell you the buy week is a huge problem, because that's what coaches do. We're gonna to tell you the fucking portal sucks. They're gonna to tell you the nil sucks unless it helps them tell you signing days on the wrong day. So if you talk to losing coaches, I think in this case, the losing coaches would be the worst possible source on any of this stuff. And it's like, Hey, let's give it a little bit more time before we just start deciding that the buy is this massive, massive disadvantage. Because basically all the 24 data tells you, Yeah, those teams like two of them, that's 26 points were the spreads in two of those games. All right. Final thought, the se's had a disastrous buwl season. They actually had a terrible heads up bowl season with the Big Ten last year. I know I'm Mr. Stubborn guy and I know I've been banging the drum and the sec thing here forever when Michigan won the first Big Ten title in over ten years and we start talking about like conferences and the hierarchy of this whole thing, you're like, well, look, if you just won your first one in ten years, give me a fucking break. Like now you get the belt. But there's just so much anti sec stuff out there from so many other different corners that it was like, I didn't even care if it's or not. I just want to say it because screw those guys, which again, I totally understand. That's kind of what everybody's doing here. But I didn't like any of the contenders when the season closed. I did love the depth of the conference, which I beat you over the head with on and on and on. Again, there's part of me that wonders like going into 26, if I look at different schedules and I'll look at some of the rosters, I'd be like, look, I still think that that's a different challenge. Like this Big Ten team m's gonna to have like these four or five games. Like I just don't think that's necessarily the same. But going on the overall standard, the standard that I always held, the sec two was like, if you're telling me that four teams ₩7 straight titles, like what other conference? Why are we even talking about this shit? Well, the Big Ten's on the doorstep of doing this, not seven straight years, but my whole argument of like, could you get to four teams in the Big Ten? Now, granted, they expand so you throw an sc in their history. And I don't want to just count every team that's ever won a national championship because prior to the expansion of the Big Ten, I think you could do Ohio State. You could do Michigan. I guess you're supposed to do Penn State. That feels like a bit of a reach. Michigan State was probably a better option considering what they were doing a few years ago. But now you have, however you want na categorize those teams, Washington being in a national championship final. Sc, and then obviously, the Oregon part of this is just very real, is they played in two title games and they've been on like a 15 year stretch of really, really high end football without the national championship. If it's Indiana or Oregon, and it's three different teams in three straight years, on top of what the Big Ten did to the sec and the heads up matchups last year, I will tell you, I am rattled by the Tennessee Illinois reright. I guess maybe Tennessee wasn't as good as nothing we're gonna to be. We can get an opt out ts and all that kind of stuff. I don't know. Illinois had a couple. I guess Tennessee had six. But Vandy loses their game. Missouri loses their game. It's a bad bowl record. It's a bad bowl record. The Big Ten bowl record d's been terrific here. And that's why you could say, Hey, welcome to what everybody else was saying this entire time, which I totally understand. But I also think the motivation of some of the people that were saying it's like, you know, look, I loved danybody, but came on and I was like, so basically you're saying everything that didn't matter for ten years, you're now saying is like the thing that matters. Like I guess I just never, I'd rather be wrong than full of shit, is what I'm telling you. And in this case, the standard, again, the standard that I hold any of this too, and no one's gonna to care about the power four head to head record during the regular season because the bulls kind of stand out a little bit more. And I'm telling you right now too, like I'll bring it up with danger Jermiah if Texas had lost that game of Michigan, I'm like, you know, because of all the games that I was looking at, I was like, all right, well, the sec will win that game theywin, this game. And this is like two years now with this stuff. And it isn't just about opt outs in any of this stuff. So Yeah, whether it's the changing of the guard in the Ohio State, Miami, the Ole Miss, Georgia, and certainly what Indiana did to Alabama, like we're we're right there where it's gonna to be really hard for any of us that are so pro sec like you, we're gonna to have to keep our private chats private, right? Because there's just no there's no way with the evidence of the last year plus now on top of following what Michigan did, there's just it's going to be a really hard argument to make. You're going to have the least amount of evidence that you've ever had when you're arguing in favor of the sec. The big shack is out now and it's a serious burger. We're talking two Angus beef patties, three buns, new secret sauce. It's stacked, balanced and built the right way. You get everything you expect from Shake Shack. Fresh ingredients, that toasted potato bun and sauce that pulls the whole thing together. It's big, it's fresh and it's legit. One of their best burgers yet. You know, what I love about a burger is that when you make it through the holidays and everybody's the gear in up and they're like, Oh, we're gonna to do this. And it's gonna be kind of like thanksgiving part two and got to make sure we have all these things. There's kind of nothing that resets you like a cheeseburger and it make you just go, all right, we got through it all. You know, some gifts were great. Some gifts answer dreams, and some gifts make you wonder if this person even knows you. And the gift you can give yourself because you know yourself better than anyone else is a cheeseburger once you make it to that finish line. If you've been waiting to see what all the hypes about today's the day, go to Shake Shack and order the big shack. Sounds familiar. Made different. Let's keep talking to football, one of our favorite standards, Jeremiah, nfl network analysts, the host of the move the sticks podcaalong with Bucky Brooks, available wherever you listen to podcasts. And we're gonna start gearing up. It's his time. So we'll do some nfl in the back end. But I wanna start with the bowl games and kind of where we're at with college football. But I think we have to start with Indiana. It's where I started the show today. This is somebody was trying to figure out like any kind of comp. And I thought it's not my original thought, but somebody pointing out Calhoun in stores where you could argue stores makes Bloomington look like Beverly Hills. But you know, here we are, year two, where last year was kind of like fun, but I'm like, I don't know that they're any good. And to see what they've done now to close out against Ohio State, humiliate Alabama. What do you see when you watch them play? Well, it took a longer period of time. But if you would asked anybody like the pre harbustanford stuff and said like Stanford would ever be relevant, much less like winning rose bowls and you know, a powerhouse program, nobody would have believed it because it was that was they were so far away from there. Now it took him a couple years to get there. So that's why this one I got, I have no comp. I mean, I know people have talked about different sports and trying to find things, but to immediately do this, you know, with success had last year and then this year I've got I've got nothing for it. And it's not even like as much as I loved like the the Boise teams, it felt like, okay, they punched up and it was the statue of liberty and it was okay. They got some good front seven players, nfl players, but it was like they were just out scheming teams. And coach Pete was kind of ahead of his head of the curve there. This is like, we're going to do what you guys have always done, is the blue bloods, and we're going to come here around about 50 times and just push you off the line of scrimmage and completely dominate you. No frills. There was nothing schematically that was, you know, you're watching the game like, Oh my gosh, this innovative thing that they're doing, they went and beat them at their own game and just physically dominated them. So I have no no comparison for it. But the takeaway that I have when I was watching it was. And I posted this, it was from some of these other games to Miami especially, was I think that one of the things that we don't discuss, it doesn't show up in box scores is like the physicality of the tackling from Indiana and Miami in those two games. Like there's a difference between just rapping and dragging a guy and getting them on the ground versus just like violent, violent collision after violent collision after violent collision. Like they were playing at a different physicality. Those two teams, Yeah Miami especially like just an o line, d line showcase. And you know they were saying like, Hey, you know that's the whole point. It was the whole point of of all those great sec teams. It's like you know you might have like one or two guys, but like we're expecting to have and like Miami, you can argue they're not even rotating as many guys in as maybe some of the other schools. Indiana a's down a guy on top, everything else. So I just would like to find a way for the people listening and even for myself, like when you see great coaching, now we can talk about the fourth down discipline when de orce deciding to go for that early where he's like, okay, when we know we can't run it at you. So we're going to line up and then there's going to be a timeout and then we're actually going to have Simpson come out with a punt team, but that means we're actually going for this whole thing. So like we could point to that. And I think that's what you do on tv where you're like, look at that discipline from Indiana. Like only one penalty like this is this is a team like they didn't fall for any of that stuff. Is there a greater understanding of like when you were evaluating or you're doing it now? We are like these are these indicators of how how special a job a coach is doing with how his team executes on a Saturday. I would just say that the poise there was no, when you're watching on tv, obviously you don't have the mics, can't hear everything, but there just no, there's no panic. There's no poise. There's a very comfortable ease which with with which they're playing, and it could be on the offensive side of the ball where they're giving you an exotic look. And he even admitted, look, the first series, Alabama kind of, they confused him a little bit with how aggressive that they were, and they very calmly just kind of adjusted that sort, Ted that out, picked it up. But there was no frantic behavior. There wasn't anything defensively where they saw a look and you saw just this frananic communication. It was just very, very calm, under control. They knew they knew what what they were looking for. They played their keys and they just played their scheme and it was nothing. They didn't have to do anything special. They keep using this phrase. I've heard of several, their guys use it like kind of the one eleventh hate, which is got to do 11 eleventh of the job here to do kind of the patriots way of do your job. But that's what it looks like. Everybody's just kind of locked in, focused in their own little world and their own little assignment, and they're all executing at a crazy high level. The other thing with them is, Ryan, when you watch them, like every single Indiana run or catch, like it didn't matter if it's a receiver running back tight in like every time they're going forward. How many times are you watching these games over this last weekend and you're seeing so many teams trying to get east and west with the ball? Like everything with Indiana, as soon as they get the ball in their hands, everything they're getting, those those extra yards just getting north and south, they're always falling forward. That was one of the little takeaways I had when I was watching. It was like there's not a lot of east and west with that team. Let's talk about Mendoza because you know there was a few throws that jumped out beyond his Heissman season. So it's not like this is news. But second possession, third and two, he's backed up. They're gonna to be punting from the eleven and there's all sorts of traffic and to see the end zone shot of that, to see how athletic that throw was for only a few yards. But it moves the sticks the Becker touched down where you could argue, well, Hey, that's an easy throw because the safeis cleared out on the underneath route, but he still is facing pressure and he has to like know there's one thing that I'm looking for on the Cooper route underneath, and if I get that clearing, then I know I can rip this ball, but the pressure doesn't rattle him whatsoever. And then there's the third nthrow later on in the game and the game's over, but there are there are throws with him. And I think the mental toughness and and the lack of being rattled is something you see all year long. I thought the throw against Iowa to win that game was just such a huge spot because it was kind of like a letdown game and everything. The Oregon response after the pick six, what he had to do on that last drive against Penn State, taking this shot against Ohio State, I mean, these are things that we've all talked about, but there was just a few throws through the course of a game where it never felt like a high leverage throw because the score so one sided. But I wonder when you watch him if it's about getting excited about the best options for 26 or if this is about Mendoza being special in comparison to some of the other guys that are in the argument for a number one pick historically. No, I think he's really good. And and the the comp that I've come back to is just the kind of the Matt Ryan comp of if you were just evaluate all of his individual skills, they might not blow you away. But the combination of the the toughness, the accuracy, the ability to make plays in the clutch late ent games felt a lot like what you saw with Matt Ryan coming to college. And then you knew he was incredibly smart. He was prepared like all that stuff. He checks all those boxes. So I was comfortable before even that game of saying like he's he's worthy of being the number one overall pick. And I think he's he's ready to go. He can come in and hit the ground running and be up and running functional starting quarterback. Now I didn't think he's gonna na be a top five quarterback in the nfl. Like maybe you could say about some of these other guys, you could dream on. You know, Caleb came out, you could say that, you know, burrow with what you saw from him, you're like, okay, this is some elite, elite stuff, but I think this guy's plenty capable of being a top third in the league nfl quarterback. And then this game was kind of you know just a highlight of all those things. I like to go back and watch all the third and seven plus throws because with him, when you're watching a lot of stuff during the regular season, you'll see a ton of rpos, a lot of first read throws. But when you cut through that and you go to the third and seven plus reel and you watch those you know 60 ish throws, and you see everything you need to see with his ability to you know sort coverage, his ability to get up and down with throws in the middle of the field, his boy drive the ball into smaller windows. It's all in there, man. If you watch all of his stuff before this game, you can see everything. Well, I like ked your third and seven things so much because that's basically been my, I retweeted it. I saw it yesterday. A couple people hit me up and I'm like, Yeah, this is this is really what it is like. We can watch all day on Saturday. But then once you're outside of the system and all of the things that are kind of constructed for a lot of these quarterbacks to put up huge numbers, big touchdowns, you know some of the best programs in college football, whether you were watching Gobe like I don't know, I don't know if that's a pro quarterback, you know and I struggle with it all the time. What do you see when you rip up just the edits of the third and long guys? Like is there somebody that maybe would surprise people like you know who I actually really like is this guy not you know, I've only done it. I've only done that full workup on him and more at this point in time once Yeah, once we get because this at this point in time, right? My first thing I've got to do is come up with a top 50 and and like I think I have like 17, 18 days and I goto pump out of top 50. So I call around every team. You know, all my buddies with teams give me top 50 candidates will go through all the positions. And literally, I have not had one other quarterback in this class that's been mentioned as a top 50 pick. So I mean, that's story. More. No. Well, Yeah, him and more so him and more, him and more. So I've done those two guys. The third one that came up with everybody was Sorsby. But it's you know sounds like he's he's portal shopping and he's you know going to stay in school. So that was the only other one that was mentioned to me as someone that was even a consideration as a top 50 pick. Now maybe somebody will emerge and who knows what shablis is doing coming down the stretch even though he's undersized, if that. You know obviously I'll get to him and do all these guys before we get to the combine, but you know as if as of this moment in time, you know talking to guys around the league, that was not the expectation. So I'm trying to prioritize who I watched during this part of the part of the process. So those are the two qb's I've given kind of the full workup to. I want to talk a little sec Big Ten. I as as I point out in the open, I'm like, okay. Well, when you have this many teams that could all win national championships and now we're on the doorstep of potentially a third straight Big Ten team winning a championship, and then you know the default's kind of like the draft stuff and you're like, well, okay, you know and I think I'd probably still be a little stubborn even going into the next fall looking at some of the schedules being like, Hey, I just think, but I'll admit, like there's times maybe I am falling in love with the Jersey a little bit. The bowl records have been disastrous for the sec the last couple of years. Especially those Big Ten matchups from a talent standpoint, like let me let me run something at you here because I know you haven't and I want the listeners and I don't want to put you on the spot of something where you basically just started doing the real work, where you have to start listing all this stuff. I'm going to give you a little exercise here. Yeah. How many sec players do you think are in mekepers 's top 25? Oh gosh, my guess, sec players top 25. I'm going to say it's not as high as you think. So I'll I'll say top 25. There's I'll go 85. Yeah, that doesn't surprise me. Just watch the games. Like just even if you don't, if not even a living in the draft space, you would you see that the rankings are insane? The highest ranked guys is Tennessee McCoy. Yeah 13 teenth, 13, 16, 22, 23, 25. But there got some underclassmen now, like there's some freak show underclassmen. The 27 draft is gonna to like if anybody wants to just run away with that narrative, just wait a year and then look at what's coming in 27 and itall flip back, right? Which which is also like part of the point too is like those guys are also playing in games at 25. But look, man, I mean, all the standards, the standards that I have for like which conference is the best, the Big Ten is look, in some people's eyes that theysay that the shift has already happened. Were are you with that? I would say if you look at just this playoff specifically, and I told you just watch the games. What? Tell me, look at the defensive lines. Let's first, Georgia, Alabama, old miss that. Like you're you're watching these games and you're going, I hope they can bad a PaaS. Like hopefully they can ba PaaS. They can't get there. They're never gonna to get home. So maybe they can get a finger on the ball, bat a ball down. Then you turn around, you watch miammi's front, Texas teci thought Texas Texas front was the most impressive, even more impressive than miammi's. Even they lost that game. Oregon's front, like these, the defensive line, which used to be so dominant in the sec and it was waves. And just think about Georgia a few years ago, like you're getting guys rotating in that are elite elite players. That to me is the biggest difference is the Big Ten has better d line play right now. And you can make a case that Miami, the acc elite elite and tech out of the acc was elite elite didn't have that this year. I mean, auburns group was really, really good. You know, it's a good defensive lambda team went any good. But that to me is the biggest difference is that those defensive linmen who used to all be in the sec have now spread out over college football. And I think the top of the Big Ten is clearly better than the top of the sec and has been for a few years. And the argument has been, well, Yeah, but the depth, you know every week in the sec got to play somebody. I'm like, wow hasn't really shown itself out when these teams end up running into each other. And then on top of that, I'm looking at when you look at Matt Campbell going to Penn State, who I think is going is going na win there, Fitzgerald going to Michigan State, they're going to be better. And then Kyle whittingingham, who's certified you know stud going to Michigan, they're going to be physical and good. Like I don't know if that depth argument is gonna to hold up as we go forward either. Yeah, I think all of that stuff's really fair because this run s through the bowl season, like the Tennessee Illinois game rattled me a bit because I was always big on like, well, you know what, Tennessee has got those four losses. But let's go through the losses. Let's go through all the different situations. Although vani running away from them should have been maybe the awake up call. It's like, Hey man, maybe you should get off this whole Aguilar receiver depth thing and then running back that it's just not good enough to Carry them. And I know they had the opt outs, but you know, look, I there's you know, some people would say, Hey, it's already happened in your late. It's just hard for me to be like after they win the first one with Michigan, after a ten year gap that it's like, okay, well, here you go. It is now yours. The quarter you can get into like the quarterback play of like two years ago. But I'm with you at least on the title contenders this year. Like I thought the top three teams in the country, even ahead of tech, were all Big Ten teams. But then I was like, you know, the rest of it though I'm just not quite that, look, if Michigan had beaten Texas, I would have just given up my whole open of the show today would have been like, I can't like if Michigan had won that game, I would have said, all right, you just had a bad, you had a rough 25 or so. Like just if Biff Biff pulls that thing out, you are, you don't know how you get over that one, huh? I'm watching the game. I mean, there's that Underwood throw that he has to the tight end where he's rolling out to the left side and the tight end is literally like touching him. Yeah and I'm like, what? Because I'm back in, I was not a huge, I think it's the tight end because Yeah because then the tight end goes down and he's look, he's on the sideline being like, what will you trot? You hate me. I goto find that cut up. I'm going to send it to you. I'm glad you brought up Texas tax front because you know whether it's people like in mesador or Bain or that combination, what David Bailey did, and I'll admit to like I didn't even want to say to Joey McGuire when we had him on, but like the push for Jacob Rodriguez to be a Heisman finalist because there was a lot of stats in there. The fumble stuff was was nuts, and he always felt like he was making these big plays. It was a good story for tech. And I can't ask the head coach to be like, Hey, do you think it's kind of funny inside the building that Rodriguez has all the Heisman love and Baily's like twice the player? Because what Bailey did yesterday and what that front did, like that's the kind of performance, again, we've seen it all year with this group, but they do it up against Oregon to try to keep them in the game somehow. I know you have a ton of work to do, but like do you actually see yourself having a defensive player ranked ahead of him? So I had Reese over him just grade wise coming into, you know, I finished both those guys maybe three weeks ago. And I was I was having a conversation with an assistant gm and I was like, you know, I don't know how like I know, you know, look, cky got take the whole thing into account, but I'm like, I can't unsee what I've seen from him there and then with Reese, with kind of the minimal impact, I know he had some tackles and he, you know, he was firm in that game against Miami, but you didn't feel him in that game. You didn't feel him in the Indiana game. Now he's got all there. And I don't know that I love the usage with Reese. I think they could, I'd rather have him just put him on the edge full time and cut him loose. I think yousee more impact, but I don't know how. It's just like at the end of the day, like it is about how you play in the impact you make on the game in Bailey out there with his, you know, with his shorts on and no gloves out there. Like they, I mean, it stood out like a sore thumb. It was every single play. And my thing with him was that he wins so much with speed and he wins right off the ball, which I'm huge on get off. I'll look at all the get off numbers as we go through it. He's got to be at the top when it comes to that. But to me, I didn't see as much speed to power with him. I thought Reese played with a little more power. And then I wati'm like, well, forget that. I mean, you see, you saw him stabbing guys in the chest and walking him back. You saw him snatching and throwing dudes. I'm like, Oh, that's all in there. This is not just someone who's an elite athlete with elite speed. Like he played really, really violent in that game. So I think he's got a strong case to be the top defensive guy. What did you think of more? I know you have a lot of work to do there, but you know, he's theyprobably be I don't know if itbe like a media creation thing or maybe it's a straight up like evaluation, deal with it. But itfeel like there's probably some more momentum and who knows, like these next couple games too, depending on how all plays out, finends up being like Oregon winning a national championship and the bump that you get from all that kind of stuff. Yeah. I mean, look, you can tell me what you think personally the gap is, but I know the work isn't necessarily done either. Yeah. I mean, when I go through and and look at my notes, I'll pull up some of them here. But he everything he does, like if you wanna go on the positive side of him in the conversation versus Mendoza, everything he does is a little smoother, a little more fluid, where a Mendoza can be a little bit rigid. You know you'll see variety with more. He can do the arm angle thing, you know some some off platform stuff. And I'm but then I'm like, well, that's also what makes Mendoza so good is that he's always grounded, he's always on base. And he's that that to me is why he's tremendously accurate with more. I thought you'll, he, you know, we saw it with shado a little bit. Obviously with an extreme case of someone who drifts, you'll see more drift around, float around in the pocket a little bit. I'd like to see him just be a little bit more precise, get cleats in the ground, I think thathelp him drive the ball more and be a little bit more consistent from that regard. There's not a lot of weight transfer, so it's just some mechanical stuff that he has there. And then, you know look, he likes to throw the ball underneath, get the ball out, and he's he's good at all that stuff. He throws under the sticks a lot, which to me, if you're if you're real confident in what you see and what you get picture wise at the college level, you're not going na do that quite as much. You can attack a little bit more. I didn't see that quite as much from him. I think there's a gap there. I just think he needs to play. You know, he didn't have the same number of starts. I think that was like his eighteenth start maybe the other day, eighteenth or nineteenth. So I've been an advocate for him saying, I like him. I think he's a he's a really good player. I just feel like Mendo's way further along on the journey. And to me, that would be a classic case of, Hey, I'm sure Oregon could unload the Brinks truck to bring you back and give you a huge chunk of money. I think for the long term development of him, that would be the right decision. Vegas has a game up on the giants, but just say like hypothetical world, if you were the giants, here are the number one pick and you've got dart. I mean, we can talk about the trade, but would there be any conversation about, Hey, we we think mendozis just a little bit cleaner than this dart experiment. I would stick with dart. I think he's shown enough there. And I think you could you know if you had that pick, you could the way mendoses coming down the home estretch, you could probably auction it off for a nice a nice price there. But I think they're kind of down the dart road here. And I think with his you know his athleticism, can he can do some things Mendoza can't do from that standpoint. So Yeah, mendois a cleaner in the pocket quarterback at this point in time. But I think there's enough with dart. You've seen enough there. Once he has you know his guys back, neighbors especially, that I think you keep rolling on that track. Basketball season is here, which means the excitement of being in the stands before tip off is here too. The game time app gives the advantage back to the fans. It's the hack for unlocking amazing tickets and experiences in a few taps. It's incredibly easy to use, and the game time guarantee means you can trust you'll get 100 authentic tickets on time and at the best price. Plus, fees are always included. So what you see is what you pay. I was scrolling through the app. I'm seeing Celtics clippers tickets for tonight starting at $76. You know what I was doing the other day? I went to piston's Lakers. I treated myself, was walking around and asked for free ticket. I said, Hey, let me get on the old app. Let me find see for one great deal right before tip off. Take the guesswork out of buying nba tickets with game time. Download the game time app, create an account. Use the code vercilo for dollar off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account and redeem the code russlo for dollar off. Download the game time app today. Let's do some nfl here. I'll probably just ask you what I ask everybody to start any like, Hey, good to see you. What do you think of the afc? Because you know, last week was probably the first time like I'll have an issue with bonx and the fact that that defense now is not the defense that normally is what you expect from Denver. I don't know if it's real or not, but this has been a longer stretch here where you're like, okay, normally like great o line, great defense, insane corner, maybe best defensive player than miles Garrett in the entire league. I actually like the receivers a lot. I know they had some injuries running back, but they look like salvanet. Like there's so many things about that team that you're like, what an incredible roster. I just don't know if like Nix might feel like a coin toss guy. He has the all timer game against the packers. And I was like, okay, well, I but but look, that's the thing that I think will always hold me back on them. I think there's an overall talent thing with New England. I also think it's arguably like one of the easiest schedules we've seen in 25 years, depending on what you want na look up. So I was talking about like, Hey, I think I like Houston and that defense and where stud's been. I don't know if the Trevor Lawrence resurgence is real, but that defense feels real. Like I feel better about those two teams in the afc than I do what could be the one in two seeds. Your thoughts on that theory? I think it's everything is matchups in asc because it's so you know it's say, average. You know, they're without the standout teams. So I go off of when I talk to these teams at who they want to see and who they don't want to see. And the number one team that teams don't want to see in afc is Houston, except for like the Jacksonville thing, they're comfortable. I think it's just a familiarity there that there's no there's not the fear there that some of these other teams have, but everybody would have like to would like to avoid Houston. The only one that and then you talk about from Houston standpoint, who does Houston not want to play? And everything you kind of get from this, not directly from the building there, but everybody's like, Yeah, just Houston doesn't want to play Baltimore. Like that's the only team like because that they can nullify that that rush a little bit. Just hanthe ball off to Henry. And I know they hammered Baltimore earlier this year when Baltimore didn't have Lamar, who was starting a quarterback. It was what's name from the cowboys, the old cowboys backup, Cooper rush. Cooper rush, I think, started that game. It thresome picks. But so to me, it's it's all like the matchups and nobody's you know, everybody's you talked to a lot of folks around the league, and I think I'm in that boat with with the Broncos. Like, okay, it's a great defense, but it's a speed defense. There's a feeling like it's not the most physical, you know violent group there. So you can you can run the ball on them a little bit when you get in the postseason. Bonx doesn't feel like you can you can shrink everything on him a little bit, make him have to play over the top of you and take away that stuff, and they feel like you can match up with them from that standpoint. And then with New England, it's just okay. The quarterb's unbelievable. He's going to likely win the mvp, but he's just never been in this situation before. And the supporting cast, whether there's some pieces there, it's not you know it's not an elite elite group. So the feeling is that you could catch them too. So everybody's just like, get in, just get in, just get in, just get in. Take your shots, see if you can get hot and go, Yeah, that's right. Like what is anybody? What should everyone be doing exactly that? Like it should feel good no matter who you are in a way, because maybe it is a matchup you like, but the wepart we used to bracket watch though, like I just, it's someone who calls charger games and yoube looking at it going like, okay, well, how long till we have to play Kansas City, you know, or even in a year when burrow, like how long can you avoid Cincinnati before you goto run into Joe burrow? Like there's not nobody. I don't really get the sense there's a whole lot of that right now. It's just like, Hey, we'll go play whoever we goto play. Like we'll we'll be okay. We'll have a shot. Yeah, that's how it feels. I mean, even with the Josh Allen factor of all of it were the easiest thing. I think there's just going to be a lot of people who would be like, you know what? Give me him. It's like, really like, you know, that defense is coming with him too, right? And if you compare that defense even to a diminished Denver one, you know, who knows who's gonna to be out there and healthy available for New England. But you know, the Houston defense, Jacksonville defense, like that would make sense. The Houston offense, I think is an interesting conversation because like if you go through Stroud and you just blow up on the scene, the 20 35 split on touchdown interception ratio, but the rest of the numbers for this year, this there's an argument statistically, this is the best year of his career. And if you really dig into and and go post that monnight game against Seattle, like he wasn't great against kc, I know he's had the two picks in the chargers match up where they were kind of up, but no, he's been really good now for a while. Like there's some there's some terrific games in there. And the overall offensive stats, if you look at yards were play for Houston, they're 20 fifth in the nfi mean they're behind Pittsburgh by a decent margin here. But it feels like so much of that is being dragged down statistically by like the first half. So I'm wondering if they're a little bit more balanced and if there should be a little bit more faith and Stroud going into this tournament. Then then maybe there feels like there is you know I've I've been in the building in the playoffs when I saw them elevate too and and played a really high level. So I saw that in the charger game where I think there was a lot of confidence on the charger side of things going into that. And then he played great and he used his legs more. That to me is the key. I think when he when he will, you know, he's a little bit of a reluctant runner. When he adds that element, I think he gives them kind of that little missing piece that they need to kind of fill in around their offense. But honestly, I don't I don't know if anybody has a lower bar than he does going into the playoffs. Like just make it, make teams travel the distance, make him travel the distance against your defense. Like they can win a lot of playoff games, you know, 17 to 13 if they make teams travel, you know the charger game being there for that one, he can't give short fields. That was that. They kept the charters in the game with those with those two decisions. So to me, use his legs more in the postseason as a big part of the formula. And you know take take your shots when you get them over the top. They've got now with Higgins especially coming on Noel, they got two Young, fast, athletic guys to add into the mix with Nico Collins drawn so much coverage. Yeah take your take a couple shots here and there. Outside of that, play a little more conservative. Let him run the ball. And just I mean, the defense is the it's the most physical violent defense that I've seen. I was going back to when remember when the niner said Alden Smith, Justin Smith, Bowman Willis, and it was like every single tackle was a car crash on the field. Like that's what it feels like when you're when you're studying that defense. Why do you think Jacksonville turn this around? Like what he's like is this the draft picks all because I was going through it the other day when I was watching one of the games and it's it's funny, you know right? Because like when a team starts turning things around and there's a bunch of first and second rounders, you're like, well, look at all the draft and you're like, well, if that were the case, then I mean, this would be a lot easier job for everybody here. So we could talk about Trevors last month and Liam Cohen, but anything else that you talk to other people about when you discuss Jacksonville's like ascent here, well, I think on the psychology side of it, I just think he's fixed the confidence issue with Trevor, who has completely lost that. So I think that's the most important component. It's not anything you see on the film from that standpoint, but just talking to people around that building that he's a different guy because he's just infused him with so much confidence, seeing the way they do things. They messed with your eyes defensively. I saw it when he was with the bucks last year as well. There's a physicality. And then when you add the physicality with some of the misdirection stuff and the way they kind of mess with your eyes at the second level of the defense, they get guys playing on their heels and then they're finishing and moving guys with their group up front. So that, to me, has been the most impressive thing you've seen on that side of the ball. And then defensively, they have a lot of trazy guys, like there's a lot of you know have you know necessarily the biggest names all the way across the board, but they're all real long. They're all real twitched up, explosive, and they've you know, they've kind of just playing really well together. I definitely think it's a sum is greater than the individual parts when you look at it there. But man, I was in there. They beat the stuffing out of the chargers when I was in the building there and kind of turn around the whole season. Caleb, year two. What do you think? I think it's been fun, man. It's like my one, my favorite things on a Monday is that's, you know, I have all the the stuff I need to watch to get ready to do shows. And it's like, okay, I know we're gonna talk about this other of the game more, but like the first game I wanna watch is the bears because I want na see how they're using him and what he's doing and to see those handful of plays he's gonna to make, which are just insane and ridiculous. And he's he's continued to you know kind of maximize those, you know where you're seeing a few more of those special plays and then he's minimizing some of the gross misses. He still has he still has two of those. A game where you're like, Oh man, that's where did that come from? But it's not putting the ball in harm's way. So I think it's I think it's ahead of schedule with where they are. And I think when you look around, if you looked around with like nucleus, like Young nucleus on offense, not only do I think it's by far the best Young nucleus on offense in the nfl, you can make a case it's maybe the best Young nucleus we've seen the lions where bjohnwas previously would have you know would be in that conversation with La Porta and Gibbs and Omra saint Brown. But in terms of the sheer number of guys they've got, it's the best I've seen in a long time watching this group kind of grow together as we go forcan you see development from him unlike no I when it's great, it's great, right? But when it's bad, I think all of us can tell. When it's bad, it's like a lack of confidence to rip. And it's probably something where the guys upstairs in the box are like, come on, Yeah, that's their moright. Like it was it was there. Is that something like it's it's always like one of these conversations, like I was talking to an nba scout the other day, we were talking about a player. And you know the default, and I think it's probably the same thing with you guys in your sport, is that I'd rather have to tell somebody to calm down than have to Rev them up, right? Yeah. Oh Yeah. Because if if the person is just not up for it, then it's like, well, that's a really tough thing to fix. I'd rather you be a little chaotic or whatever. Quarterback maybe is a little bit more different. But do you think do you think that there's something to like? Hey, if I have to fix that, I'd rather have to fix getting him into year you know end year two, whatever happens here in the playoffs into year three, I'd rather have to fix that part of it where it's like, Hey, you know, this first look, is there a little bit more than you realize as opposed to like the other limitations, other quarterbacks that be been like, you know, look, I watbryce Young. It's a hell of a nice story, great for the panthers. I can't fathom him being a long term starof the nfl. And it's been three years. So I'd rather fix the Caleb stuff. If I had to have something that I had to fix, Yeah two things that we would always use to phrase, which was yourather real el in a thorough bad than have to kick a donkey in the butt like that's it's youway rather do that. And do you remember the debate in the discussion when it was, do we stick with Justin fields and go forward with Justin fields or do we go with this Caleb Williams kid? You know, and I think you can look at it now, and that's the clear example of what you're just referencing of how do we do we can we make Justin fielmore of an attack player? Can we get him to play more aggressive? Can we get him to push the ball, not hold the ball, not take sacks? And with Caleb, you're like, okay, Yeah, like he's he's raw, but man, like he he's we're winning all these games late in games because he can make all these incredible throws. So all that stuff's all in there. We need to clean some stuff up. Like you said, there's some there's some stuff. Just take the lay up there, take the easy wins that are provided for you. That's a lot to me. I'd much rather deal with that and and try and clean that stuff up because I think you're gonna to win a lot more games. There's a both developmental path. I think you're going to win a lot more games on the path they're on with the way Caleb plays. Do you have something that you've like evolved with, like prioritizing? Like I'll just give you an example here. So it's a better way to set up kind of the discussion here. Not so much a question, but you know different times. Like, Hey, I think an nfl team, if I could have like the most important thing besides the quarterbacks is like, I want this. And then it's like, well, maybe maybe I don't want corners as much because the way the game is called and then it's like, well, maybe that means I actually do want, you know what I mean? Like there's just different things that I think about in the years that I've talked about this sport where then I was like, everybody else was like, Hey, you got to PaaS on first down you have to. That should be an attack down. You can't do run, run, PaaS anymore. You know, it's just too predictable. There's all sorts of numbers that tell you, like, Hey, first down, first down, first down. I don't know if it's the college game and watching indidiana run the football, watching Oregon run the football, watching Lacey last night for Ole Miss, you know, feeling like Georgia, you know, a Georgia team that normally can just line up and push you around when they need to. And it felt like there was really only one drive last night from Georgia where the offensive line felt like that they were really cooking. And then, you know, even though we were talking about some of the past rush guys, there was consistent disruption, even if it wasn't necessarily leading the sacks for Stockton. So I thought that the olline d line matchup, surprisingly omiss hung in the fight the entire time. I think I'm back to like running the football guy now, and even the Miami numbers are a little weird of the college game, although Fletchers come along here. I don't know if that means that now I'm going to just start going through this whole thing, because I think sometimes it's a little overstated too, especially with the way the the stadiums are built now. It's like, Hey, you know, late in the playoffs, you're gonna to have to run the football. You're gonna to have to do all this stuff like the weather factor is just not the same. It's not the same as when we grew up and you thought that that was the default thing that you always had to do. But I would say maybe college is influencing my overall football thought, but I'm starting to come back. I guess I guess the statement is it's felt like a decade plus, but I'm starting to respect running the football again now in a way that I got away from it. I got away from it and I'm embarrassed to admit it. Yeah. I mean, it looks like if you close your eyes, it's kind of nineties football. You know it looks like those old like cowboy teams and that's what's winning not at just at the nfl level, but at the college level. And I think there's also the complimentary component to it, which is you want your defense to you know to play with the hair on fire and to get up the field and and dominate the line of scrimmage. Well, you take some of those snaps off their hands, that that sure helps. Again, I kind of reenced just the chargers a lot in this conversation because I've been around it. But I mean, their tackles go down and they're having some struggles and then they just and the defense is okay, and then they just say, we're going to play with extra offensive lineman. We're going to put the 300 pound full back in there. We're going to run even just more about attempts than yards. And now the defense isn't out there as much. The defense is playing at an elite high level. You're not having to play your backup you know, edge rushes as much because Khalil max fresh and to a potois fresh. So I think all that stuff kind of complements each other from one side to the next. And you can't watch these games, especially these college playoff games. And just look at it's all line of scrimmage, like it's whoever's winning along the line of scrimmage. And then if you look at the receivers, you know, it's much as we get infatuated with speed and separation, it feels like every guy making the catch is just, you know, it's a physical, tough receiver. Maybe you're gonna na be in more traffic in big games in the nfl, especially in the postseason, like you got to be able to play through contact down the field. You know, to me, the physicality and the toughness of the receiver position, you can go through a lot of these teams that have won Super Bowls over the last 15 years, you'll see that guys who are real, real strong physical on the outside because the windows are not gonna to be as big as they are in the regular season. The extra high flights of Liman thing I kind of love now, it's funwhere. It's like you're giving us what you're going to do. And I mean, I think, you know the cyclical nature of all of sports is that if you were staying outdated with your base defense, you know this all this stuff that we used to talk about, like, Oh, three, four, like, all right, cool. If you want na go to a base defense and you don't want a nickel corner out there, like no shit, we're gonna to throw it all over you guys because you're just not gonna to be able to hang in any of the crossers. You know our slot guy y's probably gonna to beat you up all the time. Like go ahead. And now base, like everybody's base is is the extra defensive back, which doesn't even sound like it's all that enlightening. But I wonder if that's like we're now on the cusp of, Hey, the defense just went different personnel all the time. So if you're gonna play small to play the past in the past happy world for 15 years of the sport, like, fine, now we'll line up, we'll prioritize drafting tight ends that we hope can do both things. And then maybe we bring in that six offensive linement and now if you're sitting out there in nicollar dime, go ahead and we'll get back to what the sport was. If you want to look at like the talent deficiency positions in the nfl, I might put off the ball linebacker number one. Like there's there are not a lot of really good off the ball linebackers. And if you think about it, it's because the college game, everybody's been doing this forever, where you got one, maybe two out there at all times. So you've got you're in nickeler dime and you're playing with smaller guys because you got to be able to run to get out to the perimeter. So now you look up and you're like, okay, we're supposed to put three out there on a to match your personnel group. Like we don't have three quality off the ball linebackers to roster to put out there to match that personnel grouping. So everything kind of goes in cycles, but that's what I see when I'm watching right now. And I think a lot of the great defenses have those guys in place. I think Houston, we were talking about like the way those guys al Shay's a really good player. Toto's been awesome this year. Like that's the underrated component of that defense. You know about the corners, you know about the edge rushes, bullock at safety, petriot and nickel. Like they're stacked there. But to me, those off the ball linebackers have been a big part of it too. Let's talk crossroads here. I don't know if it's Pittsburgh, you know and I don't even know what the result means this weekend. You know the the title of like, wow, you know we won the division and you know Tomlin keeps it rolling. We know what this team is. It's been an average football team for a long time. But then you have like higher stakes crossroads like Baltimore with Lamar. So if we just stay, I mean, hell, we could stay in division and talk about Cincinnati on top of everything else. Can you run through like what you think those off seasons will be like for those teams? Well, Pittsburgh, you know, I think they've done a good job of building up their offensive defensive lines over the last couple years. So I think from a roster standpoint, they're in a decent spot there. To me, it's like you can make a case a lot of times when you switch out the coach, it's when you switch out the quarterback. I think if if Rogers and who knows how long hetake to make his decision, I'm already dreading like how long that could take. But but if you were probably be pretty chill and think about others. Yeah, I just to me, I wonder if that would be the impetus for for okay, this is time like maybe you know, coach Klin would decide you know they got to go through a new quarterback and get that whole process go on here. If if Rogers was gonna to come back, I think he's played solid and the way they have their offense and defensive lines set up, they need to go out and upgrade their their skill positions, which shouldn't be the hardest you know thing to accomplish in the off season. I think you could make a strong case like, Hey, let's give this thing another shot. Maybe we can bust out of this average you know fence that we've been stuck behind here. So that to me, I think Rogers is kind of a key part of whether or not that's that's it there and then with Baltimore, but real quick though, would you want him back if you were Pittsburgh? Rogers Yeah, I think where they're positioned, like draft wise and all those things, I mean, I'm gosh, I don't know. I guess you could make a case. If I could get Malik Willis, who I'm kind of all of a sudden excited about again like that, I would be excited. I would be excited about that. But I'd wanna probably have a bird in the hand and feel pretty good about getting that accomplished before I would before I would go somewhere else. But here's here's an interesting one for you. If if one of these two coaches say, whoever loses this game, Baltimore, Pittsburgh, we had this conversation the other day. We was talking with some buddies and we were talking about college coaches that could coach in the nfl because we're kind of going through the candidates. And it feels like a lot of defensive guys and who are the offensive guys, and it's kind of led this long discussion of these head coaching candidates, if there is there a college coach you think would make good sense for one of those two teams if whoever lost the coach decided to leave? So you want an offensive coach? No, no, no, no, no, no. We started the discussion there and we branched off. And so we were talking about all the different candidates that are out there, about just who would be a good fit with that, with one of those, because I think they're very similar. I think Baltimore and and Pittsburgh, you know kind of what they what the identity of their great teams has been. Whitingham just mess up Michigan's whole thing. Thatbe fun. Thatbe fun. That one wasn't wasn't the one. I'll I'll give you one or two more guesses here. Well, we know weletting the signei train just run off the tracks here entirely so that he goes from James Madison to the Steelers in two years. I would, I would, I would love that. I would absolutely love it. I got asked somebody who's like, you think hework in the nfl miyeah, I do. I actually didn't think he would work. I think most of these guys, but by the way, would would like, I don't know why that's surprising to anybody. You know, I think recruiting is such a mess for so many of these guys that they kind of just hate it now and that theylove to get the nfl. And I think if, I mean, look, this is an old speech, but even guys that probably shouldn't go from college to the nfl still want to go to the nfl because it's the nfl and they want to see if their stuff works here. So it's an active coach. He's an coach, active head coach in college. Go ahead, Mario Crystal. Don't you think Mario Kristal ball and the toughness and the just his whole vibe makes sense, like in a Baltimore or in a Pittsburgh? Like that's that's their identity of their when they've been great is they're just physical tough line of scrimmage teams. And I'm like, goi don't know if anybody, I mean, you you two great options that you just mentioned with signity bloand, I was trying to figure out, but I mean, those are fun. That's that ethos. Those those guys kind of share that same ethos. I don't know if, you know, let's just say Miami goes and wins the national championship. He kind of checks that box. What's the next challenge? I think it would be, I you know, I think it would be kind of fun. It's just wild too, though, to think about how christstopal was thought of not, Oh, just because, A H, the Georgia Tech game from a couple years ago, well, there's that. But, I mean, even, you know, the general feeling about Miami is that theyfigure out some way to screw this whole thing up. There was even a timeout in that Ohio State game that I was kind of like, was that, you know, but I don't want na turn this noop the guys in the semi -final. Like, I don't I don't like, I'll have an argument with one of my friends who just doesn't like Shain a hand because there's some challenges and I'd be like, this is one of the greatest coaching seasons we've ever seen from a head coach, but you're pissed off about a challenge. My friend don't know exactly who it is as he hears me talking about him. I'm just not gonna to give him a shout out on that. What about Baltimore though? Because Yeah, again, the Baltimore season, if you want to run through and say, like what's the single most disappointing season in the nfl this year? There's a lot of candidates, right? But therebe candidates for different reasons. At least with Baltimore you could go, okay, Lamar went down and there's probably an internal discussion like who is Lamar the rest of the way? Like the rushing stuff from him this year is somewhat alarming because this is this, this is where this goes for any dual threat quarterback and for him to not have like probably the best thing or the scariest thing since vic, I think that's that's how special Lamar is in that part of it. And then he fixed out, I think he fixed a lot of the pocket stuff. So we don't you know we're not sitting here like after a couple mvp's debating the whole thing with Lamar. But I know if you wanted to be really positive about 25 and say, Hey, it was a weird year. We had injuries all over the place, welike. So much of the personnel, especially on defense, like we come back into 26, we look the exact same way. That's the best option for us. As far as, like, did you guys really wanna do a reset year? I could understand anyone in Baltimore going like, let's just turn the page on what was a disappointing year, especially if they don't win the division. I wanted to look up this Stat because I was just thinking about this with them. Hold on, one sec here. So I just feel like when I know the defense has gotten better. I know that Louey Gilman's helped you know, kind of tie some things together on the back end, but let's Yeah, dude, Travis Jones leads a team of four sacks. Like they can't rush the quarterback. So I mean, that's you know, their needs actually marry up well with this draft. I mean, that's they should go heavy in that regard, if not in the free agency side of things. But Lamar losing his juice and losing his explosiveness, Yeah, that's alarming. But I just don't I don't see how they're going to navigate their way through a tournament if they can't rush the quarterback at all. But they traded always got seven sacks since they traded him yet zero in Baltimore. So I don't know, you know from a if they're gonna to adjust what they're doing schematically or what, but that's alarming to me. Like that's a major, major problem. So that to me, when I watch their stuff every week, I just don't see him get to the quarterback at all. That that scares me as much or more than all this drama that's going on with whether Lamar stay in awakened meetings or not. It's a great point, but it is funny too because when they had a good record and they probably that was maybe the worst unit, the past rush should be like, Oh, you know, like it's it's a sum of the parts you know, was like, it's just not, you know, it's hard to win the remember of those can't do that. Yeah, there's like, no, no, it's like, no, there's not one standout. It's just, you know, we got it's like, well, actually you have like nasty linebackers secondary, which probably covered for some of that talent drop off. All right, last thing here, is it the rams for you in the anc? Well, I've been Seattle for the whole year and then it's one of those deals where you just kind of look up and like, Oh man, really, you have to go. You have to win at San. This all comes down to winning at San Francisco. Like, can Sam get one of these finishing games at home please? So they can have home field vit. It's a tough place to go. I'm gonna stick with it. I'm gonna stick with Seattle because I love their defense so much. I love the completeness of their defense. Yeah, I'm going I'm going to stick there. Where she made a massive difference for them. That was an incredible pickup. If they nobody has more on the line this week or we talk about you know winning in and you know seating and all that in San Francisco to me, if they had to go on the road with Kyle, I think nobody still is gonna to want na claseattle to me feels like you get Seattle at home. I think that's they're in a great shot home field advantage all the way through. I think they I think they come out of the nfc if they have to go on the road. I'm not not feeling quite as good about that. I think they have more on the line this week in any of these teams. Great way to end it. You can check out more and all of the Jeremia's work recapping and prepping you for the draft as well the move the sticks pod with Bucky Brooks. He is part of the nfl network and we appreciate anytime he has a chance to visit with us. Thanks, man. Am thanks, buddy. Stblue coffee's new can lattes are here. Crafted with 100Colombian coffee, each can is a good source of protein and comes in two smooth flavors, espresso cafe mocha and espresso sweet cream. And whether you're braving your morning commute or chasing your pup, stellblue cans are for those always on the go. And for those who care, stblue is more than just great coffee, it's about giving back. I name the brand after my rescue dog, Stella, who inspired our mission to help more dogs find their forever homes. Every purchase supports animal rescue organizations. So when you drink Stella blue, you're not just fueling your day, you're saving a dog's life. Try the new cans today. Taste the difference and make a difference. All new stellblucoffee canned latte is now available at stellblucoffee. Com or subscribe on Amazon for ten off. Before we get to life advice, the alliance marches on. Sorui and Kyle with us here. I'll tell you just before we get into this, I set a personal record for thinking yesterday with Sunday and day was Monday. I can't I mean, if set the over under on that, like 15, you should take the over. I think I'll probably do it two more times today. Yeah. This is the classic time of year where I don't know what day it is. Kids are off from daycare. It's just been chaos. So we're just surviving. I've been not happening. I gotta say. I've been really a daycare. No. Oh my God. Oh my God. You're right. Should have somebody look into that. I asked chayou to you won't calling that to me. Maybe I won't do that in this segment. But Yeah, I can explain it to you. Yeah. Kids do go to their daycare. So that's good real attendance. I've checked. I've been in there doing the real boots on the ground reporting. All right. Well, what do we got? Drafgonna to love this. Yeah. Draft cags draft drafting gs ff king. We're as we discussed, I ruined Christmas. I was the only one wrong. My bad. I went I went. Steph Curry, he did not get the point rebounds. It's just told I'm gonna go to another stepthis time. Steph castle. No wemby tonight against the pacers. I'm going Steph castle, 20 or more points. Okay. I told you I thought Cleveland was going to be in a bit of run. Even better if Denver doesn't have any of their players. So I'm not going to touch, the Cleveland odds on this one. They're -13 and a half. But give me Mobley a double double Doublay Doublay. I've been enjoi've been enjoying the mix. Yeah, you just got a nice cadence sometimes, which just gets me, I'm gonna stay with the mix is a little Big East bias. I love Tyler Kolic. For a while you couldn't even find Tyler Kolic props. Draft Kgs has finally gotten on board. So we are taking Tyler Kolic four or more assists tonight. All right, that's that. Pays five and a half to one plus 5:53. Let's go. All right, let's check out all the latest odds on draft Kgs. You had something there's Sorno. This is the week. This is it again. Good. Records are good. I'll read them off to you. Ryan, form four. Kyle, 53. I' M4, 22. So, you know, one of these weeks, it's about the process spect the results. Yeah. No. Like we love that. We love that part of it. That's what we tell our kids all the time. You want details? Bye. I drive a Ferrari 355. Cabrile. What's up? I have a ridiculous house in the South Fork. I have every toy you can possibly imagine. And best of all, kids. I am liquid. So now you know what's possible, let me tell you what's required. Life advice. Life advice are gmail. Com. Before we get to that, anyone have any New Year stories? Anything, anything worth? Sharon, I saw some like Smokey eye soruti and his wife. Yeah. I actually looked at his story through the camera. I saw that you look at the story, they were looking through the camera. Dude. Yeah, that was good. We went out to this like cool chef's tasting thing. Shout to the foundry in Hartford. Heartbeat. Hartford has it. New spot. It was good. Yeah. We had like rising. Sure, a lot of things. Yeah, still, still rising. You know, one of these days, itbe up there. But we had a good time. I ate some food I wouldn't have normally eaten. Took some cool photographs. Home by 9:30. Perfect. Perfect. Then sharford 21. Still the spot. Is that where the cool guys in the city liwouldn't wouldn't know. Not cool anymore. I don't know. I don't know what angle that was with you and your wife on that picture that was like that. People like the sweater. I was, it was a nice, nice old J Crew number cable knit, you know, kind of like off White sweater was cold. Reminding me the movie, the lighthouse. That's kind of the vibe I was going for. Yeah. Wow. I'm having everyone's on the same page. Yeah, Yeah. What a disturbing. I loved it. I always think I'm going to rewatch it and then I'm like, I don't think I'm going to spend them. I actually don't want to do that right now. But I like the idea of rewatching it. What's the lighthouse? One with Gerard Butler. That one's good. That's a good movie. A lighthouse which I'm not familiar with the genre as a whole. I just, I think, maybe I'll check it out. Not Greenland movies are tough to write because it's all right. The constraints it's called the vanishing. Never heard of it. The vanishing is a good movie. All I you guys you guys have train dreams yet with Edgerton. So Oh, is it good you've seen it? No, no, no, no. I'm around whether you know what's funny is there's a few movies that I just like in life, have not seen. And my buddies and I have been kind of kicking around in the group chat, and one of them is is kingdom of heaven. Oh my God. And so I think I'm going watch that today, maybe later today, napping, but I've been told I have to watch the extended edition. It's just one of those ones that just slipped through the cracks of life because I know I'd like it. So that might be a new respect for our boy Orlando, if you don't already have. I hold him in high regard. Obviously it's a Ridley Scott movie. Yeah, I don't know how I haven't seen it. Who else could be legalist? But I mean, really, really takes it to another level and keep them in heaven. All could good 25 minutes. Keep of heavens for you, Kyle. Top ten all time. You dude. Honestly, I don't want, I don't want to say yes because I feel like you're making fun of me. But yes, I am great. Scott, I have a buddy who likes is on is in your camp. It is like incredible music, incredible. Not a lot of films from that time. You know, it's not ancient time, but it's kind of, you know, it's like we're talking like eleven hundreds, right? I mean, not a lot of, not a lot of movies from that time. Eleven hundred reds never get brought up. Yeah, really? Yeah. It's it's your cenit's what it is. It's not done yet. And if we're just still talking New Year's, I Yeah, what's going on with you? You look bad. I diyeah, I know. I actually changed my vest because I was like, I put this nice little curtain up because sometimes people are walking around behind me and I just like, I wanna keep everything cool here. Oh, you're in the same spot. Yeah, Yeah. You was just like a Yeah, I was gonna make a joke, like a little hostage situation going on. So I was going to make a joke where I went out and bought a newspaper today and then Ryan was like, honestly, you look so bad I didn't even want to comment on any of it. So I went out and changed my vest because because I wanted to switch something up. I did I did throw up early in the morning, but it's because I was sick. I don't think it's because I overdid it. Did that yesterday, popped a bunch of blood vessels up here. So not really the way I wanted to debut this whole situation. But Yeah, Ryan really just calling it out right off the bat before we got on there. Really, I was stewing in that for about an hour. So you like, Oh, it's like, Oh, guys gonna start talking harsh records right now. It's a little harsh, but you know, I liked that we're close enough that we can just say that to each other right before we hit record. It was a little harsh right before the record, but I didn't I didn't know what, I didn't know what's going on. I looked at your eyes. It looked like you've been punched in the face a couple times. So I was like, all right, well, I'm just gonna let this go and then you, before we even hit record, we're like nothing to say, nothing to say about the new setup over here and I'm like, all right, well, I got plenty to say if you actually want. So I got the invite in, but I didn't think like you actually had been assaulted. I was like looking at you and you look rough. You know, I'm really rough. I'm sick and you sick and you threw up and you broke blood vessels in your eye. So I just so once you once you were like, Hey, nothing to say here obviously was like, I have plenty to say. Well, this in my head was gonna look way cooler and it's just this like White off my background. Yeah, this looks like I have is vikrain the other cubby next to Yeah anyway, we can just move on. I was going to say I broke my non prefixed New Year's eve menu rule and I still regret it. I don't think it was very good and I overpaid and I think I'm done with prefix for prefix for the foreseeable future. Another rule was it it was just like the deal. It was just like, you know, Yeah one of one of these appetite, like one of six you can choose these. The crab cake was like you know not all the way warmed, and then the steak was like burned on the outside, a little bit charred. And it was just like, you know, it was the prefix. You get what you get. They're pumping stuff out. I know the deal with prefix. You know, the powder rois usually pretty good with crab cakes. Don't talk about shadows on the Hudson like that. Anyway, I'm just, I thought it had been a while and I was like, I remember why I didn't do this anymore. So not strthere's anything wrong with shadows. It's just the prefixed stuff. It's just better off without it. I think they have a salad bar still, though. Right, let's get to some emalet's salad bars. Honestly, post Covid salad bars. Ever heard of salmon, old dude? I don't know. I heard of the wind jammer, bro, although I have heard of the wind jammer. Wait, remember the salad bar? Speaking of salad, we're just off topic now. The the Ruby Tuesday salad bar, though back in like 2004, like two, right? The it was an end cap in the gallery of mall. That's how big it was. That was the was one of the end stores. They used to have that fancy burger that was like supposedly filet in it or whatever, and it was like twice the price of their normal burger. Cribei done it. That was me living large. Like I get done with pickup hoops. I'd be in Watertown and I would go, you know what? Like you, you deserve it. You had it. You had, you know, you get a couple nice buckets today, buddy. And then I pull down the knee brace and I'd just go, Hey, salad bar, I'm gonna do the prime burger prime, whatever. Yeah, it was like 20 buht premium. Four burgers were even expensive. Yeah. It was a real Braum byeah blend, which probably means it was, I don't know, it tasted great, man, it tasted great. So they let you you could go to the salad bar as much as you want. And I, even if I didn't want it or need it, I would go a second time just because dends the rules. And Yeah heavy poor random egg. Although you're not a ranch guy, I would imagine. No, Yeah I was going to say you're you're more of a vinegar tat type guy. It really where I would be adventurous with salads. I would never be adventurous with salads at home like that. So really, I think a salad bar for me that was like, I'm gonna step outside my comfort zone a little bit. And if I don't like this, I'll go. Should get a different one. Cool. Push that inside on and at the table. Come on. This. Bang on, Zola. What? All right. I think the three of us get it when we go to San Francisco for the Super Bowl. I think the three of us go to Ruby Tuesday and we do, right? Yep. Are they still around? There's a couple. There's more ruby Tuesdays and blockbusters left, I think. But I don't know, I don't know how. Come on, there's got to be. I don't know. Fries were going too. They had all sorts of treats. Is that your favorite of those? Like spots? Like most casual because I mean, still chillies, by the way, still rips to this day. Love chilies. And you can get like a nine margarita and you get like three, three poours of it is pretty good. The Presita, I think it's called it. Last time I went to Chile, still a fire alarm went off middle of dinner. Two year old did not love that. Do you guys have buga Aboo creeks? Because I was gonna say probably like adolescent me was like full water creek. Tgi Fridays was was my jam, but I bugababoo creeks was like I think more of a regional thing, but there was a bunch of them. But Yeah, I think tgi Fridays what you know if I was if I was my age now, I would probably be ruby Tuesdays. But certainly like my my youth was like, can we please go to tgi Fridays? Potato skins, load them up. Yep, I would agree. You crking braguy Alfredo. Never been, never been. My dad went once and he told me it was like the slowest service he ever had. And I didn't realize they were like highway restaurants until this whole thing with Uncle Ernest or whatever his name is but my dad was just like up never go there. So I was like, all right, dad says never go there most realize I think I've never eaten in one sitting was had a crack of girl and Yeah, it was good. You know it is what it is. Like I won't go there expecting like a you know Michelin star situation. It's fun. I have no comment on the new logo change, but I think that's good. Yeah Ruby Tuesday, the one in MaaS is not there anymore. The one in mathere's, one in Maine. I mean, these are they're littered over the Atlantic and Yeah, it's like a lot of acc sec, but then nothing really west of the Mississippi missoui get a few right around the Mark Twain National forest and then you start going further west. You got one in, I don't know, Des Moines, Lincoln, Sioux Falls, Fargo still has one. Bismarck, Aberdeen, Rapid City. Looks like there's one in Wyoming, China of New York here. Peer fish. Oh, it looks like there's one maybe in the city. Oh, that's Elizabeth, New Jersey. It looks like lx crusis is the furthest one west. So it looks like I'm not going to be going to one today. No. All right. So shout out. That's better than a read right there. I think so. Yeah. All right. All right. So how would read an email? Sounds good. 13 minutes in, I'm ready. Wait, Ryan whfor for New Year's. Oh, Yeah, turn down a couple invites once a better room. Nice. There was a pitfloating around and people were wondering if where you were. Did you see the Taylor Swift, Travis Kelsey with a couple of your friends situation? Yeah, Yeah, no, I don't get invited to those. That was not one of the invites I tried. I didn't know if that was the one you turned down. Yeah. Okay. Just making sure dwe could have left out a mystery that would have been me a little cooler than what he actually did. No, I Yeah I don't think I'm going get invited to that kind of stuff. Okay, it's never been discussed. I think it's pretty much understood that it's just I'm not at that level. You know maybe the model pick up. Yeah. So we'll we'll see. I also think when you don't have like a wife or fianyou know, it can kind of start going like how many singles are we inviting to this thing? Red, I don't think single guys get invited, that kind of stuff. But I also just think that they're budryan. Yeah, I just Yeah, I just think there's a buffer. I mean, I might get is like an offset, right? Maybe to offset somebody else's single gsomething. I really like Steve. So I think I think therebe a back door in there. But I think Carissa might be like, you're not allowed because this is like the other friend group. I don't know, it hasn't really been discussed. I think you just sort of have to accept your lot in life. Like there's a lot of shit that's really worked out for me and I feel pretty good about myself in social settings, but I think there might be some concern of like would he start like, Hey, what do you do for work? Like fucking with ther or something like that, you know? So I wouldn't do that. I like the kelseys. I'm happy for everybody. Yeah. New, you know Yeah. All right. Let's talk about lice. Was not going to tell us the kid just had lice. Gym stats, athletic, can fit, nothing special like Roger Federer, minus the athletic ability and accomplishments. A pretty face, likable dude. Always was something positive to say. So here's the timeline. Partner's friend only told us their kid house had life three days ago because she asked if anyone in the house was recently sick. This happened to my partner over the holidays. We figured out a solution, but I'm curious how you guys would handle the situation. Each year we go to my partner's home town in the Midwest, have Christmas with her family. While she is there, she catches up with two of her best friends, college roommates, their twins. And one lives a few streets over from my partner's parents. The mid, we're all in our mid thirties. The twins have Young children, 18 months, one year, four years old. My partner, I do not have kids as parents, have Young children in their house, is accessible of sickness every time she visits her friend, she gets sick. This spring, when visiting her grandfather, this spring, when visiting for her grandfather's funeral, she contracted the flu from her friend's three year old. To make matters worse, she was around her elderly grandmother after the visit, but before symptoms presented themselves. This time, before hanging out with her friend, she asked if anyone in the household had been sick recently. One of their husbands was at urgent care the previous day for a sinus infection. The same three year old had lice the previous week. Turns out that meant two days ago, but the house was sanitized. Delice and whatever else people do for lice. But her friends still invited her over. They only told her about the lice after they were asked. There was a back and forth that resulted in with Young children will probably always have some infection. If you want to see us, that is something you have to deal with. End quote. Wow, that seems stern. I don't know. It seems like this email writer, is this how you're coming off outwardly? Because it's you sound like a bit of a stick in the mud. I understand. Maybe I keep wanting. Maybe it's me. Maybe it's my reading. Keep going here though. Dude, you kid just had liand. I almost gave my grandmother the flu. It's a funeral for her husband. Your husband is a doctor and you're a nurse. What the fuck? How would you handle the situation? Thanks for everything. Love the pod. How it was handled. This is very like this is like formatic tic. Not having kids were out of touch. How sick those houses can be. She decided to get her friends away from the kids, so they went to the bar for a drink. The beef was squash and no one else got sick. Sounds like you solved your own problem. Yeah, like Yeah, well, I don't know. I mean, you guys tell me, what would you do? I mean, as the one guy who has kids, Yeah, like it's the last year or so. I always say that my my daughter's three. I've been sick more in the three years of her life than I was in my entire life. Leading up to that point. I thought I had a good immune system. Turns out doesn't matter. Like I'm just perpetually something is wrong and it's kind of a dick thing to say, but they're right. Like like if you want to see us, like this is kind of our existence. I've told my parents that like Yeah like we're all just kind of carrying something at all times. My parents are like luckily not super old and like kelthy. So it's not like a huge deal, but that's just kind of how it is when you got kids like these they're these parents. I mean, you say one of them are doctor, they're probably fighting for their lives. Like they're busy, the kids are sick. They want na hang out with their friends. Like I think you as the person without kids, like cut them some freaking slack, dude. It's also like they deice their house, it seems it sounds like they did all the things that they were supposed to do. Like reckless about it. Yeah, 48, 72 hour window of life, though I'm not a liest expert, so I don't know, but like it sounds like they did what they were supposed to do at least like you know the things that you're supposed to do when you have people of or so so Yeah, I guess they could have given you more of a heads up, but I don't know. Dthe teacher lice all the time pretty serious. I mean, all the times aggressive. I think it would happen like three times the first year. That was like it was serious ous day for me. Did you got the syour high school for me? I wasn't. I mean, she was dating me. So it was like I was over there all the time that that was the like the scariest day for me in school was like, fuck, am I gonna to have lice today? I never did have lice. But you know, there was always somebody who kind of surprising, I'm kind of surprised I didn't have life. Yeah, you could give a lice five. I use life life vibes. No. I mean, but every lice, every time that we would have that and weall line up, and they do the the comb thing, I was like, I just know today day's the day. I just fucking know it, and I never had it. But Lifor dude 's like, who cares? Just buzz your head and you're fine. You can. No, I know what I'm just saying. We all knew. It's like, dude, Sean fucking went home, is got like, because he like, bro, what that could do to your your whole, like, dude, fourth grade. I mean, we didn't have much else to talk about, you know? So it's like, dude, it was like, what do you think going on a show ementary school? Like, didn't really dudes like what? Dude, they brought in some outside people to come check this like this. We got to keep this under control. When you're nine, you don't know, you know, your life is over. Never. I'll never kiss. Life did seem like a bigger deal then. That's what I'm saying. Life is everywhere. Yeah, that's what that's that's. I was my point. You all felt like it was everywhere. Quicksand? Like, wow, absolutely. Te, that was probably cartoons. Was definitely cartoons. Yeah. Like I was even encounter quicksand. No. Is there even real quicksand? I don't think it's as quick as it is. I think it's a lot slower. It's a lot slower. But I think the same principles, you struggle, you know, you might be in trouble. By the way, I know there's quicksand. I've watched the videos of the zebras, but it looks more like just sort of, you know there was like a Star Wars template that you could and there was like the foam thing and Luke was always going into it. You're like, God, dudes are just freaked out about quicksand. Great, great call, quicksand. Like the last thing I would say on this actually email is that you know when I had bed bugs, I was not in a hurry to, I told people who needed to know, you know, people who were inviting me over the house. I'm like, Yeah, I don't think I'm in to coright now. I I'm still working through this. And I wasn't necessarily inviting people over to my house right after the window where I was supposedly clear from the bed bugs. My roommate brought it in, by the way. I wasn't telling people unnecessarily. Like I wasn't like once once I cleared the threshold, I wasn't like, you know, two weeks ago did have bed bugs here. I want to keep her shoes on. Like there was. I didn't I didn't do any of that. So, you know, again, if they think that they made it past the threshold of telling people about something that maybe you could be a little embarrassed even though you could just be like, Hey, it was the kids, you know, I'm not super upset if if medically they they're cleared or whatever. Like you don't just keep telling people, Hey, you could you could think of us as being dirty people if you want. Like you don't just keep bringing it. I just, I will say I have got it. Thanks. It's it's my life. I've really thought, like I thought things prekids that I've just like, you are an idiot post kids, you know, and those examples, do you want time to prethis could be a your own little breakout thing? Think about the t shirt stuff. One of the things was I remember working at espbn therebe guys with kids and to be like, Oh, do you see the new, you know, whatever movie? And they're like, nai don't have time to like, watch movies and stuff. I'm like, what do mean you have time to watch movies? Like it's just watch a movie. It's not that hard and I just don't watch as much shit as I used to watch and I'm like I now I feel like an idiot for like talking like 15 years like heart Yeah like I really want na see Marty supreme I goto find a babysitter like everyone's getting sick all over the place you go by yourself. Maddie wants to see it too. And I you know I did see one battle after another, though I didn't see it in the movie theaters. I saw the other night about the road scene. Know what scene you guys are? Talk about that much? Yeah, awesome. I had I had fomo just thinking about you guys watching that in theater. But no ex. I just, I just, it's hard, it's hard to do stuff. And I felt like an idiot because I'm like, wow, that guy was right. And I was just that like 25 year old idiot because there was a kid I used to work with back at the old gig who I remember when I had my first kid and he was like, Oh, ray, that's you, not ray. Not ray. No, no, no. This is the Spotify person, won't name any names, but I had the kid and you know, we were Senator to daycare and he's like, Oh, like you work from home, why does she have to go to daycare? I'm like, dude, you could not be dumber like that. You think that I'm just gonna with a six month old. I'm I could just like do my full time job with a six month old like sitting next to me all day. I would get nothing done all day. I did have only get myself glad I didn't say anything. It only gets yet like one day you'll figured out Kyle it's just like it's not you don't get anything done. I wouldn't be able to do my job. Also your sanity you know just to be able okay, I'm a better parent if I at the end of the day see my kid and have three, four hours of that kind of time with her, but it's just there's little things that a 25 year old Steve would have would have just been like, that's dumb. Like why wouldn't you just be able to like have your kid at home while you're working? Another example, right? Set up some sort of water station and just like Yeah like Ruster Yeah teach you how to the teach you how to push the lever. Is there a salt Lifor humans. Did we just invent something? All right. Golden handcuffs, 27, six foot one. 180. Bench, 320. Wow. 180. Bench, 320. Yes, two and a half. I was pushing myself. Hey, look, I just don't like when two and a half are in the way. I used one and a half during Covid to see how how far I could go. Spotter touched the bar, effectively ended our friendship. Oh, so technically we'll give it to you. I'll about that. D1 baseball player torn ucla. Wait, ucla ucll. Nice. Kept me from making the league Pioneer League. So I think that's some self depretation is good. Good. This guys off to a hot start here. Slow pitch, player comp, prime berry bonds. When our team is out of home runs and I absolutely can't hit a home run. I always do. I know. I'll never forget the first time I experienced that. All right? I'm not going to tell this driver to tell that. Here's a problem. I'm having a life crisis. I love college. After I got hurt, immediately took a job selling timeshare. I don't know what timeshare really. I didn't even know what timeshare really was when I started. I just needed a job, but I settled in quickly. Glad he knows now. Okay, here's the thing about timeshi. Know what they are now. Became one of the top reps in the industry. Started making really good money for my age. For reference, 200, zero plus a year. Wait, he made 200k plus year one, 23. Made 400K This last year, pulling down some duckets sun. That was a massive shift for me. I grew up with a blind, widowed mother. We had no money. I couldn' T Chase dream jobs because I was terrified of going back to eating ketchup and crackers or checking my bank account before going to Shake Shack. So what's the issue? On paper, things are good. I'm making money of accomplished real things. I bought a house. I got a decent 401K. I became a dad. I even won the Heisman and ncaa 26. Hell Yeah. But timeshare is nasty, man. It's a nasty, the things you do to people, the manipulation, the half truthe, straight up scams, it's awful. And I don't want to be that guy. I don't want to be, I don't want my gravestone to, say, timeshare salesman. I can't live with that. Morality aside, it's also unstable. Nobody keeps a timeshare job for more than five years. I don't want to spend my life scrambling, bouncing around, uprooting my family every time the music stops. So why does a Young man with a mortgage so what does a Young man with a mortgage or family do? I've thought about law school. I like negotiating. I like arguments. I like structure fits my skill set. But that's three years of school just to hopefully make the floor of what I already make. Now, if I look for another job in sales, I'm basically looking at 80K A year. It's just not feasible for me in my mortgage. I don't need to be rich. I don't need to live lavishly, except for my 2022Rolex sub. I just wanna pay my mortgage, do not have to tell my son no all the time as he grows up. I'm not averse to hard work and long hours. I just want na be able to watch my son play sports and keep my family secure and not streabout money like I was growing up. Please help. Why can't you sell something? Why can't you sell Mercedes? Dude, you're not gonna to just make 80 grand a year if you sell a Mercedes. You know I understand a direct route from timeshare guy to Mercedes. You could sell this. What can you sell those? I mean, you could at least have these guy like you're just seeing pictures of these timeshres, right? They're in a room and you're giving them like toasters or golf clubs, right? Isn't that what you're doing? Isn't that how it works? Like you know I've never done it, but I you still want to have a party where I brought a timeshare guy tuperware party, but it's a timeshare party. No, I wanted to do it to my friends where I was gonna have a party and then bring a timeshare guy in to fuck with them to make it seem like I was trying to get everybody invested. I tell the timeshare, got it. Yeah, fucking beat it. But now I gave it away because a couple of them listto now them know that it wasn't Kyle. I just want na stay on that point. Not well, but I want na get back to it. I think you kind of nailed it when I read it. Like that's the whole, if you're doing this well with this, doesn't that mean that you're gonna to be able to do the commercial for like you don't see commfor timeshare. You see commercial, well, help me get out of my eshare com. That's the only sleep you'll see some, okay. Well, the only thing that I've ever seen over the airwaves about timeshares is I'm a lawyer that can help get you out of your timeshare. It's the only thing I've ever seen. You know, why don't you sell a product that more people don't even know? What I have timeshare like actually is, I'm not even joking. Like what you so you buy, what do you even bought? You buy like a week, a year and these specific times and that's what you buy. It's like instead of they basically the pitches, like look at how much hotel rates are right now. Look at how much they've gone up in the last ten years. If you lock this in right now, you can you know go to this place. Tile you're me a timeshare I might sign right now. Dude, look at the red line going up. So you own like 1:50 second of of a piece of property for a specific time of year. Pretty much. Yeah, that sounds horrible. Or if you can't afford a vacation, I have a couple friends that have a couple that actually have sworn by it and then you buy, you like trade them too, right? You could like trade with other people for things in places and times a year, right? I don't. Yeah okay. And this is cheaper than just like getting an AirBNB depends on the idea is that you're appreciate everybody's in on on sharing the appreciation of a desirable location right? Yeah 50 something times if it's Oh Yeah a week kly the pitches you own something right? But you don't do you know the number of emails that really get from you arguing this is gonna turn to sec Big Ten all over again. I love that you said that thing about the look because I'm like doing guitar lessons. Like all it is is like, are you diabetic? I'm like, I'm just trying to figure out fucking mount jam here by doing all all right. You just, you leave me alone. I think the core of like what this guy y's about is really admirable. I mean, the seaalils, you know, there's a lot in there, but like if you went through that growing up and then money is super important to you, but not so important that it's like driving you, then I think you've kind of answered your whole thing here. Like if you can make another 400 grant Ted, another year doing this right, hopefully you sayour money. But if you saved enough, you should be able to handle some lean years. And then you already said you don't need like endless. You're not driven solely by money. So are you are you afraid of what it's going to feel like to be making 200 grand a year instead of 400? Like you just said to us that you didn't really matter? So isn't that kind of your answer? So stockpile less money, be psyched about what you did. I think it's great that your morality is in a place where like I don't really wanna have to do this. Like there's certain things that I've come across in 20 plus years of being in this business where I'll just be like, wait, so for me to have like done that, I would have had to have done this, this or this. Like I got to fuck people over. I got a lie to people. I got to mislead people. You know, if I have to run a business, I goto fuck with all these people. Like I don't know, I don't know that I want na do that. You know, Logan Roy is like, why are they selling us something that we want for a price that's fair want, right? And then it's like you screw them out, go up to the elevator off from 49, off from 49, you make them hurt. You know that's cool. And everybody wants to act like they can kind of be that guy. But if you're doing it to your friends, you're doing it to people you know and it's not just a group of local tv stations like it is in this tv show. I mean, maybe you could argue, Hey, I don't really know any of these people anyway, but you know, do you want to be the guy that they're going like that fucking guy? Because I guarantee you there's all sorts of stuff that you're just like, Oh, that's what happens. Hoa times, what? Divided by Kerry? The six. Like this doesn't seem to make a ton of sense here. So it sounds like if you had written in and said, Hey, I love this and I love fucking people over, but I'm worried about long term, then that's a much bigger above. But I just started living in heaven and I'm concerned about if you would said, like I care about I want to make a million dollars a year, then I'd be like, well, maybe you don't get to hit the reset button. You're younger. You went through something that's very, very specific and super challenging on top of everything else. It's probably grounded you in a way that makes you somebody like I would guess if your mother and you lost the dad and the mom's blind and you didn't have any money, you're probably gonna to end up being a better person because because of the way you would see the world through a much more challenging upbringing than most of us ever would. But I do think you kind of answered you like if money isn't the driving force in your life, then what do you care about leaving something that's making you feel bad about it at such a Young age? Usually gonna to be a little bit older to go, Hey, you know what? Maybe this isn't the coolest thing ever. They run those ads with those guys in those fucking suits, and they all have subs, by the way. But then it's like, how much did you make this week? Tyler? Oh, well, you know, 200k my first year and then take some them to do 770 in business this year. It's like, fuck you guys. The guys with they they always have those fucking suits. It's the most accurate way to describe exactly what you're talking about. Say why why you why do you have I said this week? I meant this year. Yeah what number? Ankles are showing. But here's the thing. Ankles are showing. No, it's always a high ankle cleavage. It's just like, all right, we get it. Depprobably double breasted. You know, there's some sort of inscription on the inside of it. Who knows? What was I going to say? Okay. But there's still a big, like his, his, I feel like we didn't solve the problem though. Like his issue is like he, it sounds like he has expenses for what his money intake is right now. And like, is it easy to just become a Mercedes car dealer or a car salesman? So many I don't even know. I have a buddy that only sells celariums. That's, it's his whole market. He just sells celariums. I mean, you goto find a really thing. I mean, it's a little bit leaner this time of year, but you know, that's why you, you, you really, you really reel it in in the in the spring and summer. People are ready to go in spring, you know, trying to get the steak done by jui would think if you're doing this well, I don't know how like other like you can't do, you can't do sales somewhere else. Like can't can't you then go to everybody and be like, I don't know, I don't know how the sales market would look at this guy, be like, this dude's a fucking badass, guys. Y's selling timeshare. Is you doing 400K A year in income? Like he can come in and sell our product? Or does the other place go like you have some timeshare stank on you and we don't want that? I don't know. I don't imagine if you're this good at this, then you're gonna to get another sales job somewhere else, sales whatsoever. Maybe it's fun to look like Zillow like for houses, but like just what can you sell? Like what about like industry level of tractors? Like big tractors? Not you can't even find these ones where they sell regular tractors, just tires ones are Yeah the tires itself cost 50 grayou. Know what I mean? Like what that stock less hright Yeah. Maybe you should just spend some time looking at things that you could sell. It sounds like you're a born salesman, man. So you you should feel a little happy about what you're doing. Feel a lot happy making it through that because that probably wasn't super easy, man. But I think your head's in right place. All right, thatdo it for us. Thanks to sorruti. Thanks to Kyle. I guess we I don't know, we always had to say thanks on the ringer pods. So then I could not say thanks to anyone. But then when I've been doing it, I feel like Tom and Kevin have been super left out. And I think there's like a divide. So if those guys if those guys are in San Francisco for the Super Bowl, let's go, well, Yeah, let's figure out a really good burger salad bar place in San Francisco. We'll do a fucking right. Hell Yeah. Okay, maybe we'll all wear jackets. Love it. All right. Thanks everybody. Happy New Year. Thank you to the listeners. And I don't have anything else. I mean, what else can you to say? I think that's pretty much it. I think it's pretty much it. Ryan mersolo show, Aral sports.
