---
ticker: ESTC
type: youtube
title: "Drill Down Earnings, Ep. 383: Elastic Q1 2026 earnings – ($ESTC) A Deep Dive with Cory Johnson"
channel: "The Drill Down"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fFbBHPY24pg
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 8432
---

# Drill Down Earnings, Ep. 383: Elastic Q1 2026 earnings – ($ESTC) A Deep Dive with Cory Johnson

## 视频信息
- **频道**: The Drill Down
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fFbBHPY24pg

## 转录全文

[Music] Welcome to drill down earnings. A quick look at quarterly results out from Elastic. This is first quarter 2026 numbers. That's where their fiscal calendar is. Don't blame me. I'm Corey Johnson, chief market strategist of history of capital research. I am not the keeper of calendars at Elastic, even though their headquarters are right down the street. But I do think this is one of the 50 most important companies in technology. And yes, we've done some work with Elastic over the years. And and uh um I know a lot of people there, some people I care about there quite a bit. But uh I look these Q1 earnings uh were better than all of Wall Street expected. Uh and indeed the stock surging as a result. Why? Well, it's growing and it's growing really fast again. Uh $415 million in revenues blowing away the estimates blowing away my estimates up 20% on a year-over-year basis. Um and subscription revenue, which is the bulk of their revenues, $389 million. That was higher than my estimated for all of their revenues, also up 20% on a year-over-year basis. Um and uh there's lots of ways to look at this business in terms of how big their customers are, what their customers are. Let's talk about what they sell. So this company sells products that um use AI and vectorization and have for a very long time long long before these were common words in the world of technology and and even in business where they understand what's happening with data where it's happening and that's used it was used initially for search right to the ability to search databases search large piles of information was also used for observability knowing where products are on a network and then finally used for security because once you know what's happening with the data and what devices prices are using it uh then you can have security and indeed they had a very strong quarter in security but overall all these businesses working right now uh profitability and cash flow 16% non-GAAP operating margins um the gap operating margin was -2% which results in a loss which was a better tax situation for them nonetheless they had really nice adjusted free cash of $116 million in the quarter ending the year with 1.5 billion so then you know this company's doing quite well but uh revenue growth again I think this is such an important number here, 20% on a year-over-year basis, driven by both cloud and their self-managed offerings, which have been around for a while here. Um, their cloud business in particular of 24% year-over-year with 2200 customers using their Gen AI products which were somewhat new to this world. Um, and uh indeed they had a very strong quarter in terms of uh getting customers, getting big customers to spend more even as they continue to add customers. subscription mix uh at uh salesled subscription up 22%. Let's remember about a year ago, a little over a year ago, they did a reorganization of their sales department. It it reflected a a one-time hit in sales that they said at the time was one time, but not everyone believed in the stock sold off like crazy. Uh and it looks now like the sales uh uh function there is going quite well. their security business again driving their results with one-third of new uh and expansion wins from competitive displacements kicking out old security vendors in favor of Nvidia and maybe their more comprehensive look at security uh including some you know big uh million-dollar deals uh uh in the quarter here and uh we spent some time with this company in Washington DC uh in the summer um or even in late spring I guess it was uh and they signed a strategic agreement with the US General Services Administration um uh and they've got you know they're advancing with some other products uh that other offerings and contracts that looks really powerful because of their partnerships with companies like Dell and Nvidia uh for the AI platforms. Now, subscriptions 94% of revenues. It is it is most of the game here. Keeping services light shows you how good the product works, right? If they can sell subscriptions and not have to spend a lot of money on services, that means stuff is working for this company. This is that true software. This isn't some company that will convince someone to buy stuff and then sends in an army of consultants here. And the subscription business, as I mentioned, 20% and big customers. So, there was customer growth. That's good. 7%. That's not a lot, but this has always been a land and expand story that they would get people to use a little bit of the software and then grow the business. And the large customers are expanding. The customers have spent more than $100,000 uh now up to uh uh $1,550 uh up 17% uh on a year-over-year basis. The sorry, the average revenue per customer, this is from my spreadsheet, not their math, but average revenue per customer up 17%. Think about that. when the customer growth is le less than 1% uh that really shows you how much growth we're seeing from their customers and how much they're expanding customers and getting bigger customers when they do add customers. The stock is down 15% a year but in right after uh the market closed and these numbers came out it surged to go up 17% in after hours trading. So a big bump in the stock uh making up uh for a lot in the last year and indeed the stock now finally up for the year. Um and again that's on the back of big customers. So over the course of the last four years with a target of big customers they have added 99% to their large customer account over the course of the last four years. Um and and the latest thing driving that is Geni Gen AI gener generative AI uh adoption is driving the spending. Um they've got as I mentioned 2200 elastic cloud customers now using their Gen AI workloads. Um and a lot of them spending a lot of money. CEO Ash Kcarnney who we've talked to many times uh even ke guy but this is a really strong quarter for the company you can see it from the stock reaction here's what he had to say &gt;&gt; this was a a really strong quarter with a very broad um you know performance strength that we saw across all solution areas um search uh driven by Genai continues to be a very strong tailwind for us um but this quarter we also saw security um you know it's and the the platform consolidates ation motion that we've been describing work very very nicely for us. I think one of the stats that I talked about was the fact that um you know a third of the business in security this quarter came from competitive displacements. Uh and you know these deals take some time to build but we are starting to see that momentum and this is primarily because customers are looking to consolidate onto platforms that tend to see security and observability as a data problem. And we've always done that incredibly well. &gt;&gt; So that was Ash Kalc Carney. You can see after a strong quarter, he's as even killed as he is always after any quarter, but this was uh the numbers look really solid here. Again, I'm biased on this cuz I like this company. I've worked with this company in the past, but um drill on earnings takeaway. What's the one number that tells us a whole lot? The thing you want to remember about uh Elastic and Elastic earnings? Well, Elastic Q1 2026 earnings. Uh your essential summary tells you that they had a just a really strong quarter, crushing Wall Street estimates with $450 million in revenues. That's 20% growth on a year-over-year basis. Um even though the customer account grew only by 0.7% uh this company that's that's using AI to uh understand company data to using company search to do observability and a lot of security again using AI to know what's happening with the company's data has been so successful for Elastic. It's really showing up in these numbers. And I think the most important number here is not their 2% increase in subscription customers, but it's the 20% increase in revenues for this company. It shows you that the new customers are big customers and that the big customers are growing their spend at the company, resulting in a very strong quarter for my friends from down the street here in San Francisco. Elastic. All right, thanks for checking out Drill Down Earnings. I'm Corey Johnson. Please subscribe at Corey TV and X, but yes, on Tik Tok, and Instagram, and on YouTube for our full earnings breakdowns. Uh, subscribe to our channel and you'll catch them all.
