---
ticker: ESTC
type: youtube
title: "Drill Down Earnings, Ep. 433: Elastic FY 2026 Q3 earnings – ($ESTC) – A Deep Dive with Cory Johnson"
channel: "The Drill Down"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FTxcykpVvY
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 9693
---

# Drill Down Earnings, Ep. 433: Elastic FY 2026 Q3 earnings – ($ESTC) – A Deep Dive with Cory Johnson

## 视频信息
- **频道**: The Drill Down
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FTxcykpVvY

## 转录全文

Welcome to Drill On Earnings. We have quarterly results just out from Elastic, a really interesting software company here. And of course, software's been destroyed by the public markets. But how is the business doing? What's the story behind the stock moves? We've got all that here. I'm Corey Johnson, chief market strategist for Pistrophy Capital Research. Elastic is one of those companies that we cover here. I think it's one of the 50 most important companies in technology. And uh they reported fiscal year third quarter results here. Better than Wall Street's estimates. Uh, Wall Street wanted 438 million, they had 450. Wall Street wanted 73 cents in non-GAAP earnings, they had 63 cents in non-G sorry, Wall Street wanted 63, they had 73. So, fine, better than estimates here. But when we dig a little bit deeper, we see really consistent revenue growth from Elastic of 18% in the most recent quarter, but well above double digits uh for Elastic here, going back for quite a ways. It's been very consistent here, as I mentioned, $450 million in revenue, biggest quarter they've ever had here. Um, and real steady growth. Subscription revenue in particular is 426 million of that. So, uh, an increase of 19% on a year-over-year basis. A the best revenues they can get are growing at a faster basis than the overall company here. This is all about search and AI, their search AI platform. Now, what is search AI for elastic? So, think about it for a business. They ingest data from anywhere. Now, unstructured data, whatever there is, databases, you name it. They put it all into a from whether it's in the cloud or onrem or SAS apps or logs or telemetry or security feeds, you name it, it all goes into a um a coherent uh uh ability to look at all that stuff from no matter where it comes from. Meanwhile, they store that and index it efficiently regardless of the database that you're using here. So uh the storage of that information and the uh the ability to get to it to retrieve it with relevance is important has always been important but certainly in this age of AI because the ability to feed this data from wherever it's from in an organization into an AI system using retrieval augmented generation rag as the AI nerds like to call it um so very important in a world of AI and I think that's why you continue to see this double digit growth for this software company here. Now, um, that search AI platform is really what's driving growth here. And they've reached this big moment. I don't want to gloss over this. All this focus on non-GAAP stuff. Gap actual gosh darn profitable. This company turned a profit. Um, which we haven't seen from these guys. I mean, look at look at all the red on the screen. If you're watching this on YouTube or Spotify or you're listening to us on a podcast, trust me, this company has not turned a profit before. And they're actually breaking even right now. And the pro progress has been pretty consistent getting closer and closer to that wonderful goal. Lots of free cash flow, lots of cash flow from operations, but actual gap profitability I think is an important sign for this company. Now they were able to exhibit this uh this operating leverage despite what they called macro headwind. So um you know on a non-GAAP basis they reported a 19% operating margin which is terrific. Um but uh you know they're they're careful how they're spending money right now. they've they've been, you know, tight running a tight ship over there even as they've flagged some macroeconomic and geopolitical risks to their forward guidance and I think that's something to keep an eye on the street didn't like those comments. I think it's why the stock sold off in after hours which I will get to but let's think more about how this business at elastic works very service light only 5% of revenues from service subscription revenues are 95% of the business so think about that in an age of AI when things are getting more complex when the needs to understand your data and get it from other places uh throughout an organization are greater than ever and you know they've got their agent builder product they've got their elastic workflows that are expanding into the AI stack and yet the services revenue is so slight I think it shows you the software force does what it's supposed to do and the customers like it. So their subscript subscription business cranking as I mentioned rising at a 19% uh rate on a year-over-year basis and the number of customers growing uh on a sub sequential basis up 3.8% those are the the big customers I should say up 3.8% 8%. Uh they're nearing 22,000 customers for this company. 470 customers are now spending over $100,000 a year. Um and they're using again their agent builder and other things that are really growing here. And they're spending more. The average customer is now up to $21,000 per customer. These used to be, you know, their land and expand uh profile their customers still exist. They still go after individual users who want to use something and try to grow it into their organization. But we see it's working. When you see revenues per customer in 2 years, 3 years going from 15,000 to 21,000, that's exactly what you want to see. And indeed, their big customer count, those spending more than 100 grand a year, have gone from under a,000 now 1660 customers spending over 100,000. That's an 87% increase over the course of four years. Now, the other thing I want to mention here is RPOS. a lot of focus on on how long these deals are being signed for uh and what deals are coming in the future and it's a predictor of what's going to show up in revenues assuming they close the or they you know actually do the business that they've already contracted to do. We've seen no evidence that they will do anything but that and the RPOS are surging. RPO is up 23% growing much faster than revenues. Their current RPOS CRPOS the stuff that's going to be in 12 months or less that's over a billion dollars. That shows some real visibility into the near term. Yes, some cautious words about macroeconomic problems, but look, these CRPOs are already booked. It's 12 months away for revenues. I think it's a really good sign for this company. Nonetheless, the stock selling off about 10% in after hours after a just horrible year. Like so many software stocks, maybe even worse. This thing's down 40% going into the print, down even more in after hours trading. Um, I'll also mention that the big customers are growing faster than the small customers just in terms of customer count. Uh, the customer count up only 3%. the big customers up 14%. That shows that they're not just signing big customers, they're also al also kind of promoting the smaller customers into being bigger customers and spending more and that's a positive sign I think for Elastic going forward. CEO Ash Carney just down the street here in San Francisco down Market Street. Uh we don't have to put our ear out the window to hear what he has to say. Listen, this is what he had to say in the conference call. &gt;&gt; CRPOs crossed over a billion. Uh we're at 19% growth right now. RPO's at 22% growth. That's the best we've seen in 2 years and we're very happy with the progress that we're making and if you just look at the absolute dollar additions that we added in the in the quarter, it's progressing very very well. So that's all pointing to the core things that are driving that CRPO growth which is strong customer commitments which now we've we've been talking about for a couple of quarters now and it's been a yet another quarter of good very good sales execution leading to strong customer commitments. So the AI tailwinds we talked about during financial analyst day, we're seeing them right now and they are continuing to grow as we see more and more of the 100k uh have uh or or adopt uh AI uh workloads from us. So we're we think that there's a good strong trajectory from this point ahead. &gt;&gt; So there you hear from one of our favorites, Ash Carney at Elastic. Um but what's this all mean? What's the big drilled out earnings takeaway and what's the one number that tells you a whole lot? Well, I'll give you that. But please subscribe to this podcast or leave us a comment wherever you're listening or watching this so that we know that you're out there. The subscribing to this, following this, commenting on this, all those kind of numbers help support what we do. Helps companies talk to us, want to talk to us, and see our great relevance. And maybe it'll help us uh provide more of these in the future. But Elastic Fiscal third quarter 2026 numbers just out. Your essential summary tells you it was a great quarter for Elastic in terms of just raw numbers. $450 million up 18% in a year-over-year basis. Uh the biggest quarter they've ever had there. Uh and finally profitable on a gap basis, let alone some nice cash flow generation as well. The market didn't like these numbers. They didn't like the cautious guidance. The stock as a software stock was really beaten up in the last year. Down 40% in a in a year going into this, down 10% in after hours trading. But I thought one of the encouraging signs here wasn't just the what we've seen from the company, but what we're going to see. I think the drill down earnings bite, the one number that tells us a whole lot is 1 bill650,619,000 in remaining performance obligations, signed contracts sitting at Elastic, a business waiting to be delivered. Over a billion dollars of that in the next 12 months. That's nothing but good news for Elastic, even if the market doesn't like it. All right, thanks for checking out Drillown Earnings. I'm Corey Johnson.
