---
ticker: ESTC
type: youtube
title: "Drill Down Earnings, Ep. 412: Elastic Q2 earnings – ($ESTC) – A Deep Dive with Cory Johnson"
channel: "The Drill Down"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNHGC55W2Zo
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 7859
---

# Drill Down Earnings, Ep. 412: Elastic Q2 earnings – ($ESTC) – A Deep Dive with Cory Johnson

## 视频信息
- **频道**: The Drill Down
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNHGC55W2Zo

## 转录全文

Welcome to Drill Down Earnings. We have quarterly results out from Elastic. It's one of the 50 most important companies in technology, and that's what we cover here at Apostrophe Capital Research. I'm Cory Johnson, chief market strategist. Uh Elastic is like the the godfather of vectorization, which is kind of the key element to the way that um uh generative AI and AI large language models are searched. So, it's interesting to see these Q2 results from this company. Wall Street likes a beat or a miss, and this was better than estimates. In fact, they raised guidance for the coming quarter and yet the market sold the stock off. So, let's take a look a little bit deeper and see what was there and was to be seen. So, like I said, strong quarter, 16% revenue growth. It's kind of where this company's been uh for the last year or two. Uh between, you know, 15 and 20% 16% this quarter. Uh pretty strong. It's a company that I follow really closely. We've had Ash Kolc Carney, the CEO on quite a bit. I'm going to see if we can talk to him next week as well. Um $425 million in revenues uh on a year-over-year basis. Again, really nice growth here for this company driven by broad AI workload adoption, large cloud commitments from customers, um, including five deals over $10 million in total customer value, which is big for these guys. 20 above 20 million or sorry, two above 20 million, not 20 above 20 million maybe someday. But, um, look, enterprises are are flocking to this company to manage their data and manage their own ability to understand what data they have, manage their security, and manage their observability. Those are the three things that these guys do. So, uh, nearing profitability, negative -2%, uh, EBIT margins, which means, of course, helps them out in the tax basis here, even as they generate free cash flow. Um, when we think about the business overall, these guys sell subscriptions very little in terms of services. The software is supposed to be installed and [music] work. And we see that happening here without a big services bill for their customers. And uh, when we look into that, you know, so so think of subscriptions for this is really the whole ball game, the whole shoot match for what they've got in terms of revenues. their agent builder um really successful product for them launching in a technical preview they said but um their elastic inference service again the ability to see what's in data and through a vector database and now create agentic workflows so manage that sort of vectorization process uh to create new uh outcomes using agents in AIdriven agents is a product that's it's an early adoption for them but um they say having AI agents that can work on unstructured data is a real gamecher for them uh going forward here and so that's why their subscription business is just continues to crank on. Um their security business also accelerating. They did an 8 figureure XDR deal um with a global chem chemical manufacturer. They talked about a in the conference call about a $26 million commitment from a CISA for their nextg uh seam as a service business. Um so [music] again AI really driving their business um and and having their customers re-evaluate their software needs and seeing the elastic as a solution for them and and to me the most important number that you can see here we've been talking a lot lately about um remaining performance obligations that is customers who say they're going to do a deal that they've signed a deal they can't put it into deferred revenues now they can't put into billings but they're telling us it's an RPO it's been booked that's growing at 19%. So think about the business overall that was growing at 16%. their contracts are growing even faster than that. Their current RPOS, the number they've just started to give out the last few quarters, so I didn't create a chart for it. We don't have enough historical data to do that, but they said that was up 17% year-over-year, up to $971 million. So, strong consumption across search, observability, and security, their three pillars of their business. Very impressive. And their RPOS are now growing faster than sales. As I said, nonetheless, the market didn't really love these numbers. The stock sold off. I look at the numbers uh at the very last moment. Down 12% [music] in after hours trading. Uh and the stock hasn't done much down 7% for the year. So the numbers keep getting better, but the stock keeps selling off. That can't go on forever. In any case, um Genai use cases expanding across their customer base. They said they've got 2,450 customers using Elastic for Genai. 3770 of them are the big customers, the customers spending over $100,000 a year. Um, and indeed when you look at their big customer count, it is growing so much faster than the 2% growth of their total customers. So big customers growing at 13%. It shows that they're sort of get in the door and land and expand, right? Get in the door with with small customers, grow that business really big is still the key to their success. In fact, if you look over the last four years, the big customer growth is at 93% up to 1,600 this quarter. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; um which really shows Ash Karnney, the CEO we've talked to and hope to talk to next week, the success he's having there. Here's what he had to say about the how their customers are starting to use Genai using the their own data that Elastic uh software is starting to search uh and use to use Genai to come up with their own solutions using elastic using their own data without going outside of that closed universe. Here's Ash Carney. As more and more companies start to deploy more and more of these kinds of applications, I would expect our penetration to grow, I would expect the breadth of revenue that we capture from each of these accounts to grow in the cohort of AI users. We see them growing faster than the rest of the cohort. So that to us is a very important metric. We measure it, we track it. We are constantly looking to make sure that we win the AI workloads in every account. Uh you know this is going to be something that we just keep working on and it's going to keep growing. &gt;&gt; So we can see the see the steady success in the numbers even if we don't see it in the stock at this moment but it's one to keep an eye on here now. Um what's your big drill under earnings takeaway? What's the one thing you want to remember about this? Well I have all that and one number that means a whole lot. But first subscribe to this podcast. Uh click smash that that follow button. whatever platform you're watching us on, whether it's YouTube or iTunes or Spotify, whatever, we really appreciate you following us. It's good for us to know and we can know if you subscribe. [music] All right, so Elastic Q2 earnings 2026 earnings uh Q2 for them. Uh their your big drill down earnings takeaway and the one number that means a whole lot, the drill on earnings bite. Well, look, great quarter for the company in terms of revenue almost uh what's called 423 million up 16% on a year-over-year basis. um strong consistent growth from this [music] company. But I think the one number that tells us the most that drilled on earnings bite is 1 bill56,725,000 in remaining performance obligations. Remaining performance obligations that is contracts for the future are growing faster than revenues suggesting good times to come from elastic. lastic raised beat numbers whatever Wall Street wanted to beat my numbers as well beat uh uh they raised their guidance for what they expect next quarter and the market might not like these numbers in after hours trading but I thought they looked pretty pretty good. Thanks for checking out Drill down earnings. Check me out at X at Corey TV and of course on Instagram, Tik Tok and on YouTube at drill downpod.
