---
ticker: STRIPE
type: youtube
title: "Webhooks at scale: best practices and lessons learned"
channel: "Stripe Developers"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2O-QS-A7jo
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 34347
---

# Webhooks at scale: best practices and lessons learned

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Stripe Developers
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2O-QS-A7jo

## 转录全文

Um yeah, so I'm here to talk about Webex at scale. I'm going to talk a little bit about my experience uh dealing with web specifically and what we build and how that's relevant. Um so quick intro, I'm Alex Sal, French Canadian. Uh to keep it simple, just call me Alex. Um so I'm the co-founder and CEO of UKD. Uh at UK Deck specifically, we build an event gateway, but it's going to be I'm going to be talking a little a little bit about that uh later. Uh but just to give you an idea, we sit in between the providers that you integrate with that send web hooks or events to your application and your own servers and services. Uh specifically, we've handled over a billion web hooks uh by now. And so uh we know a thing or two about how things can get uh ugly dealing with web hooks. So the first point I want to make is when we talk about web hooks for most people we think about HTTP post requests we think about HMAX signatures and kind of like the the the requirements around the transport itself but behind every web hook it's an event and really working with webbook is working with event- driven architecture and so um I have this like saying where I say webbooks are the gateway drug for event- driven architecture and what we see in a lot of teams they don't necessarily have event- driven pip pipelines built out using whatever message bus like Kafka or whatever you name it and their first exposure to event-driven programming paradigm and the architecture considerations are from working with web hooks. So why are webbooks hard? There's three main kind of like categories uh three main reasons. Um so the first one is because it's exposure to event- driven paradigm event uh driven programming paradigm and so therefore there's the same conf considerations that you would get in any other event- driven systems and so there we're talking about out of order duplicates uh queuing dead cues alerting back pressure management troubleshooting retries all those sorts of issues then um it's a fundamental difference with normal event- driven systems because you don't control the publisher. Usually when you work with the message bus, whatever you've worked with like uh Reddus or uh Rabbit MQ or SQS or PubSub whatever um you control the publisher. You run a service that publishes to those to those and you get control over how uh many are we publishing, what is the scale of those services and so on. And you also control the downstream consumers, right? The thing that's particular with web hook specifically is that you're basically acknowledging that it is a web hook because it's coming from someone that you don't control, right? It's coming from Stripe, it's coming from Paddle, it's coming from PayPal, it's coming from Twilio, whatever you name it. Um, and you don't get to go to Stripe and be like, uh, yo guys, my server's down. Um, so I don't want any of your web books right now, right? Uh, you kind of just have to suck it up. And so, uh, that is one of the fundamental constraint of building um, for web hooks. And then the last part is that you're not just integrating with Stripe. You're sitting with Stripe, you're integrating with Twilio and all the other ones that I name. and they're going to have different timeouts, different retry logic, different signatures, different guarantees around uh ordering or around uh guaranteed delivery and so on. And so when you're building, you're not building for the best one. You're not building for Stripe web hooks. You're building for the worst one, right? You're building around the constraint of fio that's going to retry a single timer after 30 seconds, right? Um, and so most often what we see nowadays is that you're no longer integrating just with one. You're integrating with multiple at once and you need to take the design considerations for each of the provider that you integrate with. So I want to run you through some of the problems and some of the solution that we've seen in the wild, right? Like obviously I have like 20 25 minutes here I'm probably going to run over because that's just how it goes. Um but um and so I can't like go in depth on all those things, but I want to like try to have a lay of the land of what are the things that you need to be thinking about, right? And afterwards come talk to me and we'll get nerdy. Um so the first thing I want to talk about is like the event driven problems and so those are out of order and at least once. Um there's a bunch of like kind of subset issues to that. Uh but the biggest thing is that you can't you can't trust the order of the web hooks that you you get with no providers. Um and uh the fact that those systems are built on at least once guarantee means that not only uh is it a risk that you get duplicates if you're operating at a big enough scale you will get duplicates, right? And so you can't build around the assumption that ah whatever it's not going to happen to me. It will for sure happen. And so your system needs to account for that. Um I like an example here. Let's say you get like a subscription updated right from Stripe. And so your code tries to put that in uh update the subscription database, but the subscription created um occurred after, right? And so now you're going to run into an error because that record doesn't exist in the database. Same thing if the created happens after tries to insert a new row in the database. Well, now um now potentially you've already inserted it from the updated and you run into a primary key conflict or like what have you, right? So just a couple of examples but before we can talk about solutions there there's one concept and there's this one thing everyone in this room if they want to build event architectures needs to understand to their bones is the concept of in potenti so there's this one interview question I ask every single engineer it sounds kind of pedentic but it's like what's the difference between a HTTP post request and HTTP put request right most people will tell me oh well use post to like create a resource and you'll use put to update a resource. Yeah, but that's not the real reason. That's just a manifestation of independency. And so what we mean by the potency is that when you do the same action multiple times, you get exactly the same result. Right? The thing in HTTP and REST world that you're kind of for sure used to is that you get to decide if something is an opponent or not. You get to decide if you're using post or if you're using put, right? And you get to tell the user, hey, by the way, if you call this post endpoint multiple times, you're going to get multiple resource created, right? In event- driven world and with web hooks, you don't get to choose. Everything always has to be in the potent point blank regardless of what it does, right? Except you if you don't care, that happens multiple times, but I guess you could define that as independent in some ways. Um, but assuming there is some consequence like you're sending an email to to a customer. Um, well, you don't want to do that twice. If you're processing a transaction and you're refunding the customer twice, right? Like that sort of stuff can't happen and you don't get to decide whether or not it can or not happen. You need to design around that consideration. Um so I'm going to share three ways to deal with infancy. I can't like cover all the strategies and no one strategy fix fits every use case. You have to mix and match depending on what are the specific design criterias for your application. So the first way is to fetch before processing. And before I get into like the specifics of that, uh, Stripe two weeks ago released, uh, stripe tin events, which is a new payload format for their web hooks where instead of sending you all the webbook data, they just send you IDs. And so they tell you, hey, this subscription was updated, but I don't tell you anything about the subscription, right? The reason why they're doing that is because they know people are doing this. They're fetching before they're processing. And so what that means is that they get the webbook instead of doing anything with the data in the webbook, they just go fetch the API and ask Stripe like okay this subscription give me the data for it. And the advantage of that is now you don't really have to care about order because you use the notification just as a mean of showing something happened and you always refresh the data from like the data source. Now that has constraints though because you have API rate limits, right? And so you might be fetching from Stripe or from Twilio or whatever when you're trying to populate that data too often that you run into rate limits. And so it scales only to some extent. Um and it also only works if what you care about is just the state of the event. So it's in the the sorry the state of the object in the case where you're doing like record syncing for instance. The second uh strategy is to upsert by date. And so the idea um here is to say you have a transactional transactionally acid compliant upsert strategy. In this case here I have an example using um Postgress where you can natively do a upsert in a single SQL query. And so the idea here is that like you will update an object um either create or update the object regardless if the event that you got was for a update or a create. But you're also going to do it conditionally based on date, right? And so the idea is basically instead of reordering, you're ignoring data that you're getting that is uh older than the data that you've already processed, right? So in the case of subscription, if I get the the updated and then the created, my update is going to insert the row in the database. my create is also going to try to insert the row but the date is going to be um like smaller well before uh the record I already have and so it's going to do nothing and I think that's great after that is based on the result of that query you can compare the dates to know whether or not you did actually upsert and do your logic based on that so if a customer subscribed and you want to send an email for instance you can do it only if the um the upsert was for a create right and so basically if the dates don't match because then you know that uh well if the dates don't match you always an update. If they do match, you know, is great. Um, and so that's great if you are dealing with higher throughput for instance or API rate limit constraint. Um, if you need to know that the data is the most recent, right? And so like this the the the fact that it's different than the one that you had before matters. Um, if but there's a limitation that you must be keeping track of records. The big warning I have here, this needs to be transactional. If you're doing that in two different queries that are not transactional, regardless of what underlying storage engine that you're using, this is not going to work because you're going to run into race conditions. Uh, last one is tracking the processing state. That is especially relevant in the context where you're not actually keeping the records and you have nothing to compare against. And so the idea here I have a kind of like Node.js example is that you're using a separate storage um that needs to be async client once again uh to track whether or not for that specific web hook you're you already processed it you're processing it or you've never seen it before in which case if you've never seen it before you process it. if you are processing it. That is very important. You want to return an error, right? Because you don't know if uh the event you're currently processing will finish processing uh successfully. And so if it doesn't, you want Stripe in this case um or whatever system that you're using uh to cue those those uh those web hook to know that a retry is going to be needed, right? because you only want to return a in this case 200 in the example I have if you know for a fact that you've processed it successfully. Right? So that's it for independency. I'm going to move on to a next topic that has a lot more to do with architecture. Um so one big uh design criteria I kind of had the example of like your server being down and you not being able to tell Stripe to stop sending you events. The other thing that we see very often when it comes to Webbooks is that there's going to be very bursty uh traffic pattern. And so you're gonna have instances for instance where you do a bulk update of all your customers because you're adding a new tag or whatever. Um and you're not necessarily going to consider the side effects of like each one of those update is going to generate a customer updated web hook, right? And so lesson learned in what was it 2018 I want to say. Um, I was on my I'm probably a little bit early in that. Anyway, I was on my first uh software engineering job and a couple months in, I took down the production API by sending a new email campaign that was relying on customer IO webbooks, right? And so those are kind of like the hard learn lesson, sent email to half half a million people. Our server needed to generate dynamic content for those emails. And so we got a webbook for each one of the emails that was going to go out. Took down the production server on a Friday night. Um and the lead back involver wasn't really happy with me that night. Um one thing that you'll notice also is that um the way that capacity and timeout relate to each other is not linear. And so that means if you go ever slightly over your capacity, your response time is going to skyrocket, right? And that compounds with retries and um an exponential backoff retries because the other thing that you'll see is like for instance if you fail Stripe is going to retry 30 seconds later. Well now guess what in 30 seconds you're getting the retry and any new webbook that you were also supposed to get right and so that problem compounds and then the back off on the retries will build up and then at some point you're going to end up with events that are going to be retrieded in six hours right uh which now becomes a freshness data freshness issue. Um, and so the point is like you need to be able to deal with those spikes and there's in our experience virtually no system that has uh outard constraints on its scal scalability that will be able to not time out and so you need to build the system in such a way like I'm getting ahead of myself in the solution. you need to build the the system in such a way where it's completely decoupled from any of the processing that you do so that it can scale to any of the volume that you get right um here have like an example that we have from like our website it's like what a deck replaces but like the the components in there are still relevant um so the idea is that you want your ingestion worker whatever receives those uh requests to be decoupled from the processing and cue all of the events that you get and then process from the queue itself Right. Um, one thing that people will all often tell me is like, "Okay, but Alex, like I need to filter." Like for instance, like I'm getting I'm building a Stripe app and I'm getting web hooks from everyone that ever installed my app and even if they uninstalled the app, I'm still getting web hooks. And so it's like obviously you don't want to cue all of that. Um, and so you need to like verify whether or not like that that user is a customer, right, for that web hook. But the way that you want to do this is basically on like a um optimistic design where uh you try to figure out if it's a customer or not and if you can't figure it out then you assume that it is and you figure it out later, right? And so uh for instance, you can have like a caching layer on your ingestion where you're going to have aggressive timeouts of let's say like half a second or something on the lookup. And so you're going to try to verify if a customer exists in the the the KV. if it if you can't or the timeout expires on the KV lookup, you're just going to do as if it exists and whatever is consuming from the queue later will then run that logic again like for all 10 purposes, right? And so you can kind of like optimistically do it earlier in the process. Um but you need to make sure that there's nothing where the event volume on the injection itself will will take down downstream services. Like for instance, if you're running like a Postgress database, like you for sure do not want to be quering Postgress from your services that are receiving those web hooks because not only will at some point you'll run out of connections for instance on Postgress, but it will also cause like starvation issues with other services that you might have using that same database and so on, right? And so isolation is the key at the ingestion if you don't want to time out. Um, now though you have I I think we doing a Q&amp;A at the end, so save your question. Um, now though you have another new problem which is you've put a bunch of stuff in a queue, right? And it doesn't mean that everything you've put in the queue you're actually able to process. Um, and so the second consideration that you have is how much can you scale based on the amount of uh things that you put in that queue and how do you manage back pressure? Back pressure is that concept of in queueing theory where essentially if you have more than you can process you accur delay on how fast you can process it and so you either need to like increase the throughput on that queue or you need some other mitigation to deal with the fact that you know you're going to have a delay. Um and so there's like best practices around that in terms of understanding very well what your scalability constraints are. So the workers are going to be pulling from those cues. How many requests can they actually process? How many workers can you have working at the same time? What is your baseline operating capacity versus what is your terror terical capacity? Right? Because if you end up in a back pressure situation, you want to know what's the maximum you can scale to without your having downstream impact on the other services or having other uh processing cap capacity issues. Um and uh the last part is you want to instrument that queue. You want to know when there's back pressure. And so there's like usually two metrics that you're looking for in you're in SQS world or GCP world or whatever. And those are Q depth and max age. So you want to set up alert triggers whenever the queue the messages in the queue are there for certain longer than certain amount of time or there's more to certain amount of messages in there. Right? In a deck we have this concept where we calculate the kind of the intersection of the two. So, how long they're in there versus how fast we're processing and we give you like an estimate of how long like it will uh be in the queue. In most other systems, you kind of need to like work that out yourself, right? Um, okay. Next point is that eventually something will fail, right? And so you'll do a bad deploy, server will go down, database will crash, worker will crash, like the list is pretty long. And so in that situation if you care about data integrity you basically have two solution. The first one is to design so that you have processing guarantee. And so that means you need to evaluate every single components in the in the request chain and make sure that each one of those components is guaranteed to either process or persist if it doesn't process. So in the in the case of message cues, we have the concept of acknowledgement and knacking. I don't even know not acknowledgement. I guess I've been saying knack for the longest time, but I don't even know what it stands for. But um the the point being uh in a message Q, you will guarantee that the message is there as long as you're process correctly acting or knacking. And so as you evaluate each one of those like components in your request chain, you need to make sure that each one of those are doing the right operations to be able to guarantee processing. And so that's one way. And so when you're operating under that processing guarantee, the way that you're looking at it is basically I'm looking at all my audits. I'm looking at what failed. I'm looking at my dead cues. And if everything's clean and I know that my chain is correct, then I know I have data integrity, right? Um but that requires a lot of testing and that and careful careful engineering. Uh the second one is reconciliation. So that basically means like screw all this. I'm just going to fetch all the new all the data and resync everything. Uh it doesn't necessarily work for for uh for every provider. In the case of Stripe for instance, they have an events API which is very convenient for doing that because you can just like uh reconcile from the events API itself. But in other APIs, you might have to like go and fetch like the individual resources like the products and the orders and that sort of stuff to be able to reconcile. Usually it's very tedious to do that and after like major incidents that cause data integrity issues it can take like several days to like effectively reconcile unless you've had like the foresight of building like all the reconciliation logic at a time and so on right um you know what for the sake of time how am I doing on time Ben okay I'm gonna just like this one's kind of self-explanatory I'm just going to skip over it for the sake of time um Okay. Uh, you know, I was like I was debating cutting the previous one, so like whatever. Um, okay. Um, the the last point I want to make is around aability, right? So, I talked about the alerting for the back pressure. I talked about uh auditing your system to make sure that like you're acting or knacking correctly and all that. Um, but the last part is that you don't actually know all the events that you got and you don't really get visibility into what failed for and why, right? And so like the way that you uh solve that problem is that you build a centralized event log. And so what we see companies doing for instance is that they'll process all the web hooks that they get, right? Kind of like everything we've just been talking about. But they're going to have a second pipeline that also puts all those web hooks, let's say in like elastic search for instance, right? And so from elastic search, they'll be able to like go and see all the historical event they got, search through it, find like specific events, and like when customer support comes in and it's like, "Hey, uh, Alex, like this specific order, where is it?" like it's not showing up in the in the the 3PL or something, right? You can go back and trace like, okay, yeah, like this is the web hook that was supposed to get processed and kind of like what happened from there, like was there a processing failure or like did we not process it correctly? Now we need to like retry it and that sort of stuff, right? Um, and so that's like a very common pattern. And the last part is like more often than not, people have built their centralized event log, they'll have a critical outage and then they're like, "Okay, now we need to replay." and then they're not gonna build the replay tooling for it and they're gonna spend a week trying to build the replay to tooling that is like sufficiently efficient to replay let's say the 20 million web hooks that uh that need to be replayed right um and so depending on the scale that you operate at you might need to have a little bit of foresight of like don't wait until the incident happened before you build the replaying tool build a replaying tool before it happens right so now I want to go on a tangent because everything that like I talked about is is just like webbook best practices is like best practices we've been building and understanding over the last like 10 years. Um but there's actually a lot of things that are changing recently. Um and so I want to highlight some of those things because uh I think we're going through kind of a fundamental shift on how we're thinking about eventability and web hooks and so on and I want to point those out. So like the first one is event destinations. Um actually you know what I'll just like quickly mention all three and then we'll deep dive. Um so there's event destinations, there's event gateways which what a deck is but we have competitors. Um and then uh there's also just like we're seeing more investment from the platform and the publishers like Stripe like Shopify and so on in their own um events, right? So for instance like uh Stripe just released 10 events I was talking about. Um, also Shopify just released native support for filtering on their web hooks. Um, and for a while I was working on deck and like basically no one in those companies wanted to talk to me. I mean maybe we're a bit small at that time too but like the point is the point is for most of these like Shopify for instance did not even have a team working on web books right like they did not even have a PM working on it. Um and now everyone that we talked to like Stripe, Shopify, Twilio and so on all have dedicated teams are working on improving the experience there. Right? So the big two fundamental changes I want to talk about is event destinations. Um Stripe released in general availability when I say a couple months ago correct me if I'm wrong. Um there's support for event destinations in Stripe. uh you can basically when you go to register a webbook now you don't register web hook you register an event destination and you choose a type and the type is either web hooks right my point about web being a delivery mechanism at the start um or AWS event bridge so in their case they're only supporting two Shopify supports uh pubsub uh twilio also supports kinesis and so what we're seeing is like the big players are pushing a lot of events are seeing that webbooks have issues right a lot of the issues that we've talked Oh, it doesn't fix all of them, but it uh does fix some. Um, and so now they're starting to encourage you of saying like instead of getting this by web hook, getting directly to your message bus kind of makes sense, right? Because we remove everything around the ingestion, a lot of security concerns and so on that we've been talking about. Uh, specifically, uh, UGD is the main sponsor of the event destination initiative, which you can find at this website. The event destination initiative takes inspiration from what Stripe is doing and is bringing it as a generalized set of guidelines for the industry as a whole. And so we're working with other companies and partners on defining what those guidelines are. And maybe more importantly, we just released Outpost. Outpost is a open- source implementation of event destinations that is available to uh anyone to um uh to use and deploy to support event destinations within their own uh product SAS and so on, right? Uh so that's just like an example like uh I was super excited when uh Stripe posted this. It was like the invitation for the beta beta of event destinations. That was sessions two years ago. Um so it's been it's been uh they've been working on it for a little while. And then uh the last thing I want to talk about is event gateways. Right. So at the start I started by saying is an event gateway. We built an event gateway. You guys probably have no idea what invate gateway is other it's other than in the fact it's like slightly intuitive by the name. Um but what we're seeing now is more and more competition. Um there's been products in the market like AWS event bridge that I would qualify as an event gateway for a while. Um and uh there's and competitors are building this and so you're going to see more and more products are trying to fix this problem and a lot of the problems that we've been talking about. uh what I'll do is I'll quickly like go through like three small demos um of how deck tackles some of those issues right but more specifically like the components of an event gateway like when we say an event gateway what do we mean right and so like in my mind this is a uh new cloud infrastructure primitive that serves a similar role to what an API gateway has served but for asynchronous event- driven applications um and there's like three core components to that so component one is the ingestion layer that we talked about along with routing, filtering, um, and so on. And so basically, it's your event management. Like, can I start? Is there a mouse in the middle screen? Oh, no. It's in the recording. All right. Good. all right. Let's get through. I need to Okay, so I pre-recorded this video. I need to narrate over it, and I'll try to get the pacing right. All right, so there we go for the first one. Okay, so here I'm using uh deck with Terraform. So I'm using the Terraform provider. I'm going to be registering a new source indecipe source. I'm then going to use the terapform provider to register that web hook with stripe using their API um and the source URL that deck will give me and then I'm then using the web hook secret that stripe returns to uh associate the authentication with that stripe source. And then I'm going to create two destination one for my invoices and one for my subscriptions. Those are HTTP endpoints are going to be processing those events and I'm going to set a delivery rate on these. Right? So like invoices as a 10 concurrent subscription 10 per minute. And then the last thing I'm going to wire those things together. So I'll connect my source with my destination and I'll set filters on it. So in this case I'm filtering for every event type that starts with invoices dot and also every invoice where the subtotal is greater than zero. Right? And then I'm going to set up my second connection. Uh well and I have a retry rule. Um I'm going to set up my second connection. Um and then this one is going to be for my subscription. And so it's similar where it's filtering on the customer uhsubscription event type. This is what it looks like in the dashboard, right? So you can kind of visually see what we just did in terraform. So I have my uh I have stripe. I can see that the authentication is enabled. There's some historical events on my stripe source. Um and then I have my two connections with the filters for uh the customer subscription year. And then uh the other one for the invoices, right, which is what we add in Terraform. And then the last point is going to be my destinations. And so my destinations are just like the HTTP URL where my server lives and my business logic lives. And UD itself is serving as my queue. Right. Actually, I did faster in the video. Jeez, I thought I thought I'd be running behind. Okay, that brings me to the second point where the second responsibility gateway, which is message queuing and throughput control. So we're going to the second demo here. We kick off where we were. So in this case I have my subscription API which has a limit of 10 per minute just for the sake of the demo. I can see there's cued events on it. So I'm going to go to all my events. Um and then from there I can filter on pending specifically and zoom in on the timeline. So I can see I have a big purse of event that came in and they're all cued. So that means now I have back pressure. If I go to my issues I can see there that I have a alert for a new back pressure issue where it says there's more than one minute delay on that destination. when I go inside the issue, I can look at the data associated with it. So I can see there's 23 minute of back pressure that has been accured and there's 225 events that are in the backlog. So what I'll do in this case, I'll uh check the delivery rate. I can see that everything is kind of behaving as expected. I can see the spike in the chart. I'm going to go check my server response time. I can see my server is actually responding pretty quickly, 100 millisecond right now. And so I know I have the capacity to scale higher. So, I'll go back and I'll edit from uh 10 per minute to 50 per minute to try to deal with some of the back pressure. So, as I do that now, I can see that like we fast forwarded like a minute here just so chart would update. I can see I'm now delivering at 50 per minute and my back pressure went from 23 minutes to 3 minutes. And as soon as my back pressure is fully recovered, the issue will get resolved. And then the last component is the event log and the retries. So in this case I'm looking at my uh historical events I received. So I can see like for instance I have my uh subscription year. I can look at the editors and then I can look at the body. In this case I'm interested in what customer uh this was um associated with. So I can see the customer year. Now I'm curious what other events I have associated with the same customer. So I'll go and I'll filter for all the requests where the customer ID is in the payload, right? And so now I can see there's multiples are associated with it. In this case, there's invoices that actually failed. I have a 500 error. So, what I'll do is I'll open it. I actually know what the error was. Um, and so I know now that it's been fixed in the meantime, and it's safe to retry. So, I'll go in and I'll retry that specific event. Now, it's been redelivered. I see it's 200. I'm feeling confident that the problem has been fixed, but I still need to deal with every uh every other errors. So, I can go to my issues. I can see that I actually have uh I'm going too fast now. like 50 something other errors uh that are for the same 500. So I can look at the issue, look at the histogram and then I can like just send them all for retry. So all 52, right? And they're going to give get put back into the queue. So I can see my retry progress and just like in here my retry is complete, right? So those are like the three main components of gateway and like a deep dive of how specifically we solve that problem. Others are going to have their own approach and solution. Um and it's still a category that's uh that that remains to be defined uh in the sense that like that is very much something that's in process and like that's the kind of like innovation we're working on to like simplify uh the uh building with web and uh external event streams. [Music]
