---
ticker: STRIPE
type: youtube
title: "Dave Ricks, CEO of Eli Lilly, on GLP-1s and the business of pharma"
channel: "Stripe"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-FmVCDx_kFw
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 134522
---

# Dave Ricks, CEO of Eli Lilly, on GLP-1s and the business of pharma

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Stripe
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-FmVCDx_kFw

## 转录全文

You spend more on uh medical R&amp;D than Germany does. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We're at the nation state level. It'll be $14 billion this year. Could you imagine this? Like you go to a restaurant tonight and a bottle of like $100 Napa Cabernet is like $14,000. But then the waiter says, "Don't worry, &gt;&gt; that's not your copay." &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I have like a at least one or two AIs running every minute of every meeting I'm in. And I just asking it science questions. &gt;&gt; So, which one do you use for science? &gt;&gt; Either uh Claude or the X AI. What would you guess the average caloric consumption per day in America is? &gt;&gt; 3,600 calories. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Isn't that incredible? &gt;&gt; I'm the 11th CEO of the company. That's one less than Pope in that period of time. &gt;&gt; Where did you learn to pour? &gt;&gt; I actually learned in Ireland. Okay. Do you want me to leave it down? &gt;&gt; You're you're the expert here this way. &gt;&gt; That's an excellent pint. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Dave Ricks is CEO of Eli Liy, which is now a $700 billion company and the world's most valuable pharma company. Eli Liy is 150 years old. They grew up as the first company to massproduce insulin in the 20th century. But today, most of the company's business is in the new GLP1 diabetes and weight loss drugs, where they've become the market leader. Simultaneously, Eli Liy is upending the traditional model by selling directly to their consumers over the internet with Lily Direct rather than through the traditional middleman. &gt;&gt; All right. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Thanks for coming. &gt;&gt; I'm very impressed that you came and you just poured your own pint. &gt;&gt; My own pint. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Major flex. &gt;&gt; Have glass. We'll pour. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Actually, a good place to start. Tell us about your um Nvidia announcement that you just had. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, today at the what's it called? GTC conference. They have they unveiled that we're well underway actually should be done by the end of the year. But building a supercomputer on on prem for us really just to run proprietary drug discovery models. We think it's the biggest um biologically focused supercomputer there is. &gt;&gt; And certainly the biggest pharma has done. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Um with B300's latest chipset and uh yeah, we're only constrained by power like everyone else. But um yeah, we've built a bunch of tools. We'll run them on that and uh scientists use it to sort of co-invent, co-develop, focus mostly on chemistry to begin with, but we'll expand from there. &gt;&gt; And so is the idea here? you have some target, you've had some challenges actually drugging it and so you give it to one of these new chemistry models and just you ask it whether it can come up with something totally orthogonal beyond what correct human might have tried. &gt;&gt; So take a take a really good popular example is like &gt;&gt; uh GLP1. So that's a hormone peptide that we all excrete. It engages targets that are what we call um G-proin coupled receptors. So they're hard target hard to drug targets on the outside of cells and to try to mimic a big huge protein with a very small chemical is a complicated undertaking. And by the way do only that and not other things that are unourred. And so this is sort of a frontier of drug discovery that's been tough and very empirical. That's a hot area for this kind of technology because these strange arrangements of atoms don't look like other drugs that have come before, but they do follow the principles of organic chemistry and seem to engage these targets effectively. I don't know of one that's come through the machine-driven discovery process, which is really machine plus human, that's made it to the clinic yet, but they're coming. And I think that's exciting because those have been structures that are they don't exist in nature. And yet uh the machines are alien and they can predict these uh these interactions. I'm always struck by um Derek Lowe's arguments where he's always sounding this note of caution I guess um about the uh the optimism and maybe what he might view as boosterism around AI and biio medicine where as I see at least his two claims are one it's really hard to select the targets and AI doesn't help you that much there &gt;&gt; and then so much fails at like human toxicity and again at least so far AI has not all that helpful at that step. &gt;&gt; Do you do you agree with him or is he overrating you know these particular challenges and maybe underrating the challenges that AI does help solve or you know thoughts on that argument? &gt;&gt; Probably we need to create the equivalent of what got created with human language which is a a more complete repository of biological knowledge to train against before the machines get a lot better. And today I don't know I would estimate we might know 10 to 15% of human biology. So the machine is not going to be good at all until we get way above 50%. That probably requires you know robotic 247 experiments just to create training data sets and you know sort of this kind of big lift effort the kind of thing actually NIH should be doing right now I I would think but that effort is not ongoing at least in our country. But I think if that gets going, I think we'll know more and the machines get better at the harder big problems. System prediction. &gt;&gt; Patrick and I um did not well just didn't finish any college. So not only don't have uh you know formal training in computer science, but don't have formal training in anything. You did not come up through the science side of Eli Liy, but you seem extremely comfortable with the science. What has been your method for ingesting all this stuff like and especially as you're essentially making science decisions at the end of the day with the top level capital allocation decisions? Just how do you &gt;&gt; No, that's right. I think we probably make three or four important decisions a year and they're all science. I don't know. Stay curious. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Read. &gt;&gt; Read what? &gt;&gt; I read a lot of medical journals. I go to conferences where data is presented. I spend time with our scientists. Stay curious. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Now I have like a at least one or two AIs running every minute of every meeting I'm in and I just am asking it science questions. &gt;&gt; So you found for your learning um chachi or whatever your &gt;&gt; I don't use that one for science actually. It's too too &gt;&gt; garble. So which one do you use for science? &gt;&gt; I tend to use either uh Claude or the XAI uh one. I I find it more tur and more the references actually check out more often. Sometimes the AIS produce references and they're actually not &gt;&gt; the thing that it said. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. &gt;&gt; And that takes too much work to go cross reference. &gt;&gt; So for an autodid act presumably the emergence of LLMs has been transformative for you. &gt;&gt; Well I think for learning that's a whole another topic we could talk about but you have to sort of question the like pedagogical kind of method period. Right. If you can just learn continuously &gt;&gt; it's mastery learning for everyone. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. So you take advantage of that. But you know early in my career I started in our business development M&amp;A group and I spent my whole time a scientist looking at little companies and projects in other companies and trying to understand what they were worth. Well then you have to understand what they do and you know I found that part of the industry. I didn't expect that when I came to Lily. I came to the company accidentally, by the way. But when I found that, I was like, "Wow, I loved it. This is so interesting." And then I had a moment where one of the projects I worked on became a medicine in the US and my mother was diagnosed with a condition and she got put on it. &gt;&gt; And so then that's that's the magic. It's like, okay, you can work on things that change people, but the people you care about. That's &gt;&gt; you saw the full end to end impact. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly. From lab. so special. &gt;&gt; You have four big decisions a year that are kind of grounded in science. How quantitative versus qualitative do these end up being? Are you Rick Rubin where it's all taste based and you just like the feel of this direction or you Billy Bean where it's a Moneyball type, you know, the ROI pencils? And &gt;&gt; I think the system does a lot of the Billy Bean. I think that's a change at Lily that's made us more successful. I think we've actually put together a decision process that's quite a bit more rigorous than it used to be. and that leads to fewer bad decisions. That's good. So that's sort of like the the bumpers on the bowling alley that you put up. So but then within that whether it's a strike or a single pin that's a little bit of the judgment and taste and there though you know wisdom of crowds I think we have a great leadership team and we all come with equal voice and sort of debate. We actually have a rule to like never decide in one meeting. So you're asking about the day but we we like come back to it. think about what others said and kind of push it again &gt;&gt; and are you deciding &gt;&gt; ultimately yes nothing happens unless I say go and if I don't like it then that definitely doesn't go but people often persuade me um and I definitely changed my mind and some of these are projects within the company so what's the structure of the industry we have huge expenditures on R&amp;D I think more than any other sector is a percent of revenue we'll spend almost 25% of sales this year &gt;&gt; I like I like the way um of putting it that you spend more on uh medical R&amp;D than Germany does. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. We're at the nation state level. It'll be Yeah. 14 billion this year. Total NIH, which is &gt;&gt; the biggest thing on earth that spends money is 40. So that's getting close. Yeah. But uh some of those are projects we've been working on for a while and now we have a data set. Now we need to make a decision to go to the final stage. The final stage of testing the average drug costs three and a half four billion to make. More than 60% of that is the last step. So that call is the big one. the earlier ones of like go forward. Okay, it's there a lot of small things that add up. You can waste a lot of money if you do that poorly, but you know there's a portfolio so that's unlikely but usually we're carrying five to 10 projects in the latest phase and those are &gt;&gt; and so like the phase three trial exactly that's the question. Yeah, that's the question. What to test it in, how to test it, what's the design of that go, no go against that criteria. And that stage, yeah, is going to be burning a billion plus a year. So it's a big investment &gt;&gt; per program. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And of course, the returns on most drugs that make it through that are not positive. So it's not just can you get through that but will you produce something useful enough to create excess value for society but also the company to keep the whole thing running. That's the exercise. &gt;&gt; Okay. So to this point um the dynamics and the funding of clinical trials determines so much of uh of the portfolio dynamics for you. I think anyone who comes across these clinical trial figures and mechanics um asks themselves &gt;&gt; why this yes. So, um, I looked at I looked at the numbers. So, apparently the, uh, the median, uh, clinical trial enrolle, it now costs, uh, $40,000. You know, the median US wage is $60,000. Uh, so we're talking 2/3. Why? And why couldn't it be a tenth or a hundth of what it is? &gt;&gt; Yeah, brilliant question. Um, and one we've spent a lot of time working on. We've done a lot of things to improve the drug development process. So taking a systems approach and I think one of the reasons Lily has probably the highest return on investment in R&amp;D in the industry is because not the picking of winners and losers but the actually the process by which we run it. I think that's at least as valuable as what we've done. We can come back to that if you want. But the piece we've really not moved is the enrollment of clinical trials. This sounds this is going to sound super arcane when I go through it. and the cost which is escalating about 78%. That's um over the last decade that's about the same as the health care system and that's not an accident. When people go what what why does a trial cost so much? Well, we're taking the sickest slice of the health care system that are costing the most and we're ingesting them. We're taking them out of the healthare system and putting them in a clinical trial. Typically, we pay for all care. So we are literally running the health care system for that those individuals and that is in some ways for control because you want to have the best standard of care so your experiment is properly conducted and it's not just left to the whims of hundreds of individual doctors and people in Ireland versus the US getting different background therapies. So you standardize that that costs money because you're sort of leveling up a lot of things. But then also in some ways um you're paying a premium to both get the treating physicians and having a great care to get the patient. We don't offer them renumeration, but they get great care, an inducement to be in the study because you're subjecting yourself quite often, not all the case, but to something other than the standard of care, either placebo or this, or in more specialized care, often it's standard care plus X, where X could actually be doing harm, not good. So, people have to go into that in a blinded way. And I guess the consideration is you'll get the best care. of the $40,000, how much of that should I look at &gt;&gt; uh as inducement and encouragement for the patient and how much should I look at it as the cost of doing things given the regulatory apparatus that exists? &gt;&gt; Probably the patient part is like the level up part and I would say 20 30% of the cost of studies typically would be this. So you're buying the best standard of care. You're not getting something less. Um that's medicine cost. You're getting more testing. You're getting more visits. And then there is a premium that goes to institutions, not usually to the physician, the institution to pay for the time of everybody involved in it plus something. We read a lot about in the NIH cuts that the 60% Harvard markup or whatever. There's something like that in all clinical trials, too. Overhead, coverage, whatnot. But it's paying for things that aren't in the trial. &gt;&gt; US healthcare is famously the most expensive in the world. Yes. Do you run trials outside the US? &gt;&gt; Yeah, actually most. &gt;&gt; Most. Yeah, I mean we want to actually do more in the US. This is a problem I think for our country. &gt;&gt; Like take cancer care where you think, okay, what's the one thing the US system is really good at? Like if I had cancer, I'd come to the US. That's definitely true. But only 4% of patients who have cancer in the US are in clinical trials. Whereas in Spain and Australia, it's over 25%. And some of that is because they've optimized the system so it's easier to run and then enroll, which I'd like to get to people in this in the trials, but some of it is also that the background of care isn't as good. So that level up inducement is better for the patient and the physician. Here the standards pretty good. So people like me, do I want to do something where there's extra visits and travel time? There's another problem in the US which is we have really good standards of care but also quite different performing systems and we often want to place our trials in the best performing systems that are famous like MD Anderson or the Bighgam and and those are the most congested with trials and therefore they're the slowest and most expensive. So there's a bit of a competition for place that goes on as well. But overall I would say like in our diabetes and cardiovascular trials many many more patients are are in our trials outside the US than in and that really shouldn't be other than cost of the system and to some degree the tuning of the system like I mentioned with Spain and Australia toward doing more clinical trials for instance like here in the US you have you everywhere you get uh ethics clearance we call IRB the US has a decentralized system so you have to go to every system you're doing a study in some countries like Australia have a single system. So you just have one place, one stop and then the whole country is available to recruit those types of things. &gt;&gt; You said you want to talk about enrollment. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It's fascinating. So drug development time in the industry uh is about 10 years in the clinic, a little less right now. We're running a little less than seven at Lily. So that's the optimization I spoke about, but actually the half of that seven is we have a protocol open. That means it's an experiment we want to run. It's we have sites trained. They're waiting for patients to walk in their door and to propose. Would you like to be in the study, but we don't have enough people in the study. So, you're in the serial process, diffuse serial process, waiting for people to show up. You think, "Wow, that that seems like we could do better than that if Taylor Swift can sell out a concert in a few seconds. Why can't I fill an Alzheimer's study? There seem to be lots of patients." But, um, that's health care. It's it's very tough. We've done some interesting things recently to work around that. One thing that's an idea that partially works now is culling existing databases and contacting patients &gt;&gt; proactive outreach &gt;&gt; where right where you have like their lab values from a where before there wasn't a treatment now there is one being studied would you like to be a part of it that's something we're doing now with our LP little a program that's a cholesterol subtype where there was nothing to do about it a lot of people have had it tested and it's high you can say hey you're you're high would you like to do something now but it's still a lot to be done there and the data is sitting in electronic health records in our country is very poorly organized. So it would be good to optimize that. I think the other is actually just go directly to the patients. So who has the most interest? It's usually the patient and that physicians and their institution may not be in the trial or they might not be interested in spending much time on this and &gt;&gt; that's kind of what I want. I want to get an email as you say um you know the system knows you know my health data and what conditions I have and so forth. uh and um be told that a a package will be arriving tomorrow with a drug. Uh I can take the drug if I want to if I want to participate in this trial. You can include whatever disclosures um and you know some some nice person will come every month or whatever and take take my vitals. Exactly. Measure my blood pressure and what have you. Are all these intermediaries in the systems and the you know the the hospitals and so forth are they are they required intrinsically for the kinds of trials you want to run? Obviously it varies a little bit on the condition of the drug. &gt;&gt; Depends on the disease. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. Right. Well, how I guess yeah. So, how much of it is there in fact intrinsically required given the you know the characteristics of the condition and how much is it uh is it this is how things are done. &gt;&gt; Yeah. What you described is actually a great vision for where we want to go. We we've executed one of these at scale which is fully enrolled which was our Alzheimer's prevention study. It's a more complicated medicine. It's an infused medicine but we ran this with one investigator in the United States and we we screened over 80,000 people. By the way, it's the fastest acred Alzheimer's study in history. Even though it's pre-limers, it's it's people with the amaloid precursor protein, but not dementia. It's fully enrolled. We're now we've treated people. Actually, no one's left on treatment. We're just watching them now because the treatment's a nine-month course to deplete amaloid and see if that can prevent the symptoms. So, that was a very successful trial. Just what you said. They got a uh instructions to be in the study. There was a televisit. They got some diagnostic tests blood-based that went in and said, "Okay, this is the sort of an indicator you might have high amaloid, then you can go to get a PET scan and if that was positive, you could be enrolled in the study." Pretty successful. So, we'd like to replicate that. I think one very interesting thing in the future of medicine is that I think we will have a lot more preventative medicines in the future. And I think this type of study in particular is well suited to prevention because you have sort of the people who are worried about their wellness. So they're motivated. They have means. They're in the middle of their life. They're working. They don't have complications of coorbidities and so forth. They want to be in the study. And I think they they would like to prevent terrible conditions like Alzheimer's. So that's that's an exciting new chapter we can push. &gt;&gt; So um do you know Paul Jansen? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So um &gt;&gt; explain who Paul Johnson is. Come on. Paul, as I understand it, was behind the discovery, invention, what have you, of more medications than any other single. &gt;&gt; I think a Belgian guy. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yes. Yes. I think &gt;&gt; who invented a number of uh &gt;&gt; 79 or 80, &gt;&gt; the MVP of medicine, &gt;&gt; Michael Jordan of invention. Yes. Um Okay. So, amazing guy. when um some outsider comes to the uh clinical trial process and system and just the the development pipeline overall, maybe they naively think, "Wow, this seems so torturous, so expensive, so bureaucratic, what have you." &gt;&gt; Well, that's how it's got to be. &gt;&gt; But that's how it's got to be, you know, um or if if they think it can be otherwise, uh you might think that they're naive, right? There's a video interview with Jansen from I think it's from the '9s. It's from, you know, quite a while ago. I mean, he's he's dead now. Where he's recounting the history of of his career. He started the company in 1953. That was at dead on twickling and research. We could go go back to doing it the way we used to. And it's it's kind of a it's a societal choice to make it so bureaucratic. I guess it's it's an explicit and implicit one. The explicit part is through time there have been accidents and nothing is perfect. We probably have 2,000 man-made approved medicines versus natural products or vitamins or other things and maybe 400 unique mechanisms. So there's clustering within those. There have been problems and there's also been problems that turned out not to be problems. And so our detection ability is flawed because of that. I think each time that occurs there was intervention in the system which is sort of a global consensus but mostly the developed economies kind of harmonize their systems either directly or indirectly to say oh no let's require more information or rebalance the risk. &gt;&gt; We've had this ratchet. Have we gone too far? I think that it's a function of what the technology is at the moment and I think in in past times yes you can take the the 2000s in the US where there were two big controversial drug approvals that were later retracted um the bio situation with Merc and then Avasten from GSK. These were both drugs that were for different uses, pain and diabetes. But through a detection requirement that the agencies because now we can we have electronic records we can look at things picked up what they thought was a trace of uh risk pro both cardiovascular risks and intervened with labeling and escalation until finally both companies actually removed the products from the market withtood billions of dollars in product liability suits only to find later under a different analysis that there was nothing to be seen there both of them and I think that's there's like an ascertainment pro bias problem with these studies. There's also who is looking at this data. But that caused a 10-year chill in drug development. And the Aandandy one, we know well, we work in diabetes, actually caused a policy change. And the policy change was you must rule out cardiovascular risk prior to market entry. And as you may know, um, some conditions like diabetes have a more continuous variable you're measuring. And so studies can be short and cheaper glucose levels. Other studies like cardiovascular event studies are not a continuous variable. It's a binary variable and you have to wait for natural history to occur to pile up enough variables to have a statistical difference. Those are four to five year undertakings. So there you just bought four or five years of extra time before you could get any new diabetes medication. We got better at doing them. But that was expensive. Now has that reg that's the explicit. The implicit is the regulatory problem. There must be a name for this problem. some smart person's given it but regulatories are added but never taken away. So the regulation is still there. Now by happy accident we are all now really pleased with like ankertons like our toepide to run them because they frequently demonstrate massive benefit on cardiovascular and in some ways it creates a barrier to entry for the next lowcost Chinese program or whatever because it's this big expensive thing you have to &gt;&gt; as with many regulatory. Exactly. So is it right? No. We're imperfect as people and certainly as decision makers at a collective level. I would also say the technology for seeing early signals has changed and improved including uh computer technology and it's probably worth a reassessment &gt;&gt; paying for prevention. You were going to ask. &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's talk about that. Um because uh say with uh you know GLPs in the weight loss context uh they uh economically pay off over a very long time horizon. But if you're looking at a short-time horizon of an insurer or an employer, they don't necessarily. And so that's created this challenge for reimbursement where, you know, not as many people reimburse GLPs for weight loss as you think would be rational. Y &gt;&gt; um that that just will always be the case with prevention. And so how do you actually develop drugs that are commercializable and reimburseable? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, in the obesity case, I'll I'll take a little bit issue with your first assertion and then add two other problems. the the data actually is becoming more clear that within actually a two-year time frame and I hope at Stripe you reimburse these medicines for your patients or for your your employees within two year you can you can break even based on total medical costs so there's this group called ISER which is funded by someone who hates our industry and the insurance companies and they analyze all new drugs and usually seeking to prove that they're not worth it that's sort of their mission in life they just analyzed our medicine and semolutide and they said actually they're both cost effective at current pricing In fact, Zeppbound or Trospatitide was the threshold they have is to save $100,000 per person per year in downstream health costs and it was twice as effective as that at the current pricing and the current pricing isn't going to stay. Let's be honest, there'll be more competition. The government wants to lower our prices. So, you know, we're I think we're in a good place there. Now the two other problems are there's sort of this incumbency problem in health care like many things but particularly in healthcare where the last thing in is scrutinized the most and the base stack of services and products we use is never revisited. &gt;&gt; It becomes standard of care. But displacing that in most therapeutic spaces and in the healthare system in general is extremely difficult. I think we suffer from that here. If the first medicine we had to treat metabolic conditions was tzepide in 1972, &gt;&gt; I have no doubt it would be reimbursed everywhere and broadly used in the system. &gt;&gt; But they had the ratcheting effect &gt;&gt; thing are just stacking on top of it and it's difficult to remove benefits. It's easy to deny new ones &gt;&gt; and that's true in government funded systems but also at you know big insurers. I think the other thing that's going on with this one and why we're spending so much energy exploring, you know, real indications for comorbid diseases that go with obesity, which is so far pretty successful, is that the idea of just treating someone who's overweight or obese without any other illness to many people I think exposes a bias we have about that particular condition that if it wasn't something you could see, you might not have. But I think we are conditioned to think of someone who's overweight as someone who is not disciplined. The data does not show that actually like our ancestors roaming the plains or the whatever the tundra of Ireland walking across the ice bridge from Norway were um in a background of starvation. And there are very few humans on Earth that have a genetic background that has any limit on food consumption. It it's irrational. It's a wasted piece of code. It did no good. Now today, in today's environment, we're in the flip, the complete flip, especially in the here in the US. We're there's food everywhere we walk. I came across your stat. What would you guess the average caloric consumption per day in America is? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Is that incredible? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's really &gt;&gt; And here's an interesting stat. When you're on our medicine, um, how many fewer calories do you do you consume on on average &gt;&gt; on one of the GOP ones? Um, &gt;&gt; you don't need to swing it that much to cause meaningful &gt;&gt; 800 calories a day. &gt;&gt; It's 800, &gt;&gt; which is almost a meal. &gt;&gt; If you go pull up to In-N-Out Burger, like &gt;&gt; that's second breakfast right there. &gt;&gt; Second breakfast. Exactly. So, that's why people lose weight so success. &gt;&gt; No wonder all the food companies are so worried. &gt;&gt; And the tr Yeah. And the trick is people lose the weight and they don't feel miserable. &gt;&gt; Mh. &gt;&gt; Right. So, here's the thing about being obese is people when you start to gain a little bit of weight, your set point sort of readjusts. This is the missing code we have. And there's only one direction which is up is better. And the more up you have actually the more hunger it creates hyperinsulinemia which is a hunger stimulating hormone and it sort of starts to overwhelm the counterregulatory system which is G incrretins GLP-1 GIP the the ones we were making medicines around and you're out of balance and there's no going back. And interestingly, even when people lose weight, that balance still seems to be off. Which is why if you've ever gone on a crash diet, &gt;&gt; you feel like constantly. You want to hurt people. You you're angry. And on these medicines, that doesn't happen, &gt;&gt; which which is the the miracle of people feel good and lose weight. &gt;&gt; If you have a medicine that is recurring and it's it's, you know, it presents some income stream for um &gt;&gt; for for Eli Liy. Now maybe nothing is truly recurring in the sense that you know all all patatterent protection ends um but but but nonetheless um there there's there's some something on ongoing basis and I guess there are various ways to extend that. Then some genetic medicine comes along it's one &gt;&gt; Yeah. One and done. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Is it in practice possible to charge enough upfront such that as a company looking at its portfolio &gt;&gt; pays back the R&amp;D. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You are in fact neutral as to which it is because from first principle it's for the patient. It's way better to do that. &gt;&gt; I think you asked about a value prop value perception problem and I think we need to overcome that. We're doing that by studying and all these other conditions. People recognize the conditions and then we'll ensure &gt;&gt; and because obesity is sort of this master switch to all these things that's an achievable thing. It just costs a lot of R&amp;D. &gt;&gt; I'm talking about perception. I think he's talking about reality. &gt;&gt; You're talking about actually pricing &gt;&gt; which is why is it that the industry's evolved to have a unit pricing model? It would be it's back to like a shrink wrap software world, right? where you're basically just shipping a box and all your value has to be captured upon that invoice. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; that is how we price all. &gt;&gt; You're currently, you know, in the SAS model and you know, tech people know that SAS is way better than the shrink wrap software business model and genetic medicines are shrink wrap software and it's like, you know, wouldn't you be crazy to go back even though it's better for the patient? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I think so we have some genetic medicines coming and we're thinking actively about this. For instance, we have a medicine development that will knock down your LDL if it's safe enough. In a one and done, PCSK9 edit in your liver and presumably that will last the rest of your life and your LDLs will be between 20 and 40 forever. &gt;&gt; It looks like an amazing drug. &gt;&gt; Yeah. If it's of course there's problems with these delivery systems. We have to rule out safety. But let's just say it works. How would one price that? Because you're displacing a medicine that costs I don't know 8 $9,000 per year, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; We need to innovate that pricing model. Why haven't we? It's mostly because the consumption side has no capability to do this. Particularly governments have built all back to the regulatory uh incumbency problem built all this stack of rules around the idea that I buy one unit I pay X. Whereas here you buy one unit &gt;&gt; and we want money over time. What is that? But it's conceivable that one could create like a licensing concept stealing from the SAS model where you say we'll do the procedure for free &gt;&gt; and as long as it's working for you, &gt;&gt; you will deposit X amount in our bank account and you're getting the value and we're getting paid for our research. If it doesn't work, you know, so that that invokes a warranty as well. That that's an interesting idea and one we're thinking about for these more common because so far gene therapy is mostly for uncommon things where that they've over they've just charged it and someone's paid but for common gene therapy to be really be unlocked this has to be solved. &gt;&gt; It strikes me that we're describ you know we're discussing how people's lives are affected by all these treatments and what pharma companies can produce which are themselves downstream of what pharma companies can afford to invest in. Yes. which there but for the grace of God go we uh you know the patent time horizon is an arbitrary number that you know we have ended up uh with I sometimes think about you know off label use is uh you know very valuable in the US system you can imagine another universe where we hadn't ended up with off label use being permissible and things like this &gt;&gt; do you think we need to spend more time trying to discuss and metaedit the R&amp;D system and incentive system that we have um because it just has a such a huge effect on people's quality of life. &gt;&gt; Well, yeah, thanks for the question. I I'd love to talk about this. So, I think a lot about this and I think if your point of view is that we want more new medicines like that would be a better outcome. &gt;&gt; I'm my world. Yeah. And I am too. Then I think there's definitely many flaws with the current system. Strangely, most of the discussions I have about this are actually we have they don't say it out loud but there's enough new medicine and what we really have a problem is affording it. Now interesting fact in the US the most expensive healthare system in the world we spend 10 cents on the dollar on medicine. The other 90 cents go through everything else that medicine medicine is trying to prevent. &gt;&gt; Go back to 196 less than 10 cents. &gt;&gt; Branded medicines are eight. Two 2% is generics which is 90% of the volume. That's an even better deal. &gt;&gt; We have to get some generics. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But um go back to 1965. Medicare and Medicaid were invented. We've gained I believe eight life years of life expectancy since then. And most studies would say five or six of those are due to medicine. Yet think of the cumulative expenditures by taxpayers since that time. It's not even close. We should be saying who can we give money to to do more research because this is clearly a better way. &gt;&gt; Uh to get through life. The direct way is the NIH. We can talk about that if you want. That has limitations because institutional government, but the private market fund selfunds either through capital markets or through our R&amp;D line. And there would be a lot more funding if we had an idea of price stability or a longer return period. That is definitely true. The patent system is what it is because of former rules. Moving it out in time seems exceedingly difficult in this climate. But actually, &gt;&gt; despite the fact of course it's shrunk because of the longer approval timeline. &gt;&gt; It's de facto shrunk. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then actually the Biden administration passed a rule in the inflation reduction act to actually have government price intervention in the US at five years plus two. So basically seven years you lose that in that ability to recoup investment in the same way. &gt;&gt; Government price intervention it always um always works out well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. It it doesn't produce surpluses. Let's put it that way. you don't get more medicines that way. So it's actually it is collapsing I think in investors mind and you can see that in the capital markets if you look at the large cap pharmas not lily but the other ones the multiple is the most compressed it's been in 20 years if you look at biotech the XBI I think half of the XBI is trading below cash yeah &gt;&gt; and then if you look &gt;&gt; because of this &gt;&gt; venture half of the rounds last year were down rounds this is not a positive &gt;&gt; would extending the patent duration actually work because you referenced earlier this dynamic where you know there are especially with biologics there are now so many um so many opportunities for copycat molecules and therapeutics and so forth and so like does it matter less what happens with patent windows because what actually matters is the competitive ecosystem the ability for fast follow &gt;&gt; yeah I I think we end up with two competitive ecosystems you have the the on patent one and here I think history would show actually within a 10-year period which is typical recruitment time &gt;&gt; we've solved clinical trials you know separately to their &gt;&gt; okay so it could be that's a way to get there right is we could simplify the regulatory framework and have longer return periods and increase returns to investors and get more investment that's actually a real idea but um typically in classes by sort of the horse race and accidents along the way it's pretty uncommon you end up with one medicine often you'll get many we can talk about GOP ones for a minute we only have two right now but there's probably 80 in clinical pipelines right now globally uh we have 11 others but there's probably 70 others not coming from Lily. So there will be tons of competition, but the history shows that back to this medicine incumbency, once two or three sort of get in the works of things, unless you're kind of different, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; nobody really uses it. And pricing strategies have not worked. Now, they don't work until there's actually a biosimilar or generic event because here the it's not a, hey, I'm $100 and you're 90. Typically a generic event, you'll lose 97% of your pricing the day your patent expires. So this is a fantastic deal for society, but a terrible situation for an inventor. And if you came along late hoping to induce competition, you maybe even were half off the originator. Now you're half off is &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. 90% lower. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So there's no return. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, so, so, um, in order to stimulate, um, and to, um, you know, catalyze more R&amp;D, you know, one thing we could do is we could extend the, uh, the 20-year window. Uh, uh, what else can we do? &gt;&gt; Either you can get it quicker to market or extend the market. I think pricing for value is a good idea to consider. So, today, particularly in the United States and in many uh, exus markets, I would point out a few of the, you know, the Commonwealth markets are different. They've they've tried to implement a price for value scheme &gt;&gt; because they're single pair. Well, most are singlepayer outside the US, but because they chose that path instead of a negotiated outcome or something. But the US, we have a multi-payer model, but it's devolved to the situation where actually it's very commercial kind of thing where there's a price point a manufacturer launches at really nobody pays that price. There are then many many price points below that. The lowest is defined by law. It's Medicaid. Actually, the law is called Medicaid best price. So state Medicaid, they spend 5% of their dollar, 5 cents a nickel on medicine, not 10 cents, because they get lower pricing per unit. Big insurers like United Healthcare, etc., get a very good deal as well, approximating the government. Um, and then smaller insurers and smaller employers get a worse and worse deal. That's the way we do it. Um what it means is that manufacturers compete mostly not on value but on the pricing offering uh on sort of a the difference between the spread between the list price and whatever that person got. Making it even worse, a number of intermediaries in that system that bulk buy take their returns on the percent off list. So the higher the list, the better they do. And I think that's a terrible incentive. these PBMs and there's some jeep group purchasing organizations like this that should go away. And I think health is different than other commodities. It's it's probably has a much more important social role and deciding that the smallest the little guy gets the worst deal and the big guy gets the best deal to me feels unethical. So I would be for a system that um there is one price point people can say yes or no to that. That's one way to have value. Uh as an employer, you could say that's not worth it. We're not going to pay for that and this one is worth it. That can be informed by really independent intermediaries who study these things, look at all the claims records, look at how people do on the medicine, weigh the risk and benefits and produce pricing that happens in lots of other markets. Bond pricing, like lots of people do this for a living, just not in medicine. And I think that could be a useful tool in the US system. So that if you produced a truly surprising and positive clinical trial result, you you could actually charge more and that would induce other people to say, "Oh, let me go for higher risk, more valuable indications instead of just do the base that gets you in the door now. Negotiate with your commercial team to drive more return. Oh, and the patent clock's running out. Let's go to the next medicine." I think that's not a great system right now. There's the much discuss like maybe the top discussed um topic in pharma that people know about generally is uh farmer pricing and the disparity between the US and internationally where uh you know all the cost is in R&amp;D the cost of actually producing the drugs is fairly um low and so uh singlepayer health care systems internationally pay very low prices and so the R&amp;D cost is borne by the US. Yes, I think the biggest problem is not only like at the margin maybe you have fewer drugs um uh developed uh because this uh phenomenon because you know you have uh fewer returns. I think honestly the biggest problem is the uh social issues you it creates in the US where uh it turns people against pharma and you know the insulin price disparities between the US and Canada um and things like that &gt;&gt; which no longer exists by the way because we fixed that but &gt;&gt; but that was like the hot topic. was a hot mess and that's a classic example of this commercial environment I spoke about. I mean our actual net on insulin really hasn't changed. It's like $30 or $40 but the list price got up to 275. Why? We were competing on the spread and so that just drove this huge and so on the spread. What do you mean? &gt;&gt; Okay. though uh insulin. So it was the latest versions were launched in the 90s and 2000s but they got quite a long in their life cycle because &gt;&gt; as in close to the end of the &gt;&gt; well they were past their patent window actually but there were no competitors. Why? Because net pricing was pretty low. How could it be so low? Well, the incumbent players, mostly Novo and Lily, come back to that on GLPs as well. Same players, had a lot of capex in the ground and to start a new insulin company made no sense at the net prices we were achieving. Yet, at the same time, the public viewed this as this outrageous price gouging because list prices, if we were getting about $40 a month of therapy, were like 270. And so, we were &gt;&gt; So, who's getting the 235? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, middle actors. And so um big PBMs like United Healthcare Runs and CVS and Express Scripts, we're offering to employers and others uh the government as well. Um we will create an auction and in this auction we'll get a take on the percent we save you off the list price and um you'll get a lower price than you could on your own and we will create an auction by and these were this is actually a highly interchangeable class. um they're not exactly the same substance, but they are pretty close. And so they could do this more easily and they'll say, "We'll just pick one." And every January manufacturer, mail us your best deal. And the best deals that tended to win, we learned through time, were those that had the biggest spread between a high list price and a low net price. So we competed on this. What do we do? We kept raising the list price and modestly lowering our list, our net price. That was how the market evolved. And after 10 years, you had this huge bubble, gross to net bubble. And who is paying? Okay, so you weren't real payers, but the person who walked in the pharmacy with no insurance, they had to pay that. That's outrageous. That's what I mean. That that should not exist. We were able to disarm that through a number of actions. But the critical first one was we went to the government and we said, "We don't want this problem anymore. We're an innovative company. &gt;&gt; It looks bad for you. &gt;&gt; It looks terrible and it's also producing these unfair outcomes. We're going to because no generic has applied for a copy of our medicine or biosimilar, we will create our own." So we launched our own biosimilar. It says Lily on the bottle. It says insulin lice pro which is the generic name and we priced it really cheap like a third of the regular product. Similar net price actually but quite a bit less. Interesting fact that launched all these insurance companies and middle people called me and said why'd you do this? I said well because we're trying to lower in some prices. They said don't this is a threat to our model. I don't care like we have a higher calling. &gt;&gt; And in the first year, no formularies covered this. &gt;&gt; So it was really only for that cash payer. No insurance company picked it up even though it was dramatically cheaper. Now it's about half of the volume, but still half not because that model of this margin spread model uh is still there. But we we largely have defanged that problem by introducing a copy of our own medicine. You know, I think we can get into differences between the US healthare system and the rest of the world where the US has a very vibrant private healthare system that is kind of weirdly unpopular at least in certain parts of the you know political &gt;&gt; choice. Yeah. So you about R&amp;D actually let me just answer that. So it is true. If you fund, if you went out and said, "Hey, I want to back some biotechs." Yeah. &gt;&gt; And they sent you their business plan, 80 to 100% of the revenue and return they'll pitch you on is the US. &gt;&gt; Meaning there is no return. &gt;&gt; Outside the US if you start at the point of origin of the idea. Now, once we get to the the market with a product, &gt;&gt; it's not sensical to not market it in these these countries at whatever price you can get because your R&amp;D is paid for on the US launch, right? So you're here you're just margin gathering &gt;&gt; but it's the free rider but it's the free but to John's point this seems increasingly politically untenable. Americans are Americans are waking up to &gt;&gt; we should get rid of it. So &gt;&gt; it's actually not good for our industry either because you get a skewing in addition to the problem the social problem. So what does everyone do? They tune the R&amp;D model to the US healthcare problems when actually we're 5% of the world population. So shouldn't we tune it to the global health problems and reward the global health problem? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, we're you know 25% of GDP but but but but nonetheless and okay 25% would be much better improvement when you say we we should get rid of it. We should solve it. &gt;&gt; How? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I pitched this idea to this administration actually. So which I call the one fair price. So um branding. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm we're learning. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; OFP. Yeah. But um the idea would be that manufacturers introduce at the price they want. they are restricted by only a couple things. One is that um they will need to introduce it in other developed economies in a price band that's sensical to the GDP of those countries, GDP per capita. So because the ability to pay I think should largely be borne by more wealthy nations. That's where the surplus is. &gt;&gt; You introduce a drug that costs $100 in the US. Yes. &gt;&gt; You're saying it should cost you know on the order of uh you know $70, $70 in the UK or whatever. &gt;&gt; Yeah. it's it's 30% less GDP per capita. We would introduce it 70. Those countries can say yes or no, but we would basically sign a compact that would say that's our deal. We think it's worth 100. We can not sell it there, but not because we're lowering it below 70, &gt;&gt; right? And we we have to we have to charge them what we think it's worth. &gt;&gt; And you could do that today. &gt;&gt; We could. &gt;&gt; So what what you know why just do it? Why do you why do you need &gt;&gt; fix number one? Fix number two is that the reimbursement system in the US starting with US government itself would need to get rid of all discounts and rebates so that the product moves through the channel physically at one price and is reimbured at that same price. You have to select that price and here you're not price discriminating anymore. You have to sort of look at all the equities around that and say this is the fair price that I select and I'm going to live with that just like other commodities and things we buy every day. And there's no skimming of that number. And with that then I think you would have two good outcomes. You would have a fairer decision about who pays for the R&amp;D. Presumably companies would look at the global opportunity or at least the developed countries and set a price that might be a little lower in the US than normal because they want to sell to Europe because there's more volume available and if they price too high because it's indexed they would not be able to do that. what you're describing is an instantiation of what I view as the general phenomenon. One of the biggest shortcomings of the US healthare system in my uh view and one of the biggest critiques you can have is none of the numbers mean anything like just a number that you see they're all lies and that kind of has to lead to market failures. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Could you imagine this? Like we go to a restaurant tonight and we someone gives us the wine list &gt;&gt; and a bottle of like $100 Nappa Cabernet is like $14,000. But then the waiter says, "Don't worry, that's not your copay." &gt;&gt; Oh, what's my copay? I can't tell you. &gt;&gt; We enjoy the wine. We have a nice dinner. Four weeks later, you get a letter in the mail that's starts at the top by saying, "This is not a bill." &gt;&gt; But it says the 14,000. And then there's a number of deductions. &gt;&gt; And it says, "This is not a bill. Don't pay this." &gt;&gt; And then later you get an actual bill. This is healthcare pricing. &gt;&gt; But it feels like you could pull on this thread quite a bit. and you know um the next admins should of just the numbers should mean something like the FTC does this a lot you know they say that for consumers numbers should be trusted and yet we we kind of let the healthare system off &gt;&gt; yeah there's no pre posting of pricing now with drugs there is so one of the things we get criticism I push back is like well because you can know a list price of a drug actually most every the other 90% you mostly can't know the price &gt;&gt; well we we've introduced uh regulations in the last couple of years mandating some degree of transparency here for health How those work? &gt;&gt; Total failure. Yeah. If you look up in your region who has actually complied. Compliance is terrible. Most major hospital systems have not complied. Or if they have, they put on a website somewhere a coded database that is impossible to interpret with ICD10 codes and price points that consumers cannot digest. &gt;&gt; It's like the hitchhikers. &gt;&gt; Beware of the leopard, &gt;&gt; you know, file, flat file. Yeah. with everything they have that &gt;&gt; it's malicious compliance. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Or facial or whatever. And it's so that's not working and we need to have that. I I've actually gone to like an imaging center and I ask like what's this cost? And the person gets irritated with me like why are you asking that? I'm like I don't know like &gt;&gt; I generally ask that before I consume things. &gt;&gt; I had I had a situation my physician is like attached to a hospital. Here's another terrible thing about US healthcare is that the federal rules require payment differences based on sight of care. So if you're in an outpatient clinic, which is theoretically cheaper, the reimbursement is lower, not because it's less valuable, but because it's cheaper to deliver. We punish that. We reward where it's more expensive in a hospital complex. So my doctor's there. He's like, "Hey, you can get a blood draw downstairs. Why don't you go do that now and then come back up?" So I went down there. They drew my blood. Five minutes later, I went to his office. the result was there and I'm like I should have asked what that costs. So on my way out I asked they're like that was $650. I'm like for a blood draw? Like that's insane. And they ran it in their own lab there. No one asked. And I think that's a major major pricing problem we have in healthcare. And then you know I think people are insulated from those costs but in strange ways. Some things are deductible some are not. And so it's really very difficult to make informed consumer economic decisions in health. and we need to improve that. &gt;&gt; The other thing I observe about the US healthare system. So Patrick and I both grew up in Ireland uh moved uh here for college and the US has a very vibrant private healthare system which is different from kind of many other countries uh which have uh you know public uh government uh run and funded healthare systems. And what I notice is people just have a weird reaction to private healthcare. private hospitals people think are weird despite the fact that you know you have much shorter weight times in the US than you have in many other countries because we have more kind of hospitals and all these new private outpatient uh kind of specialty clinics but the biggest one is when people come to the US they're shocked by pharma advertising and h you know they put on a sports game and just like the break comes and it's all pharma ads and my understanding is that there's again a significant pro-social defense of this which is many of these drugs are shown through all the extensive trials that you know we uh make you guys do to have a significant health benefit and then it leads to them being prescribed more by doctors because people actually ask their doctors. They do in fact do the thing they ask their doctor about them and it leads to more usage &gt;&gt; but yet people just find the whole thing weird you know private for-profit healthcare and so do you have a view on where this goes what we can do about it? &gt;&gt; Well I not having grown up in a system like Ireland but I lived in Canada for a while for six years so I I was treated in that I've seen it. Yeah. I find it weird the other way because that's your conditioning. I think there's good and bad to both. I think actually we were talking about prevention earlier to some degree primary care. What I experienced in that country was pretty good quality of care very standardized &gt;&gt; which has a confidence boosting thing when it's the same for everybody. that also in specialty care is implemented but actually to kind of a negative result because take like um diagnostics the US and China have something like 70% of all diagnostic capacity in the world that's crazy &gt;&gt; but your chance of finding a tumor or something is much much higher in those two countries than Ireland or certainly the UK and that's not a good outcome why because I think they're focused on cost of delivery and evenness instead of exceptional care. So I think we've moved on that axis of like let's offer something that could be the best and charge for it. Yet for common conditions we've also moved on that axis unnecessarily. &gt;&gt; And so here you end up with hard you know oak floored primary care offices and beautiful drapery and furniture. That's the basis of competition instead of actually it's quite a simple thing. you need your your flu vaccine like just get in and get out and there's a third thing coming which you touched on which is prevention and self-care and I actually think that if we think of the funding mechanism in our country but also in Europe and Europe system has problems going forward it was really built on an acute care model when most illness and death was accidents you know things we couldn't solve it was basically treat them as best you can and people were going to expire that's what a hospital did we've of course now evolved well beyond that I think That's 30% of US cost. Now 70 is primary care and sort of you know the chronic disease and those institutions and those funding models are really poorly suited to that and particularly so if behaviors have an input into that. Don't we want people before they get the disease to modify their behavior? Well, how do you charge for that? And so, you know, there's a little bit of a um selection problem that, you know, the the best health care systems get the worst behaved people because the coverage is better. So, I think we it is time for a rethink of the whole thing. And I would think of those three different things and try to solve for them differently. Right now, we pretty much have one answer. And the Europe answer has produced kind of an institutional rationing model &gt;&gt; that seems very fair but actually produces poor outcomes for acute conditions. in the US which is very expensive also is unfair but produces good outcomes for acute conditions probably just the same for everything else but costs too much that that's I think needs to be addressed in the future and here medicines plus information I think can play a really big role in disease prevention in the past we haven't been able to make the age old problem in medicine is this thing we call therapeutic index that's the difference between a dose which is harmful and one which is helpful And a therapeutic index that's small is difficult. You have to very precisely dose and people have differences. So it requires a lot of attention. But over time the techniques we make drugs with that therapeutic index the TI we call it is expanding and expanding nonlinearly because of that. &gt;&gt; So why is it expanding? &gt;&gt; Yeah because of new drug technologies. &gt;&gt; Two main ones. One is going to the root of disease whether it be genetic or RNA blocking medicine. So a lot of diseases have excess protein. We can now really pristinely block RNA production of the protein and the disease without a lot of side effects goes away. And by the way, these medicines happily also have sort of this catalytic effect. So they last a really long time. Um I mentioned LP little A earlier. So that's a kind of cholesterol. It's untreatable today. We're developing a medicine that will be a once or twice a year treatment for this. And the side effects look totally benign. That's a really wide therapeutic index, right? So now when you have that, you can think, well, my trials I can run faster because I'm not I don't have worries about treatment. They can be cheaper. I can charge less and get it to more people um at scale. And I actually don't really need a health care system. And here, maybe back to the GP1s, that's giving us a little bit of glimpse of these. These are more invasive than what I just described, but pretty safe. People know how to treat themselves. You certainly know if you have overweight or obesity. You don't need a doctor to tell you that. And platforms like our direct platform have really taken off because it's self-paid, but people skip all this other morass and getting the this is not a bill piece of paper. There's like here's my Visa card number. Yeah, charge me 500 bucks, but my problem is getting solved. I think for prevention, that's an intriguing future direct to consumer. We're here in the great city of South San Francisco, the uh home of Janentech uh and to some significant significant extent of the US biotech sector. &gt;&gt; And we're talking a whole bunch here in this conversation about fostering and inducing and creating adequate incentives for R&amp;D. I think the &gt;&gt; I mean to some extent you can bucket biotech and pharma separately. Obviously the lines blur, but you know there's kind of two poles. And I think it's very striking the extent to which as far as I can see at least the introduction of new medicines, you know, new molecular entities, whatever is increasingly dominated by biotechs. And you would know the numbers better than me, but I think that around 2/3 both of the revenue and also of the just the by count the introductions themselves are attributable to biotech rather than to pharma. And so I guess I'm just curious how you think about this landscape. I mean maybe there's some view where the role of uh in in an extreme one role of pharma would be to uh be a kind of private equity portfolio manager where you take stock of the landscape and you look at who's doing well whose approach you believe in uh etc and you have the risky innovation be done by earlier stage entities by venture capitalists what have you and then you you bet on winners you go and scale them and you you distribute them. one model traditional model is actually no you have all these internal R&amp;D capabilities and you're vertically integrated and you have economies of scale and so on and so forth are we shifting there you know where between those poles ought we be how is it changing just thoughts in that whole landscape &gt;&gt; yeah well I think there's three models that have emerged one is the biotech that grows up another is uh the outsourced early model you're describing where we just say let we're good at clinical trials everything before that just gobble it up um as companies mature be you know because the capital markets are so terrible as I described it's a liquidity event for the investors they go back and try something earlier and then uh sort of the hybrid of fully integrated plus I don't think anyone's really pursuing just fully integrated anymore I think your head's in the sand if you're doing that we're running the third one the other two are &gt;&gt; the hybrid &gt;&gt; yeah and why do we make that choice I I think we observe a few things first of all while it's true that the origin of I think it's a little more than Half of medicines approved in the last 10 years have come from biotech. Hardly any of those traveled all the way through biotech because there are as we talked about earlier huge checks to write uh and risk to take and the biotech investor base is not interested in those risks. Those very binary um large checks whereas we can absorb them. We can run a portfolio across many of those. There's also scale economies in clinical trials. There is no doubt in my mind we are faster, more robust, probably cheaper than actually every biotech out there trying to do their own early phase clinical trials and manufacturing and distribution globally. So those things benefit scale. What doesn't? It is discovery. It's the early phase. I think that's a more diffuse undertaking. What we've done starting with my predecessor maybe 15 years ago is we started putting divers spreading out our labs. Scale's bad. Um and I think our idea was three or 4 hundred people about right with a focused mission allow for some deviation &gt;&gt; put some outposts out there. &gt;&gt; The act of invention has dis economies of scale. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So we started in San Diego. We built a monoconal antibbody biotech hub there. It's produced like a third of the medicines we've made since we started. &gt;&gt; Hugely successful. There's 400 employees. So it's like a biotech but it has some benefits. They don't have to spend any time with venture capitalists or raising money or fussing over capex and you know ups and downs in the in the markets. &gt;&gt; Why is it good to be small? Why is it good to have the 400 person center in San Diego and not the Indiana paper? I don't know super center. &gt;&gt; I think it's good to be big on clinical trials because you you're doing global reach. It's a scaled operation manufacturing distribution discovery. &gt;&gt; I don't know. Now we have people who look across and I I think there is a benefit in being a in a tribe but I think it's also good to have some independence. &gt;&gt; There is a long list of pretty compelling inventions that came out of Lily that were not sanctioned projects. &gt;&gt; And so that tells you something that Curiosity and sort of the scientific endeavor &gt;&gt; sanctioned in what way? meaning it had a budget and had a number and a name and whatever and it was or pointed at like oh here's a target go put a team around that and come up with the medicine that does work &gt;&gt; yes &gt;&gt; but sometimes someone just says by the way I didn't tell you but I've been working on this thing over here and it seems pretty interesting and then we fund it &gt;&gt; have you guys formalized that like Google 20% time or there are some people are just doing curiosity or &gt;&gt; it depends on the area but we we have this allowable variation idea &gt;&gt; um where skunk is phrase allowable variation. &gt;&gt; No, that's my word. But but um basically you just turn turn away and see what happens. And we don't manage the budgets down to the nickel at these sites. And if you get good people, it's like let them do their thing. Let them cook and let's see what happens. That certainly worked. We built a big &gt;&gt; Let them cook school of farm innovation. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It's it's the thing. And you know, &gt;&gt; I can see this as a book. &gt;&gt; A lot of farm innovation is iterative, right? So the other problem is people quit too soon. So back to GLP1s, this story has been going. We launched the first GLP1 twice a day injection in 2006. People say, "Oh, Dave, when did you know like Zepone would be huge?" I'm like, "I don't know, 2016, 2017." It was a long time ago. We've been on this story for a long time. And it was protein engineering and making better molecules that could be dosed higher that led us to get to more weight loss effects and then harnessing two mechanisms. So that's just that's not like light bulb single scientists in a dark lab like I've got it. It's teams just grinding on a theme and if we had directed that like oh make a dual acting it'll be better. We wouldn't have got the right answer. &gt;&gt; This is all about your internal innovation. &gt;&gt; So that's running. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Where do the biotech &gt;&gt; appear? And why do we do this one? It is productive for us and I do think we've built a capability to frankly make more molecules with more drug-like properties. So by the time you get to that expensive escalation of clinical trials, the drug's behaving like a drug. Some of that we talked about earlier with AI and other tools we can equip. So these things tend to work, these things don't. It's pretty empirical still. We don't know all biology. Some of it's just knowhow of the chemists and the scientists. &gt;&gt; But I think when we buy biotechs, often we love the target idea. We love the novelty of what they did. It's just rather imperfect. It's an 8020 they've done. And we we will often take that invention cycle back and do a whole another invention loop to refine it further so that it is a what we call like big pharma asset. So what you're buying is the proof that there's something here but not necessarily the specific &gt;&gt; and if they haven't disclosed it and they've got a lead that's very interesting but we actively cultivate uh kind of a proximate satellite group of companies that are doing this independent of us but we have ownership stakes in and then of course we have a watch list ever growing because of China of entities we don't have an interest in but are doing interesting things and we want to we have all their events mapped out and we're watching pretty much every clinical or preclinical readout, every patent posting in the industry, we have a a way to monitor. For most of its 150 year history, Eli Liy's relationship with patients has been throughies and other intermediaries. But that's changing. As Dave mentions, with Lily Direct, patients can buy treatments like Mangaro and Zetbound directly from the company and get them delivered right to their door. And they're not alone. At Stripe, we're seeing a new playbook emerge where established businesses who used to sell via complex distribution chains are now building direct digital relationships with their customers. And with Stripe, that's much more likely to succeed. It's happening across all industries, not just in healthcare. Media companies like Fox Sports, they used to reach viewers only through traditional cable bundles, but now they've built a global direct to customer streaming platform on Stripe. or Ford, they're selling cars and trucks online through Stripe and not just through dealerships. Some companies, they're creating entirely new products to take directly to their customers. So, Fender, the guitar company, they created a tuition marketplace that has enabled millions of guitar classs already. Large enterprises are creating better direct offerings than ever before with Stripe. Learn more at stripe.com/enterprise. &gt;&gt; So, we just mentioned we're in South San Francisco in the Bay Area. The Bay Area of course used to have a vibrant electronics manufacturing industry. Um and it left um companies like &gt;&gt; still the Ampex side you know some of the old &gt;&gt; Yes. But their child exactly but the but you me you mentioned you know Cypress semiconductor and you know people people don't really know what you're talking about these days. The biotech sector started here in the 70s I guess um and is exactly and is still today reasonably vibrant although to your point it's had a tough maybe a couple of years. Chinese uh the the share of the global drug pipeline that was Chinese 10 years ago was I think in the small single digit &gt;&gt; approaching zero. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly. Right. And now I think it's high 20s approaching a third &gt;&gt; 30%. It's now is in fact 30%. Where does this go? And is there a US biotech sector in 20 years or like electronics manufacturing? Does the whole thing just go to China? &gt;&gt; I wouldn't predict that outcome but I think we should ring the alarm bell right now. Well, I mean, is it bad? &gt;&gt; It's not great, I would say. I think for two reasons. One, &gt;&gt; but if they can do it better and faster and cheaper and we get the drugs, isn't that awesome? &gt;&gt; That is good if especially if the last part is true. But I think the economy around biioarma is I think has some unique properties that should make us want to own it. One is it is in the knowledge economy to me sort of the pinnacle &gt;&gt; paradatic knowledge economy. &gt;&gt; It's the premier league of of of knowledge economy. You guys fund and know people. I mean the diversity of of skill sets needed to do it well at the highest level of their game is extreme. I don't think it exists. Maybe rocketry, maybe there's a few other things like this, but it is uh requires a lot of talent. So it tells you how you're doing. I think in a way that can you integrate these can you train people attract them from abroad like you folks or train them here and put them together in a way that produces new value. &gt;&gt; Okay. So it's a kind of shadow passing over the country if biotech &gt;&gt; and it's rewarded. I mean these are well-paying jobs. These are there's a big economic footprint that goes with that and increasingly we're putting manufacturing near it. So it actually has a trickle down that's pretty significant as well. And then it invokes also um security concerns. And you can imagine if we had the co pandemic in that case basically 80% of the medicines and vaccines that worked were produced in the United States. China produced some of those things. None of them really worked. We didn't import them. But imagine if that was flipped. &gt;&gt; And I mean the EU saw this distorted position at the Yeah. The EU had a huge controversy and they're friendly and we had open trading but they have had a a reckoning as well and there's some things you just want to have a national competency in. So anyway, I have a theory about the industry. I think there are truly novel concepts that require a little more time and work and it is yet to be seen whether uh China has perfected that in a way where they can create their own local system. What they've certainly shown now though is the iterative derivative which is a big part of the substrate of the industry they are refining and becoming experts in very very quickly. I think that's not all bad. There'll be more competition. You know there are there's an effect in China where their own sort of price competition defeats their own industries and you're kind of seeing that in biotech as well the race to the bottom on pricing. Um but I think we want a national competency and I think this has been a hub. Boston still a big hub. We we want to keep those. &gt;&gt; But there's this new phenomenon where my understanding please correct me is that uh you know traditionally you develop a molecule, you patent the molecule. Now there's the growth of these clones where you can have the molecule be trivially different enough for patent purposes but still the same action and there's a huge amount of that coming out of the Chinese biotech sector. Doesn't that &gt;&gt; But I think also some real like this I have an SMAB that that that seems real and good and not real innovation. That's an interesting one. &gt;&gt; But but don't the clones effectively erode the patent system and you know we would think shortening the patent life to 15 years would be bad and or 10 years and this is shortening the patent life effectively. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that practice is what I'm talking about with this sort of refine and replicate &gt;&gt; and our own patent system forces this. Right. So we have a in 2011 the US changed the patent system to first to file versus first to invent. You used to be able to invent and sit on your patent and all you had to do is prove. It was messy court cases because your lab notebook said, "Oh, it was October of 2017 and mine says 2018. Well, which was what, right?" Um, but now you rush to file and the government I think has 12 months that they sit on that inspection and then the pat what is a patent? It's a it's a degree to publish your finding, right? to make it a public good in return for that monopoly. But if the monopoly is debased by 30 Chinese biotechs who feed that patent into a computer, the computer then can imagine chemical structures that have one or two atom differences that don't fit within the patent and then make that substance, test it, works just the same. You've created basically a shadow generic industry and undermine the patent system itself. So I don't think that's a great great thing. So, so was the shadow generic industry basically launched by first to file because we published the instruction manuals? I didn't realize that. &gt;&gt; And do you think is it your view we should just switch back? &gt;&gt; No. What I would do is um if we want a sort of like an America first patent system or Europe first um we should do two things. We should create a belt and suspenders so that some patents are tricky to write. So there might have been an IP space that's been mined and people are around the idea, but you had an insight that actually unlocked the truth and there's a like a thin strip, but you have to carefully navigate this concept called prior art and get that patent to stick. People tend to constrain it more and you leave room at the edges. Should we make the basis of reward to investors the patent filer, the patent writer? That's really the most valuable step in that case. I I don't think so. So, a bel and suspenders would be say independent of a patent, we'll give you 12 years if you produce primary data on this product all the way through phase three. That's a $3 billion ticket. These copycats aren't going to do it. They're certainly not going to do it with US uh in US data. And that'll be more or less constrained to markets that don't care about that issue and don't have this data exclusivity provision. This already exists in biologics by the way. So all we have to do is in small molecules and this problem we're talking about is mostly a small molecule problem. The other thing we should do is say if you are in a league of nations that really respect IP um those nations will extend this confidentiality period beyond the patent inspection period that society will get the recipe well in time for a generic company to to copy it later. &gt;&gt; But why does it have to be 12 months? That's a super short time in drug development. How about six years? Then that product is well into the clinic. The copycat nation can spin up in China, but it's not going to make a difference. So, I think that those two solutions together would be what I'd recommend. &gt;&gt; Um the uh the electronics manufacturing industry went to China for pretty straightforward reasons. You know, it's it's cost. Exactly. Um uh it's um uh it's very labor intensive and uh and I guess raw material intensive and you know, just lots of reasons. It's cheaper in China. Um but the software production industry has not that is still here. To your point biotech is an extremely knowledge and tacid expertise intensive space. &gt;&gt; Why is that one going to China? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I'm not sure it's going I that's why I say I'm not sure the story is over. We're not Eclipse but like but you know a significant share of it has come to China. &gt;&gt; I mean China has a robust software industry. It just they have we have a two world two internet world &gt;&gt; and they have their I don't know how well Stripe does in China but I would guess not very well &gt;&gt; domestically. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. Well or Adobe I'm on the board of that company and I can tell you they're have dimminimous sales in China &gt;&gt; but a lot of usage &gt;&gt; but well and there are tools domestically that have been built around that that have their own economy. We could that could be a state that this is driving into where there's sort of medicines that grow up in the world where we where there's perhaps more transparency where the regulatory systems are more confidence instilling and um we perhaps reform our patent system to protect that and China has their own version and there's good reasons they would want to do that because if we own all the medicines and there is another crisis I'm sure they were deeply uncomfortable in fact they didn't even approve they had rights to the biionc fizer um vaccine for almost the entirety of the of their pandemic. They never approved it. &gt;&gt; Why? I think it was a national pride issue. Didn't want to be beholden. It was a German invention actually. &gt;&gt; But um yeah, so again it inter intertwines with you know health emergencies are social crisises that politically are difficult to navigate as we saw and having that competency is important. So I totally respect their desire to build this. We have brilliant um Chinese scientists in the world and many of them work at our company and we're trained in the United States. That's all good. I just think we don't want it to move all offshore. I don't know when exactly the generics industry like really rose um to be such a a large share of um of consumed pharmaceuticals today but I'm very curious about the quality control and the attendant regulatory apparatus around it where I mean as we've been discussing there's such scruplessness and stringency around clinical trials for new molecules and introductions and so forth. My understanding is that for generics a lot of the external validation and certification happens at the manufacturing plant level not at the individual drug level and that for the individual drugs it is substantially a case of selfcertification um and you know presentation of one's own data as opposed to uh external audits and there have been many cases of documented fraud and malfeasants here the largest generic manufacturer in India I forgot its name um paid a half a billion dollar fine in 2013 for &gt;&gt; yeah for rampant fraud and falsification and abuse of the bio similarity analyses and so forth. um which obviously is is bad but you like the apparatus and the FDA regime is such that there are very obvious incentives for that to happen &gt;&gt; and then I'm very struck by how anecdotally and online there are so many reports of people switching from brandame medication to generic medication &gt;&gt; finding them to be very different you know subjectively and experientially &gt;&gt; switching back to the branded pharmaceutical and uh and you know things going back to normal as it were and so there's some some kind of subjective version of you know that the generic is in fact not you know directly substitutable and so I guess I'm I mean I know nothing about this domain this is all just observed from afar I guess I'm curious for your thoughts here like does the generic industry actually work as well as we think it does how much fraud is there in actuality you know when your kids or family or friends or whatever are taking a generic you know do do you advise them to exercise some caution. Thoughts in this whole space &gt;&gt; I think on the whole the generic environment in the US which is the most developed in the sense of um percent of medicines consumed and the cheapest in the OECD has been largely a positive outcome because it's made effective medicines abundant at very very low cost. &gt;&gt; When you say the generic uh industry in the US do you mean those manufactured in the US or consumed? &gt;&gt; There are no generics manufactured in the US really. So those that are licensed in the US and sold here. &gt;&gt; That said and and I say that because um you know take like invention like statins or um HIV drugs or we invented Prozac still the standard of care in treating depression. It's like three cents a day there. I don't know any product you buy for 3 cents a day but you know that that's an incredible value for for the system. I mean by back to the return on investment thing somehow we have not articulated this very well but the fact that we spent money in the 80s researching Prozac and still today there's tens of millions of people benefiting that's a public surplus that should make us want more of those inventions but anyway digression so in the 80s also there was a change in the policy in the US which was a trade to basically make it easier for generics to enter the market after patent expiry in exchange for less patent litigation. ation. So there was a structured path to litigation. It wasn't just a free-for-all. It used to be in the ' 70s60s the day you launched you'd have you'd be in court and by nature those cases are you have to defend all comers and if one gets through you lose. So it's a very asymmetrical problem and it wasn't good. So we traded that for certainty um in a time window in a structured path to patent litigation. But the day after the last um valid patent was expired, generic could enter freely and could get on the market with a clearer bar, a lower bar perhaps. There's two deviations that can occur. One is it's the so-called 5% rule where plus or minus 5% of the active ingredient and some dosages in some people are more sensitive than that and I think some of those people have an effect. Also there's this in a particularly in a dry product in a pill there's exipients which are the other ingredients. Most of what you're taking is not actually the active ingredient. Some of them are buffering compounds. Some of them affect absorption rate. So those two things combined do lead to different effects and there is no requirement for small molecule chemical medicine um to show proof of efficacy of any kind. So you can do pretty simple laboratory experiments and absorption experiments in a small number of people &gt;&gt; just to do like PK but not exactly and that is what they all do. None of them do efficacy so that makes them cheap and it makes them plenty of them coming but it has this side effect. I I think it might be useful to have a way to flag medicines that before they go generic have this known dosing sensitivity. You know, again, back to the less binary regulatory, more, you know, a little more judgment where there's a dial. I think the manufacturing problems you mentioned are real. In the quest for low cost, it all moved offshore. These are basically chemical plants and in the in the prior iteration of that technology and our EPA, it became non-economic to make these medicines in the US or Ireland for that matter. We there are some Eastern European companies. There are some there's a big Israeli company. There's several Indian companies and many Chinese companies that are in this business. That's where these drugs come from. I think that is not so stable either and we probably should pay a little bit more for generics. You sometimes read about injectable generics in particular that run short. That's a more complicated &gt;&gt; manufacturing process. So if you do it cheaply, you run into more problems. We probably should pay a little premium for resilience. Um right now that's that's not the situation. So GPS obviously were initially researched uh the initial R&amp;D was done for diabetes. Yes. H &gt;&gt; and then it was noticed during the clinical trials that people were losing weight. Yes. Uh and so now I think the big societal discussion like Pat and I were talking about the information is a Silicon Valley tech publication and they're on a survey about GLP1s and half of readers of the information are on GLP1s &gt;&gt; in in this country. &gt;&gt; Exactly. As you can tell, it's not a normal reader. Anyway, so there's the weight loss &gt;&gt; or maybe in as much as Silicon Valley is some kind of harbinger of things to come early adopters. &gt;&gt; So there's this big weight loss discussion and you know that's the ompic is obviously you know different brand name for a different drug but um people are very familiar with this but now it seems like we are starting to figure out there are all these other potential benefits of GLPS that do not seem to be fully explained by the weight loss. And so there's the cardiovascular benefits, there's you potential Alzheimer's links, there's fertility, there all these things that aren't just &gt;&gt; yes, &gt;&gt; you lost weight. &gt;&gt; What do you think's going on there? &gt;&gt; Explain. &gt;&gt; So first of all, it's different from what you just described as this accident because actually we knew and we were involved with the we launched the first GLP1 in the world. &gt;&gt; This is the triumph of rational design. &gt;&gt; It's not totally rational, but but I can tell you that because the so GOP1 is let's go all the way back. what it's a super family of things we call incrretins. These are hormones that signal our brain and other tissues from our gut. We always think about our brain being in charge. It's not how we work. &gt;&gt; So, and it's back to this basic system of survival, which is very aware of this. It's a &gt;&gt; nutrition. When you eat a meal, which hopefully we'll do later, our our body, our gut actually communicates with our body. Hey, food's on board. &gt;&gt; You don't have to eat as much. Maybe you're you get a sa satiation signal. Your fat cells are told to absorb free fatty acids. Your liver kicks into gear to release glycogen and other things. So all that process is insulin is released to absorb the nutrients is kicked off by increins. And this was discovered in 1971 basically called the incrretin effect. It was a scientist who noticed that if I if you feed someone an equivalent amount of pure sugar versus stick it in their veins or arteries &gt;&gt; that their insulin levels, their metabolic processes rev up a lot faster. Interesting. It's called the ankritin effect. So that the local process of ingestion through the gut created this other thing that scientists and others then isolated GLP-1 and another one called GIP actually isolated first. GIP and GP make up Tzepide which is zepparo. GLP makes up simaglutide which is ampek and was also uh eentide. The problem with these hormones is our own versions have a halflife of like five minutes. So they don't make very good drugs. If you take that protein and sequence it, people did this. You'd have to walk around with an infusion all day. &gt;&gt; The longer lasting action was the invention &gt;&gt; was the invention. And the first one that was before we really knew how to do protein engineering systematically, which we can do now. Um, it was found in nature actually in the famously in the saliva of a Hila monster. So randomly some zoologologist was testing the interesting properties of helila monsters and noticed in profile all these proteins and one of them was a mimedic of human GLP1 and you know did a literature search and found that another scientist found that paper and said that's interesting let's test that compound a few different amino acids and sure enough it lasted about 4 hours halflife so we can make it a twice a day injection. We made that into a medicine for diabetes. And on the cover of our annual report in 2006, there's a woman who was one of the first patients with a quote says, "My diabetes under control and my patient and my friends say I'm losing a little weight." That was 2006. So this overnight phenomena of ompic and everything else old story. Why didn't we do it then? Well, we needed to get the dosages higher. And it turns out that this mechanism which is common for a lot of hormones has a threshold effect for efficacy. You have to get above a certain level in your blood and certainly to lose weight and really suppress appetite have to get that number up but a peak to trough effect on side effects. So the up down part causes the nausea &gt;&gt; but the absolute level causes the effect. So how do you separate those things? You need a flat long acting. It wasn't just convenience. So we made a once a week GLP-1 called dulagutide. We stuck the protein the native sequence to the backbone of basically a monoconal antibbody to extend its life. Novonortis did a similar thing that became semiglutide and ompic. And then we put two the original two hormones together GIP GLP in tzepatide which is better than those in terms of weight loss and A1C control and everything else. And so with those tools, we're now exploring this terrain of what is linked to this pathway. I would say most of what we know and have proven is actually right on the obesity target. So if you think overweight has these unoured chron chronic overweight, untored effects, our ancestors weren't chronically overweight, they were chronically starving. So we didn't worry about this, but now we worry about it, which are diabetes, type two diabetes, not the type one form of children. um cardiovascular health, aththeroscerosis, stroke, MI, um peripheral artery disease, kidney and liver diseases, fatty liver diseases. These are all sort of right on that target. Adjacent to that are other conditions we think of more unrelated but actually have a big not a perfect vin diagram but close enough. One is like sleep apnea. So like 70% of people with sleep apnea &gt;&gt; um actually have overweight or obesity. Polycystic ovarian disease. So there's a young women get this and they don't ovulate. They can't have babies. So that's a fertility problem. So the the circle widens. I think the two so and and there are more of those which are being studied and looked at. The two interesting things which are more incidental to the mechanism but are definitely on the mechanism are the brain things and the inflammation things. So if you look at people's blood values for cholesterol or glucose over the course of three to six eight months on the medicine they fall pretty straight line with weight but inflammation markers drop precipitously early. There's a marker called CRP C reactive protein which is a marker for heart attack risk. In weeks that starts to drop really like 60 70%. Why is that happening? It's dislocated from the drug effect. But probably the stress of effectively overeing not by our modern definition but by our ancestral de definition is causing inflammation and t and reducing that by having more fasting basically. Lower calorie levels is reduces inflammation. We're we have a study reading out toward the end of this year in chronic knee pain. It's going to work. And that's a weird thing is what wait a minute GOP1 chronic but if you follow that logic train it actually makes good sense &gt;&gt; also inflammation causing the chronic pain &gt;&gt; inflammation plus and we'll measure the inflammation in the joint &gt;&gt; plus there's a mechanical loading with being overweight if you carry around a backpack of 40 lbs extra every day your knees will hurt more brain ones sorry yeah go ahead so you're just saying that um the being overated causes inflammation which then causes all these ostensibly unrelated downstream &gt;&gt; issues and you see this in in chronic inflammatory diseases. So think of well the the signature one is a skin disease called hydronatus superiva a terrible name but people get basically boils and it's almost completely correlated with excess body weight and we have very expensive inflammatory drugs that have fancy targets and are monoconal antibodies you inject and they cost $4,000 a month or you can just lose weight and so people are using zepp our drug in this and they don't have this condition anymore. Another one which has high correlation is psoriasis actually. So we're doing a study with our psoriasis drug tuls and zepbound that will read out this fall &gt;&gt; and I'm certain we'll show a boost in efficacy with the weight loss and that is not because of the weight loss per se it's the inflammatory effects. So it's it's pretty interesting and there's a lot of these adult diseases that are inflammatory in their root. Um of course we'll study RAI we have studies going in Crohn's and colitis as well. &gt;&gt; So the brain stuff in &gt;&gt; brains. Yeah. Yeah. So um clearly these drugs go to the brain and they signal the brain. I think the scientists say the the major mechanism of that is actually not in the brain but there's a part of your brain stem exposed to the blood system like your ganglen root and it is detecting these hormones on purpose which are say but the signal being communicated to your nerve cells isn't as pristine as like stop eating pure sugar which is what GLP1 should be saying or GIP which is more of a lipid mechanism. It's just saying you're satiated. &gt;&gt; That signal gets translated into downregulating dopamine and the desire for dopamine. And so like cigarette smoking drops precipitously effect. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. And opioid use disorder will test alcohol drops precipitously. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Your your cheeky pint. You have to be a zero alcohol p. Um shopping, gambling. These things have been observed anecdotally. These studies are being spun up and worked on. the what the category brain which may be related to this axis or there's another theory of which is sort of I don't know people out here like do podcasts about hey I take micro doses of zbbound and I feel like I can code longer or whatever right they're they're back to your thesis of experimental hacking your body there is &gt;&gt; I'm sure there are people in Silicon Valley experimenting abundantly with this &gt;&gt; there is a theory of this that actually the glucose lowering mechanism in your brain only eats glucose it doesn't eat any other substance is unique tissue that way. Um, of having uh ketonic kind of low uh glucose chronically actually improves brain acuity. &gt;&gt; And so people are probably experiencing this. They might be lean already and taking a GLP-1 and getting leaner, right? &gt;&gt; But they're actually their brain they feel their brain functioning in a sharper way. There's an interesting study that Nova Nordisk is doing with their oral form of semiglutide that'll read out pretty soon in patients who have early dementia. Um that may work and it may work for the same reason. It may also work because you reduce strokes which is back to the cardiovascular axis. But yeah, I think we've stumbled upon here kind of a broad footprint a broad impact zone of what uh these types of medicines can do and there's many more coming. So neur neurodeenerative disease, Crohn's disease, um psoriasis, cardiovascular disease, joint disease. &gt;&gt; Joint disease. Exactly. All the diseases. Um what fraction of the population, uh let's say the population over 35. Yes. &gt;&gt; Will be on a GLP-1 in 15 years. &gt;&gt; Well, today in the US, we probably have 10 million people, maybe 12 if we include the compounded market, the nonapproved. Okay. Um, &gt;&gt; the official company. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Well, yeah, but it's really a fraction of the adult population. And even if you just take obesity, it should be a hundred million. We have a long, long way to go. And I think we talked at the beginning of the conversation about coverage. That's of course &gt;&gt; both a cost real cost burden on people, but also kind of an endorsement thing. And physicians are busy and don't have time to write all the forms to get it covered. So this I mean the popularity of the direct channel where people with some means I mean $500 a month is a big ask. It's a car payment but a fair swath of the US can afford that. &gt;&gt; It is actually the number one prescribed form of these medications is zbound self buy. &gt;&gt; We sell more than that than our insured business on new patient starts and more than all of we go. &gt;&gt; That's very interesting. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So that's why I was back the concept of like okay for preventative maybe it should be on us &gt;&gt; and how do we just make that cost effective and easier and certainly there's a cost of your time um and shopping online and having a tele health appointment is much more convenient &gt;&gt; so I the number has to go way up the oral project I mentioned is a key part of that because &gt;&gt; we've literally already made billions of doses &gt;&gt; and we are capacity constrained in some sense on the injectable systems unfortunately there's not a good learning curve left. We've sort of built the scaled plants. We just have to build more of them. We've built six or seven of these mega plants that produce hundreds of millions of these injection systems and we're only treating 10 or 12 million Americans, maybe 20, 30 globally. So to get to half a billion people globally, &gt;&gt; the work that we can't keep stamping out these, it'll take too long. The orals have to work. They have to be approved. They're not going to be as good as these multi-acting injectable hormones, but we can probably stratify people. If you need to lose a lot of weight, okay, start there. And &gt;&gt; maintenance with the oral is going to be a key segment. I would guess by the time we go generic, it will be a large proportion of adults. Statin's got to 40 million people branded. It's a little more than that now. Has to be north than that. It's &gt;&gt; interesting that all the growth in statins happened even while it was branded. You know, you would expect a big bump after it went generic. Well, you you asked about consumer advertising and I think actually we people hate the commercial part of our business. I have to admit like sometimes I dislike it when I'm I never watch TV except when I'm traveling and I'll flip on CNBC in the morning while I'm getting ready or especially on the West Coast cuz I'm up at like 6:00 or 5:30 and I'm like are you kidding me? Like how many ads are we running and everyone else and often it's the same drug class like like this. &gt;&gt; This cannot be productive. I have to say 70% of our spend now is not on linear TV. &gt;&gt; So most of the advertising is more served up and in your search sequence and increasingly we're interested in like generative AI optimization. &gt;&gt; Um but still you do it. Why do you do it? Because it works. Like it's still a productive spend. But also promotion to physicians which consumers don't see is a big part of what we do. And we do studies and we disseminate them and we run education programs mostly if left to their own. And there's been studies on this of medical inventions that are not promoted. &gt;&gt; Yeah. They won't actually be adopted. &gt;&gt; It's about a 16-year path &gt;&gt; to full adoption. With a medicine promoted, it's half that. &gt;&gt; We have an internal goal to half that again to get to four years to full whatever it is. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Get to it on a global scale. I think it's ambitious but serves a purpose. &gt;&gt; MLMs presumably help here. &gt;&gt; Could be. Yeah. If we can get in the if we can get through the the problem of convoluting the facts, &gt;&gt; you need to have education uh seminars for the for the &gt;&gt; They weren't so trained on Reddit, &gt;&gt; It might be a little better. Let's train them on the New England Journal of Medicine. &gt;&gt; Okay. You you've mentioned Reddit and you just uh mentioned the micro doing ofide uh in Silicon Valley. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; not recommending, not indicated. &gt;&gt; Understood. Yes. Do do not ask your physician. Um but my understanding is the avanguard Silicon Valley denisens you know the the the frontier is really in Chinese peptides. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Frightening. So here we're getting into the compounding. So um of course there's probably always been a segment of society that was comfortable using unapproved things. We have a large supplement industry in this country that um has some proximity to this maja thing. By the way, most supplements have no evidence that they're going to help you. Um, I take a multivitamin, but I really don't believe in anything else. And I think if you're eating correctly, you're get you should be getting better nutrition through your food than through supplements anyway. And it's embedded in the price at least. You may have to buy more expensive food. Um, but that same trunch or the edge of that is gone to this. What is a Chinese peptid? It's an unapproved medicine that's never been tested in man and is made in a Chinese lab. It might be what you say. This is basically the same source for the tursepide compounded that people get. Um, people buy that from things that look like legitimate companies. Some are publicly traded even that formulate them and are violating our patent and maybe under FDA supervision or not. These plants, most not. I know of one that's been inspected. It had a nasty what we call 483 with lots of inspection findings. I certainly wouldn't do that, but of course I I run a company that does this legitimately. I my problem with those companies is less about trying to I like the fact that people could shortcut the pain in the butt of the healthare system and go direct and we see the phenomena of what the internet's done to commerce could apply to health. I think that's net a good thing. What I don't like is they're stealing my IP. Partly people got in this business. the the rule that guides this actually they technically should not be doing some do the big ones don't they say oh we're not following that rule following a different rule which is customization all these patients who need tepatide even though you can buy six different dosage forms to c they need a dose in between these six or oh the efficacy is boosted by vitamin XYZ by the way we recently sent to the FDA studies of these vitamin combinations that show they actually augment the peptide So, they're making a new drug, never approved. Not a good idea. &gt;&gt; And then you have the folks you're talking about who are served by an industry started when I think steroids became a big deal and the bodybuilding craze. They're all based in like Long Beach, these places, and it's like peptides USA, which is the opposite of what it is, right? It's a Chinese peptides. And they'll sell things to you that say not for human use. Literally, they put that's how they protect themselves legally. And you're injecting your putting saline in and you're putting this white powder in your body that says not for human use. Really a terrible idea. I know some people find successful &gt;&gt; at some point through that process. You would suggest there are several clues advise it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's not going to end well. &gt;&gt; And there are people who have had chronic kidney failure and liver permanent liver damage and I wouldn't do it. it for the difference between that and today buying a real thing for $500 seems like a relatively large risk for the cost savings we're achieving and I'm telling you today we're going to bring these prices down they're going to either through your insurance coverage which is expanding every day or just through competition a and your direct stuff I mean we've talked about it once or twice you're here in South San Francisco the headquarters of not only uh or you know the uh place of Janentech but also payments innovation and so uh you know we're working together on the uh on the Eli uh direct Maybe you can talk a bit about that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So this I mean talk about accidental experiments. So this came out back to the insulin story. I was the person who was running our US business commercial business directly uh retired and I didn't have a suitable candidate internally. So I thought it'd be a good idea to go back to that job I used to do and be the CEO at the same time. The team &gt;&gt; this is this is very inspiring. &gt;&gt; The team in the US didn't find this inspiring or or a good idea. But I was, you know, kind of the business was changing and um the rise of the consumer, communication on digital channels, we were pretty old school at that time and I wanted to modernize it. And so I dug in and one of the ideas that came out of that was, hey, why don't we stand up our own pharmacy and sell directly to patients? And then people were like, well, first of all, the existing pharmacies, and there's only like three of them, will hate us. And so that seems like a bad idea. And secondly, we know nothing about running a pharmacy. So that that we're going to make mistakes and hurt people. So we kind of parked it. A few months later though, we um were in this process I described in long form earlier, but um in short form of like deescalating this insulin bubble and getting to sort of true pricing in the market. And one of the fights we were having was with a large PBM company that also owns a pharmacy chain. And we were worried that they actually a different pharmacy chain actually threatened not to carry our low price insulin because they couldn't make enough money on it. So I just looked at the I said this is what this was for. This idea that's been on the shelf. We cannot be beholden to this. We have to have a route to market ourselves which we had not had since the company was founded &gt;&gt; as a pharmacy actually a freestanding pharmacy before any regulation. So it was scary but we cobbled it together with partners and now we do more of it ourselves. And the first idea was like make sure people who need insulin to survive can get it at the lowest price. We sold a little bit but not much. Then we launched our migraine medicine which was having trouble getting insurance coverage. Sold a little bit more. Then we launched Zepbound and we said ah this feels like the killer app for a directto patient experience because the diagnosis step is dead easy. Everybody knows everyone has the biioarker tool in their bathroom. It's called the scale. They can know if the drug's working and we can offer tellaalth post pandemic at scale. while it was out there um to a third party to advise patients if that was the right choice or if the NOO product was the right choice or nothing. And so we put that together and boom, this thing really grew pretty quickly. Uh today we'll annualize, you know, in the billions of dollars. I think it's the largest prescription platform online in terms of revenue. We run it on Stripe, I think, and going north from here. And it's an interesting example of how across so many different sectors and uh you know across every company scale and stage there is this um kind of interesting way in which all these ostensibly different models and different businesses are discovering right across &gt;&gt; well they're discovering the value of having a direct relationship yeah &gt;&gt; with the end customer &gt;&gt; and of course I'm on the board of Adobe a software company which is this is now in the the final stage of evolution in the software industry But I found it fascinating when I first arrived that 90% of the revenue was off a website that they ran. I thought that was great. What? This is a great business, a very lowcost business, very lowc cost route to market. &gt;&gt; We're very we're very in favor of selling stuff on websites. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. I'm sure I'm sure you are. You had this insight even before before me. And so yeah, that you know that leap is happening now. Healthcare is been a hard problem for tech, I think, which is interesting because you have all this bricks and mortar mess. You have a lot of state level insurance regulation. You'd think fintech would have gone after this a lot sooner because it's 20% of the financial economy in the country. &gt;&gt; Well, I think this podcast makes clear that there are nuances to the sector. &gt;&gt; Exactly. I guess so. Yeah. But, you know, I think people with longer money are starting to do it. Um, we actually ourselves just moved our PBM from a traditional one to this sort of new tech fintechy PBM and we're switching all our lives and we want more transparency, better data reporting and the interoperability problem that is why PBMs rose which was that you had a card like a physical card that had your insurance number on it in 1992 and you went into a pharmacy in Phoenix versus one in LA and you couldn't get your prescription filled. They solved that problem with old tech. That's a pretty easy problem to solve. these days with technology. But what they built on the back of that was a system of negotiating and and capture rent taking that's not so popular anymore and we can disintermediate them easily. &gt;&gt; We've been having this conversation for quite some time and we haven't asked you &gt;&gt; with one beer. Well, we can we can rectify that. But um but um we haven't asked you maybe one of the first questions that we ought to have asked you which is Eli Liy is the largest pharma company in the world. Why? Well, in simple terms, we are um kind of a rare situation right now in that um our growth rate is high and our profitability is expanding and we are in an early in cycle of this invention. I think Wall Street believes two &gt;&gt; this being &gt;&gt; GLP ones which is driving probably 80% of the economic value of the company our market cap is about &gt;&gt; you think Eli Liy is a GLP1 company with a &gt;&gt; sidear side of some other &gt;&gt; yeah that's probably trading like other okay so in our sector today let's pick a company like Bristol Myers or or Fizer these are big companies with revenues not so different from ours and we compete with them in these other spaces their market caps between120 billion dollars we're trading about 800. Um, and that difference is the GLP1 phenomena. &gt;&gt; I think Wall Street also believes that our R&amp;D productivity has been higher. So, every dollar we put through the income statement for R&amp;D or through an acquisition, we get a little bit of a premium, a management premium on I think most of the sector is treated the opposite way, which is that that's actually probably going to destroy value in some way. Um, and I think the other thing that's out there is this belief that perhaps for those that are really long our stock, our belief that perhaps this cycle could be different. This cycle starting with GOP ones, but that you could create back to the route to market and the consumer much more of a self-pay branded business that has staying power beyond &gt;&gt; the patent cycle, a franchise. Thank you. And I think so far the evidence is pointing that way. Have we fully evolved to a mature version of that? No. Have we created like an ecosystem around ourselves like Apple has done that? No. No. Those are all opportunities for us. But you can kind of see them and self-care is an innate desire. And I don't think the payment system is going to fully cover all this, but a lot of people are willing to pay. And it's not just the US, it's a global phenomenon. &gt;&gt; You said GLPs are one of the biggest drivers of the business. Uh, Eli Liy is growing at about 30% right now. Revenues &gt;&gt; 40 year to date too. We'll have earnings on on Yeah, actually there's three here's a fun fact. There's three scaled large cap companies that have a rule of 80. &gt;&gt; Can you name them? &gt;&gt; Well, Stripe's doing pretty well, but um &gt;&gt; Nvidia must be &gt;&gt; Nvidia is the highest. I think they're over 90 margin plus growth. &gt;&gt; Uh Cororeweave. Not I think that's you're talking to the CEO of Eli Liy please. &gt;&gt; So top 100 &gt;&gt; small caps out of here. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Um &gt;&gt; so it's based quite close to where we're sitting. &gt;&gt; Genetic &gt;&gt; Broadcom. Of course. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Of course. &gt;&gt; So the hardware guys in AI killing it. But I think what's interesting to me they're trading at multiples above ours. &gt;&gt; There's a belief that their cycle somehow longer than ours. &gt;&gt; And I think US patent is late 30s or for the oral beyond that. So, um, yeah, that's my pitch to investors. Um, but we're in that club as well. Um, will we stay there forever? Obviously, no. But, um, you know, I think that's one of the reasons we're worth &gt;&gt; Well, I was going to ask some questions about that. So, first off, Novo is growing in the teens. Just Yeah. For two companies with GLP offerings that are working. Why are those growth rates so different? &gt;&gt; We're taking most the growth in the market. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, just your products working better &gt;&gt; right now in the US across all forms of GLP1 on new patient capture. We're basically 70 75% right now. So almost almost 3 to one. &gt;&gt; Um and then if you it's a high carryover business. Yeah. &gt;&gt; We're I think we're 6040 on the total. And so we're just getting mostly growth. &gt;&gt; What would you guess El's PE is &gt;&gt; forward? &gt;&gt; I was using trailing but um &gt;&gt; 15 &gt;&gt; 50 um 50. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. So what I was going to ask is you know we're talking here about &gt;&gt; the sector is like 12 &gt;&gt; so yeah &gt;&gt; no exactly yeah you're correct like yeah it was a very good &gt;&gt; I was thinking high end of the sector your priors were good um because that is correct for the rest but where I was going with this is if you're to listen to this podcast I think you maybe come away thinking wow pharma is hard like good god you know there's so many things and you know things roll off patent and we have the Chinese competitors and things like that so so so what is it &gt;&gt; investors have confidence in? &gt;&gt; Well, I think the track record of success, we've been on a growth curve for 12 years or so. It's certainly gone a little more hyperbolic lately, but um I think that builds confidence. &gt;&gt; I would hope some management piece, but also, you know, the the ability to um predict where to move and I think if you say, okay, what's your recipe? It's an R&amp;D business. The everything else is around the edges. So you have to create something better for people that improves their health. If you can do that, you're going to win. Policy, this and that, the commercial strategies, that's the 20. The 80 is this. And I think we do three things better than others. One we talked about already, which is cycle time. &gt;&gt; It's a basic concept, but if you can make software faster than someone else, you're going to win. And the same in the drug business. The second is prediction of where to tack the investment and allocating a meaningful part to ideas that may not be obvious today but actually are big problems without markets and we're drawn to those. That is the third box have pre-existing markets. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean there's illnesses but they're not medicines. &gt;&gt; And I think a lot of companies don't work that way. &gt;&gt; They look at okay where's their payment? where can I recoup my investment &gt;&gt; versus where's the where's their problem and maybe our situation &gt;&gt; video talks about how he loves uh zero dollar markets and you're describing some of the same blue ocean things that are you know there's no limit to human disease and actually the longer we help people live the more disease they'll be so in a way it's a like AI in that way where it's like AI begets more AI it's just this this growing machine and then I think discipline of the allocation between the types of R&amp;D that are extending the franchise. These moonshots we just talked about that could really actually create a new GP1 like category. Um, you know, we're doing this study now that I think it'll be quite interesting that it's going to potentially show you can slow Alzheimer's before it starts. That's the kind of thing that could be a mega market. And those have to not just help a lot of people, but they have to save a lot of money for health care systems in order to generate, I think, shared value. And then you have to do the discipline around the edges of of you know the next clinical trial for a cancer drug that's already working. I think being multimo multimodal in that and really kind of balancing your bets has been a key for our success. Capital allocation I guess in a sense &gt;&gt; when people are um are debating drug pricing and they debate it a lot. Um obviously the uh argument made by um people in the pharma industry which to be clear I think both of us um believe has a lot of legitimacy is well if the returns aren't favorable we're not going to pursue the investments and presume &gt;&gt; you'll never know because it was too expensive. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yes. And society wants more drugs and not fewer drugs and there are many diseases that are not have not been cured etc etc. And we've of course discussed these dynamics um extensively uh here just now. In as much as GLP1s represent this enormous advancement uh and improvement in Eli Liy's just fundamental financials, I mean, it's economically equivalent to a 2x, 3x, 4x increase in the realized drug price of every drug across the board. &gt;&gt; Um, does that mean that people should now expect Eli Liy to be far more able to fund broad-based drug R&amp;D than it was in the past? such that their estimate for the prospect of drug development and you know bounties of drug discovery over the next 10 20 30 years should be much larger than the preGLP1 world I think so although we have to prove we can so we're going to try I have a belief that if you're not generating to generate double digit growth in the sector you need to invest at 20 to 25% of sales in R&amp;D that's sort of a good a positive return R&amp;D stack back and and you plan to ratio as as revenue &gt;&gt; and this year we'll sell 60 some odd billion so you can that's how you get to the 14 billion and next year that'll grow by &gt;&gt; double digits and so &gt;&gt; but you think if revenue goes to 120 you know &gt;&gt; I would try to spend 20% of that which which would then approximate the NIH and and I think that's a frightening thing because well how many ideas are out there so I think of course we should do more of what we're good that we should be bounded by our own capabilities &gt;&gt; and we're not we don't know everything about every disease. We don't know everything about every modality but for the diseases we know the modalities we can fund more and pursue a healthy portion of these bigger bets on uh zero zero value markets we can expand the franchise we can do the incremental things we have to do at scale and do them earlier actually I think that's a quite an important thing often we do serial clinical trials and by the end of the product life cycle you get the final indication we're trying to stack them all into the beginning so that's expensive but we're in a position to do that it's not risk risky actually. &gt;&gt; So, you're saying anyone who's on the uh you know uh who's teetering on the brink of uh of purchasing a GLP1 especially in a self-pay mode or or something like that and they worry maybe it's self-indulgent to do so you know they should just go to the gym or you know exercise willpower and &gt;&gt; they're paying for medicine you're you're saying that the the purchase of this GLP1 is also a kind of subsidy for cancer R&amp;D &gt;&gt; and I was just to add on the R&amp;D the other thing we're doing at some scale is actually trying to create a ecosystem around us of invention that we can aid in a real way, not just own part of it. We have lots of deployed corporate venture, but um we've built these things called Catalyze 360 or the Gateway Labs here in South San Francisco actually where we host scaleups, not startups. And by host, I mean we offer our services. So if rather than hire some consultant who retired 5 years ago to help you with a particular problem, we'll give you someone working on it right now. And so it's sort of a loosely coupled model without buying them where often the entrepreneurs leave. We cultivate them and then maybe buy them if they're good. You have to apply to get in. So it's a competitive process. We have I think seven or eight of these now around the country and even two in China and building one in London. Um and we'll create a virtual version of this. And that tune lab tool, that AI tool I talked about earlier is embedded in that as well. So that's another way we can spend money in R&amp;D with other people and kind of use other brains uh to develop what we're doing. But I I have to caveat this may not work actually right there could be a frontier in what's possible and we found it and beyond that it's just waste. I don't rule that out and I think it's important caveat. We'll know those signals in the next couple years because our scale is getting to be bigger than anyone's ever done. Most those experiments that have been run ended badly. People mostly bought other companies at too high a price and then the drug didn't work out. We're not doing that. But, you know, it'll be interesting to see. And then, you know, for the if we quit, we'll turn into like an Apple. We'll just start buying back massive amounts of shares and return cash to shareholders who invested to create this surplus. But it's important what you're saying about people buying is that a a quarter of every dollar you spend is going to a research lab or a clinical trial for a medicine you might not need or for someone you don't know. But that's the system by which we create new medicines and we'll try to use that wisely. I don't take that responsibility lightly. That's someone's money. But um maybe they'll have Alzheimer's someday and we'll have a solution for that or maybe someone they know. But that's that's the virtuous circle we try to drive. Is it meaningful to talk about what fraction of R&amp;D is towards specific treatments is like focused vertical R&amp;D versus I presume you do a lot of horizontal R&amp;D. Yeah, exactly. Platforms because presumably it's even harder to reason about the platforms and the payoffs there. &gt;&gt; Well, there that's you need some scale. There's a lot of platform companies that get funded that are biotech. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we um they are usually exploring a new platform that's quite helpful. they that's important work they do and often we'll partner with them early we'll try to develop that capability ourselves basically in our business there's two kinds of questions on earlyphase R&amp;D one of them is this is there a new platform that can unlock targets we already know about in new ways or in better ways that create a whole field of drugs if you think of Janentech like that was a company that exploded based on monol antibbody technology by tricking cells to make a human antibbody that solved disease 30-year run of spectacular new medicines or Gilead Sciences nearby which really started on this idea of verology a new verology chemistry and small molecules. So we want to be there at the early stages because it is like a catching a wave thing. If you're late you miss it all. And so that's a kind of investing we do and that's a more scaled project. And then the other kind is like picking targets and looking in the broad space of biologic discovery and say, "Okay, of the thousand things uncovered this year, these 15 we think could be highly relevant and we're going to put a team around those. This isn't the skunk works uh kind of allowable deviation or whatever I said earlier, but it's a purposeful thing to say, let's drug hunt here. Let's use the tools we have and assault them those targets with multiple ones of those tools and see if we can get a drug out of it. And sometimes we've actually come out with like a small molecule and an antibbody and an SA like like we talked about LP le earlier that was the case there. We discarded the antibbody. There is one that's been developed and we went after the small molecule and the sa they're both in phase three and so that was a case of very purposeful find a target, attack the target, get get a medicine to market. So it's both. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And we need to hedge it that way, I think. Um, and then of course we watch the outside and sometimes we miss those two signals and we end up buying companies later in their cycle and saying, "Hey, we can add value through clinical trials or manufacturing scale or what else." &gt;&gt; Last question. Um, Eli Liy is um more than 100 years old and &gt;&gt; 150 in May. &gt;&gt; Oh wow. Okay. Okay. So, you're coming up on your 150th uh birthday &gt;&gt; and um &gt;&gt; I noticed that often very tenured successful companies are quite serious about and good at internal succession planning. I think about you know Royal Dutch Shell or you know companies like that and and Eli Liy. You joined in what year? &gt;&gt; Uh 1996. &gt;&gt; Right. You joined in 1996 not as a hired CEO. &gt;&gt; No, I was a BD M&amp;A. &gt;&gt; Exactly. And you were rotated across uh you know the business. You run China, you run the US business and exactly all these kind of roles. What do you think &gt;&gt; Stripe Silicon Valley companies should learn from Eli Liy and you know companies like Eli Liy, but that's where you have experience about talent planning and talent development. &gt;&gt; Yeah, fabulous question. I I do notice differences at least on the board I'm on and observing other companies. Um, some of that might be just the clock speed of the industry and the technology and some of it might be the newness of companies because if you haven't really seen the cycles play out, &gt;&gt; hard to kind of see the value. You got a problem, solve it, you know, work work on the next thing. &gt;&gt; But probably even in your company, which has been around long enough now, I'm sure you have people who are, you know, singledigit hires, you know, first few people who've really been excellent and what they're doing now is nothing like what they started doing. And you should examine like what are those? Why? Was it the experience path they took? Was it innate traits they have? Combination of those things. You know, we've had 150 years of that. And I'm the 11th CEO of the company. That's a that's one less than Pope's in that period of time. So that's it was a special honor actually. And it's not a lifetime appointment. Um I can be fired any day. But the first four were family members. And then we've had a lot of longunning successful and only one external &gt;&gt; really. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think u that's part of the success of the company is that in scaled companies and we've scaled for a while &gt;&gt; you know there's not one person cannot possibly yes &gt;&gt; really lead the whole thing. &gt;&gt; You have to know the role you have to play and you have to have others around you that can do it. By creating that environment, giving up some of that, you actually grow people and you grow people in a special way, a way that they know how to operate in the unspoken operating system called culture. &gt;&gt; And so they're more effective more quickly in new roles. &gt;&gt; They just know the domain, right? Because there's so much to know. &gt;&gt; They know the domain. Yeah. &gt;&gt; They also know the human domain of how to solve problems without committees. And like one of my things now is we grow so fast is like keep headcount flat and that's makes me very unpopular because people are like what like how do I get this work done? We are growing headcount in manufacturing that's a unit operation business. &gt;&gt; Are you growing in R&amp;D as you grow the spend &gt;&gt; slightly but it so we're growing R&amp;D high teens early low 20s we're growing headcount R&amp;D single digits. &gt;&gt; So where does the money go? &gt;&gt; So the money goes to projects. Yeah. And salary trials. &gt;&gt; I believe in paying people well. Yeah. So the salary there's salary growth, but clinical trials, new equipment, new laboratories, &gt;&gt; supercomputers from Nvidia, that's expensive. So um &gt;&gt; we're really trying to keep that goodness that can come from having most of the succession internal. What I noticed when I took over though was maybe that took over too much. There is a balance. I have tried to bring in at the leadership level and other ranks compete jobs externally and bring in outside voices that are the minority voice and have to have those innate traits and kind of a culture fit that can work but it stimulates you in ways that sometimes you're like yeah that felt a little uncomfortable because they came at it a different way or said in a way that doesn't connect with how we normally but actually they're making a good point. So, that's the blend we've um tried to find. And I look at my career and probably four or five times I was put in a job I had no business being in, but somebody thought I could learn it and that the output of that would be good performance at the end, not at the beginning, and then a better long-term thing for the company. I'm so grateful for that because that's like ultimate risk-taking on people. And I would not be here without those successive jobs where I was like I never would have gotten them if I applied externally but the company gave them to me. And as a CEO you have to do a lot of things that are very horizontal and I touched things that I I had no experience in but I learned by voraciously reading and doing and solving real problems that has made me more successful in this job. &gt;&gt; A lot of companies say they're long-term oriented but I feel like this is a particular example of revealed preference. &gt;&gt; Yeah. David, &gt;&gt; awesome conversation. Thanks to &gt;&gt; Thank you very much.
