---
ticker: STRIPE
type: youtube
title: "Stripe President John Collison on new tender offer, software sell-off and impact of AI"
channel: "CNBC Television"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xF_ugmSWQg0
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 7349
---

# Stripe President John Collison on new tender offer, software sell-off and impact of AI

## 视频信息
- **频道**: CNBC Television
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xF_ugmSWQg0

## 转录全文

New this morning, Stripe announcing a new tender offer, valuing that company at a whopping 159 billion. It's more than a 70% increase from last year's tender offering. The company also publishing its annual letter this morning disclosing that in 2025 payment volume totaled $1.9 trillion. I spoke with co-founder and President John Collison in an exclusive interview and asked him how the business has evolved in the past year. Stripe grew at 34% uh year-over-year for its uh its payment volume. And what you're seeing is a few different trends really driving that growth. Uh one is the continued adoption of Stripe amongst enterprises. You know, we have companies like Microsoft and Nvidia and all these uh folks uh moving to Stripe and seeing a lot of success there. Then you have everything that's going on in AI and obviously that's across every business in every industry. But for Stripe, we're seeing a really fast growing cohort of companies in our 2025 cohort and obviously all the AI labs and everything uh running on Stripe. So AI is really acting as a tailwind for the business. And then stable coins, you know, we talked about this, but they're finally starting to work for real world use cases. So we're seeing real stable coin volumes. &gt;&gt; I also asked him what he thinks about the debate around whether software is dead. Yeah, I mean it's it's interesting to watch so much tumult happening. I would say firstly all of the software businesses we work with and that we see are continuing to grow really strongly. And so this is not borne out by near-term metrics, right? That's what we see and that's what you generally see in the earnings data. You know, this is not the result of earnings misses or anything like that. Generally speaking, the growth of software companies has been quite strong and we've definitely seen that in in our data. I think what you're seeing is markets really hate uncertainty given the amount of of work you do in the AI space, not just the clients that are using AI, but the fact that your own engineers are using AI. when you start to sort of go through the permutations of where we could be in five years in terms of what you may very well be programming yourself uh little uh personalized apps and other things. What does it look like to you? &gt;&gt; It is clear that the it gets back to this uncertainty point, right? It is clear that the software production function is really changing quite a bit and so how we produce software at Stripe is different now versus in Q4 last year is different from the summer last year and so the way in which software is produced is really really changing. I think people are trying to figure that out and what that means. we think about what it means for the internet economy and those um business models shifts that are occurring. You know, again, we see much more usage based software happening. Uh that's something you're seeing with AI products and more broadly. We're starting to think about what it means when maybe the agents are transacting with each other. And so one of the things we spoke about was our our new blockchain tempo uh that we're incubating, but we think that would be very well suited for agent to agent commerce uh which is something that we're not seeing a ton of yet in our data, but we think is probably a 2026 thing. And so it's really yeah, as a company that is at the coldface of this stuff, the day-to-day experience of producing software is radically different on a month-to-month basis. And we think it means our products are going to have to be quite different because of what those companies need. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; you talk a lot about uh the idea of globalization um and this country bycountry expansion model which you say has melted away in in the letter. I'm curious what your reaction is uh both to the tariff regime that the President Trump the Trump administration uh put on and uh the Supreme Court's decision to effectively upend it. &gt;&gt; We're just following this stuff in real time. And obviously there's been a lot of I think uncertainty in the manufacturer of physical goods that people have had to deal with over the past year. We generally did not I think there was a lot of predictions of slowdown as a result of the tariffs that we did not see in our data. I mean we saw some maybe shifting of the specific corridors the places people were buying from but we didn't see any slowdown which is something that was predicted. I think what we're seeing with all these digital goods is in general the AI explosion is one of digital products right that generally are not tariff like they're not in categories that are tariffed and so your purchase of claude or chat GPT or you know your favorite AI product that is just not subject to tariffs and what we're seeing as a result of these products being so digitally native is they can go global faster than ever before and again that's the phenomenon that we talk about in the letter we are seeing companies go global sell in 100 countries and make significant revenue from their international business just way faster than any previous generation. We also got into this tender offer at $159 billion and whether Stripe will go public one day. &gt;&gt; We compensate people kind of significantly with equity. Some people have significant equity holdings and we want to make sure they have liquidity for that. And so we have now over the past few years ran a tender offer at roughly this uh this time of year and we we run a bit of a price setting process for that tender offer where we go out and we get uh you know bids from investors and so there's some kind of clearing price that we find where uh uh this is you know the price that a sufficient number of investors are are willing to invest at. Some people you know think it's too expensive, some people think it's reasonable and you know that's how markets work. you find the uh the clearing price for it. And then you know people always ask us about going public and we just think we are at this incredible moment of takeoff that's happening now where in our business we're growing at a very high rate. Uh you know the business has accelerated in uh in recent quarters. Uh the business is selfunding. We're able to do so out of profits. We have brand new kind of products we need to build to serve AI companies to serve agent commerce. We need to serve the stable coin explosion that's happening. Our industry is going to be completely different in three years time compared to where it has been. And so we are just focused on focused on building the right products for our users and serving their growth. And we think that right now like also dealing with a massive corporate transaction and kind of changing the capital structure would be a distraction compared to building all these products that our users need. So Paul Atkins DC these days says he wants to make IPOs great again. What would it take for him to make them great enough that you'd want to pursue one? &gt;&gt; I think for us, you know, right now this year, an IPO would be a a solution in search of a problem. We have a self-funding business that's growing very well uh with lots of new products that we want to go create. And so we just we don't need extra capital right now. Um, that's not one of our top five or 10 or 20 priorities.
