---
ticker: STRIPE
type: youtube
title: "Stripe CEO on the Future of How We Spend"
channel: "Bloomberg Live"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ejw2eHpliPA
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 22483
---

# Stripe CEO on the Future of How We Spend

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Bloomberg Live
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ejw2eHpliPA

## 转录全文

I always love talking to you because you think so big picture and you really try to be a student of the world, but we're going to start specific. Um, Stripe is basically the financial infrastructure that sort of quietly underpins millions of businesses around the world. What microeconomic signals are you seeing that maybe the macro is missing? Yeah. So, we definitely watch this stuff like a hawk. Uh where we're always looking for the next recession around a corner. You know, they talk about markets climbing a wall of worry. Uh and that's definitely how we feel where we're worrying as we watch things. But I will say right now from everything we see on both the consumer side and the business side, the wallets are open. You know, people are spend is healthy. um there's a a sense of optimism and especially on the B2B side of things. We see a lot of spend on the AI tools and AI products and services and I don't know people like to expend a lot of hot air on you know is AI a bubble and all this kind of stuff. The thing we see is everyone's pretty happy with what they're buying. You know no one is saying I did a lot of a AI enablement of customer service but you know what I'm going back to doing it the oldfashioned way. Like zero people are saying that. And so we just see a lot of optimism in the business climate. &gt;&gt; So you've been investing a lot in AI and e-commerce and obviously brick and mortar went e-commerce. Now e-commerce is going agentic which means more shopping is happening inside chat or will what is this going to mean for the economy? Are we all going to spend a lot more or will the explosion not be quite the same? Um, again I I think the level of spend tends to be dominated by the macroeconomic factors and how consumers are feeling. And again, as far as we can tell right now, uh, consumer spend is is holding up pretty healthily. I think what agentic commerce will do is change the nature of spending. And so, uh, you know, what's really going on, you all have probably seen it, is, you know, we just launched in October with, uh, with OpenAI buying directly within chat GPT. And that was a very natural evolution for them because you all have probably had the experience of uh you know doing product research within an AI app. It works really well. And it turns out that then going and filling out a whole bunch of web pages and clicking through seven different screens and where do I put my wallet and everything like that like that is not a conversion optimizing outcome. And so instead what uh you know first um uh uh open AAI with chatGPT and many of the other AI applications are doing are making it so that the purchase that you you know the product that you discovered directly within a back and forth with chat GBP you can then go convert directly there. I think what will then happen is it's a very interesting force that changes the nature of distribution where pre you know previously you might have gone to an aggregator site to find something you might have done a search or something like that now there's a different discovery engine you can have many more targeted conversational searches uh like you know you're looking for furniture and you're saying okay I want something that that has kind of this feeling and also by the way it should have these dimensions fits within this space and these are the you know manufacturers I like already like none of that is stuff you can do with existing keyword-based search and you're going to see the conversions based on that. And so we think it could be quite a democratizing force because you could lead to discovery of lesserk known brands. &gt;&gt; Now some merchants are scared of getting sort of cut out of the equations. What kind of conversations are you having about that? I think if your only value prop is aggregation and discovery within the current paradigms, you're going to have to have a lot of questions to answer. But if you uh sell based on the value of the brand and the product and people have very strong brand affinity, that brand affinity is going to exist regardless of whether people go to your website or whether they you know buy it agentically or something like that or you know Amazon has invested for decades in their uh logistics and fulfillment footprint. And so they have you know phenomenal advantages here to be able to get the product to you very quickly for a low price. And so I think the discovery and aggregation advantages are going to change but many businesses are differentiating based on on different &gt;&gt; actions. Um we've been talking a lot about sovereign AI and sort of the return of digital borders or a desire at least for dig digital borders. Is there such a thing as sovereign payments anymore? &gt;&gt; Yes. Uh so this is actually a trend that has gone uh not widely remarked upon because um you know things like AI get much more airtime but basically over the past 10 years many countries have started saying we want to be more involved in our digital payments infrastructure uh and we want to potentially provide that or have that run through our systems. And so many people point to what the Indian government did with you know first Adar and then UPI the uh governmentr run payment system as one of the initial systems uh there where it is uh very well-designed lowcost payment system that is now extremely widely used throughout India. What then happened is many other countries saw what had happened in India and said hey that's a great idea we should do that. And so Brazil rolled out Pix uh and it was launched in 2019. It is now completely ubiquitous. The uh Pix network does on average two transactions per Brazilian per day. It has displaced not just uh you know other forms of digital payment but huge amounts of cash and and and you know we could go through different countries. And so what this has then meant for Stripe and businesses running on Stripe is that &gt;&gt; our businesses you know an Amazon or an OpenAI or someone who's using Stripe to accept payments they don't want to think about all this stuff. They don't want to you know their eyes would you know glaze over if we were talking about all these payment differences. They just want to be able to sell their products and offer them in all the countries where where people are. And we notice that these AI companies especially are going global much faster than the prior generation of say e-commerce or SAS companies. And so what Stripes ends up doing for these businesses is acting as the universalish layer, you know, the translator that can make any customer able to turn up and use their method of payment, which may be a new sovereign method of payment with uh, you know, this product. So if an AI agent makes a payment, does it belong to any sovereign anymore or does it even &gt;&gt; Well, now I'm just talking about customer payments. you're now getting into a aentic and kind of machine to machine payments which we are not seeing a huge amount of yet but that is the um the really interesting thing coming forward we think which is maybe you know everyone's talking about uh agentic coding and the fact that you know there's a huge amount of Twitter hype around claw code uh and uh and things like this where people are seeing incredible results but as your um clawed code instance is going and building something for you probably wanted to not just be able to kind of write code and execute inside a virtual machine you probably want to be able to go use third party services and so you need to give your um you know claude code a credit card or some way to go spend money in the water broader world and so we're actually building a lot of products for agentic and machine to machine payments and we actually also just incubated a blockchain for very scalable uh you know payments which we think a lot of the utility will be for these kind of high throughput machine-to-achine use cases. &gt;&gt; You've been really vocal about about stable coins. What do you see as the best use case for stable coins in e-commerce? Is it microtransactions? Is it you know new types of transactions in agentic commerce that we just don't understand yet but will come. &gt;&gt; So so we think stable coins will follow a bit of an arc. Uh right now we are already seeing a lot of stable coin utility but basically a lot of the utility that we're seeing has some kind of crossber component because if you're in the US things kind of work fine you know from a domestic point of view. Um if you're h in Europe similarly there's lowcost bank transfers it you know it works well enough. uh it's not perfect. Whereas if you are a multinational company looking to pay out people all around the world, including in a lot of emerging markets, there are no good solutions for that today. You know, they're high cost, they're very slow, and there actually just isn't connectivity in a lot of these markets. And so we're seeing a lot of product market fit and you know, we made two acquisitions in crypto uh recently, Bridge and and Privy. Uh, and we've had a lot of success with crypto orchestration where basically people are coming to us because they want to say be able to pay out money around the world or they want to be able to, you know, uh, build functionality where you can hold dollar balances within your app or something like that. And we're again starting to see these successes. One of my favorite of our customers is a company called Felix Pago. They're doing remittances, but it's remittances powered by stable coins. And so they have this like incredibly fast growing remittance app. and stable coins are a big part of how they've managed to build such a low friction and uh and compelling product offering. So anyway, that's what is currently working really well in uh stable coins a lot of kind of this crossber international stuff but we think there'll be a bit of a a WhatsApp effect where you know WhatsApp conquered the United States from the outside in. It started as an international uh phenomenon because you know people did not have free SMS in many countries and so WhatsApp became really popular and then people in the US who had friends outside of the country or you know immigrants or uh uh you know cosmopolitan folks would use it and now it's become quite popular within the US but again it was this outside in adoption story. We think something very similar is likely to happen with crypto and stable coins where it starts for these crossber use cases. But then that gets the flywheel going and gets people familiar with the product and they have you know money in a wallet or something like that and then you start to see more regular adoption of just using it you know to power a fintech app or you know to uh to send money on a peer-to-peer basis or something like that. &gt;&gt; When does the WhatsApp effect happen? &gt;&gt; Over the coming few years. &gt;&gt; Okay. So you told us you were talking to banks about stable coins. uh can you tell us any more about the progress of those conversations in terms of you know them working with you on this? &gt;&gt; I think banks were much more skeptical of stable coins five or 10 years ago and now you're seeing much more embrace. I think it helps that things like, you know, the um term tokenized deposits you'll hear, which is kind of a related but separate concept. It seems like banks are starting to have some uh uh success with. And so, you know, Jamie Diamond was, you know, one of the um you know, most quotable famous Bitcoin bears and, you know, if you Google, he has these mill he's just like extremely colorful and quotable [laughter] in general, but he's got a bunch of fabulous uh uh you know, quotes about how um you know, terrible Bitcoin is in all sorts of various ways. Um, and now, uh, you know, they're having a lot of success with tokenized deposits, and so I think the bank posture towards stable coins is, uh, is really changing. &gt;&gt; You gave me the perfect segue, so thank you. Jamie Diamond recently said that Chase will continue to spend what's needed to compete with companies like Stripe, said Stripe by name. Does that worry you? Does that get you &gt;&gt; worked up at all? Look, um, last time I checked, Jamie Diamond runs the, uh, largest and most successful bank in the United States with an $800 billion market cap. So, Chase will be fine. Um, [laughter] and also just you don't have to [laughter] win every market, you know, like Stripe, uh, you know, does well in uh, payments and we do lots of other things and, you know, we're continuing to expand. Um, uh, J JP Morgan does well in all sorts of different, um, you know, lines of bank. We have great partnerships with them across a whole bunch of different uh products. So, I don't know, people love to get into the WWE aspect of it where, you know, people are um kind of throwing verbal punches at each other, but um you know, I have a huge fondness for Jamie. We work at JP Morgan a bunch. We nibble and compete around the edges and both businesses are doing just fine. &gt;&gt; Well, I I believe his exact words were, "We are going to stay out front, so help us God." &gt;&gt; That sounds like Jamie. [laughter] Well, you know, I think and and I you know, you have so many partners, but also pseudo competitors. There's J J um JP Morgan, there's Apple, there's Visa and Mastercard. Like, you know, I you know, with Apple, it's been really interesting. They they just, you know, you know, sort of pushed Goldman out of their partnership. Now they're working more um with with with um JP Morgan. Do you have any concerns that Apple increasingly wants more of the stack and the the that they become more of the enemy part of the frenommy? &gt;&gt; Okay, so here's the thing about our space. Payments by their nature tautologically involve two parties. Uh I mean generally many more than two parties but at least two parties in that you know the transaction from one side to the other side. And so you always have tons of folks where um you are partnering with them and you know maybe competing with them in some areas and you have kind of productive ways to uh to work together. That is like the name of the game in our uh industry. And so like I said you know uh uh JP Morgan we compete with they have a payments business. It's more of a legacy business. I don't think you know it's it's losing share a and uh you know we are doing very well within the payment side of things but then there's a whole bunch of other areas where we kind of successfully partner with them you know with Apple we have a great partnership with Apple Pay because again we want to lower friction and allow more digital transactions and so Apple Pay is a modality that's like so low friction that it allows new kinds of digital transactions to happen. Have you guys ever had the experience of, you know, now sometimes when you go to a restaurant, they maybe have some like digital order ahead, you know, this also ties to labor market and everything like that, but you order at the table, you scan a QR code and then you just like do Apple Pay and that's it. It takes like a few clicks. That kind of wouldn't work without Apple Pay because you're there like filling in your payment details and get an error and something like that. It's like, okay, come on, let's, you know, get a server over here. that that kind of experience can only work if you have something low friction like uh and ubiquitous like Apple Pay. And so as a result for us, Apple Pay is amazing because it's lowering the friction for e-commerce transactions and it's leading to kind of many more of those happening. And so we have a fabulous partnership with um with Apple on that kind of stuff. Same with, you know, Google and all these people. And so there's lots of different parts of the value chain, but in general, we are looking to grow the GDP of the internet. We love when people kind of contribute to that idea. &gt;&gt; Okay. You've been really vocal about European tech regulation and I'm curious, you just recently wrote a big piece about this. Curious if at this point you believe the dream of a European tech giant is is is unrealistic. &gt;&gt; No. Uh I mean I think there's lots of good progress and um you know even in the latest um AI revolution you have a bunch of um really successful European breakouts like uh Mistral like lovable um uh there's a whole bunch of companies you know we see in the data uh lots of uh successful European companies. I think the other thing that's helpful within the European AI and tech space right now is that I think the dialogue has really shifted and um uh in particular around European competitiveness and if you were talking about the problems of uh European um overregulation and the you know bureaucracy uh with uh you know with especially the EU a few years ago you'd have to do a kind of subtle voce and you know you're having a you know you're kind of spreading uh uh samastat illegal thoughts uh and now you know the draggy report came out uh recently and said just that and put it front and center and I think uh received a lot of uh praise for laying out some of the the the problems and we had uh uh president uh Vanderion here today uh talking about EU Inc. and this uh 28th regime idea, you know, the 27 EU member states, the 28th being kind of a standard where it could be easy to then incorporate a company. And so for me, the healthiest thing that has happened is how the narrative has shifted and people have accepted that there really was a phase of complete overregulation and a lack of standards where as an EU company, you were still subject to way too many differences across national regimes. I think that narrative has really shifted. &gt;&gt; Okay. Now, you know, as I said earlier, you I know you like to think in decades, and you and Patrick, your brother, um have have made, you know, a decision to stay private for the foreseeable future. Of course, everyone wants to know if that's ever going to change. Has there been anything recently that has made you reopen the debate internally between the two of you about whether or not this is still a good idea and why? &gt;&gt; We are still not in any rush. And you know we used to say that you know we said that &gt;&gt; I know you for 10 years. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. So um uh but now maybe you're kind of somehow convinced. No look it's very early for us where we genuinely it is the fastest moving time in our industry that I have felt period since we started Stripe. Uh because we have uh I mean a lot that we're doing just generally with stripe you know to serve startups to serve enterprises all across the gamut. And then you have AI and agentic commerce coming where we think it is a transformation on the same scale of you know commerce moving from brickandmortar to the internet. It's going to be a similar level of transformation where you have people going from kind of directly interacting with websites and apps to doing stuff agentically. And then you have crypto and stable coins again finally starting to work. And you know we've been tracking crypto the entire time we've been building Stripe. We um started Stripe in 2009. The Bitcoin white paper was released in 2008. So, you know, these two phenomena have grown up together with similar ideas uh around, you know, making um internet money movement uh easier and the very different approaches. We've wanted crypto stuff to work for the longest time. Uh and this is the first time that we're seeing like really significant adoption of, you know, especially with stable coins. So, we have tons of product transformation, product investment to do and uh you know, the uh the cat table of a company does not uh change the intrinsic value of the business. And so we're just focusing on growing the business. &gt;&gt; You and I were talking about backstage about just how crazy this time is in tech and how it just feels crazier than it's ever felt before. How do you see the sort of hierarchy in Silicon Valley and globally changing as a result of what the moment that we're in right now? &gt;&gt; Um that's a good question. I mean I don't know is the um the honest answer. I think obviously the really interesting thing that's happening is one how quickly AI companies have built very large successful products and so it it was just a much more it was a much shorter emergence of the phenomenon than say previous waves like social media the time required from chat GPT to go from a brand new product to you know hundreds of millions of uh uh active users was much shorter than any of the previous tech waves. And so I think partly people are still getting to grips with all that stuff. Then the second thing is um there are you know I don't talk to any businesses that don't think AI is a big deal and aren't trying to adopt it within their businesses and so it's going to be a very w rapidly deployed and widely deployed technology and I'm just curious to see the effects of that. I think we're we're in the early innings. How how concerned are you about the social issues in society sort of metabolizing all of this change? &gt;&gt; I am long-term very optimistic where I think we've just figured out many tricky things over the years. I'm not saying it won't be bumpy, but um &gt;&gt; sharing the planet with non-human intelligence that has for the very first time ever. I mean, &gt;&gt; I trust that we will figure it out, but there will be some figuring out that happens. &gt;&gt; What are your AI habits? Like what how do you use AI throughout your day? What are you obsessed with? What do you avoid? &gt;&gt; Just voraciously um back and forth with the um with the AI apps be it you know chat GPT or um uh Gemini or um you know whatever your favorite app is. I I think the information discovery patterns have really changed. I think the other shoe that's about to drop again you saw a lot of this enthusiasm for for people using cloud code is um personalized software and again we feel like there there will be a huge boom in personal software when you can just ask the machine to you know not only retrieve you an answer but build you the software that you need. Um we came from a world of everyone using identical software that you know engineers wrote and then deployed very widely and the world would look different when everyone has their own personalized software that was um concocted according to their specifications.
