---
ticker: NOW
type: podcast_transcript
title: "'The market is getting gutted.' Stocks plunge again as Iran war spreads, U.S. jobs data disappoints"
podcast: ""
date: 2026-03-07
audio_url: https://dts.podtrac.com/redirect.mp3/pdst.fm/e/injector.simplecastaudio.com/818c79ea-ecbd-49ef-9118-fb6e70249747/episodes/0435d2b1-00e6-4ffa-aa11-63a1f2f8fc77/audio/128/default.mp3?aid=rss_feed&awCollectionId=818c79ea-ecbd-49ef-9118-fb6e70249747&awEpisodeId=0435d2b1-00e6-4ffa-aa11-63a1f2f8fc77&feed=0j_7K9RB
language: auto
chars: 44565
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# 'The market is getting gutted.' Stocks plunge again as Iran war spreads, U.S. jobs data disappoints

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2026-03-07

---

## Transcript

Tom Steyer, when he says he's going to tax big corporations and the billionaires who own them, he needs it heclose the Trump property tax loophole that costs our state billions standing with unions to fund schools and single payer guaranteed health care. And hetake on Trump because I've been in enough corporate boarddrooms to know a crook when I see one and fight to abolish ice. Tom Steyer, progressive for governor, paid for by Steyer for governor, 2026. Iran halting oil shipment, fuel prices surging when crisis. Yet overseas, our state gets punched harder at the pump. That's because California's policies are pushing our refineries to close, forcing us to import fuel, handing control of our energy supply to volatile foreign countries. And as global conflict erupts, our access to energy is threatened and our prices Spike. Californians are paying the price for our state's failed energy policies, paid for by Californians for energy independence. Tonight, President Trump demands Iran's unconditional surrender as air strikes from the us and Israel continued. What's next as trumps shifting messages to signal a longer war? Then money, power, politics, oil prices surge in stocks fall after a tough dogs report, what it all means for the broader economy, plus what we are learning from new reporting about a secret dea investigation into Jeffrey Epstein and his associates as the eleventh hour look gets underway on this Friday night. Good evening. Once again, I am Stephanie rule and White. Right now we are about two hours away from the one week mark on Donald Trump's war on Iran. The conct has spread across more than a dozen countries in the Middle East. As the world wonders where this is all headed before we get into the war itself, if it is worth pointing out that it is not helping our fragile economy. Today we saw an off awful jobs report. Prices are still high. And now because of the war in the Middle East, gas prices are shooting up and global shipping is now in question. We're gonna to get into all of that in money, power politics, but I want na start tonight with Donald Trump himself. Today he demanded an unconditional surrender from Iran. He also said that along with our allies, the us will help to rebuild Iran, making it economically bigger, better and stronger than ever before. He ended the social media post with make Iran great again. Just hours later, he hosted defense contractors at the White House to get them to increase production. Afterwards, Trump said the companies agreed to quadruple the production of weaponry, but he also claimed that the expansion started three months ago. Meanwhile, it sounds like Russia and this matters, turn up the volume. It sounds like Russia is involved in this war. An American official is telling ms. Now that Russia has given Iran information that could help strike American ships, aircraft and bases in the region. And tomorrow, the six American service members who are killed in the Middle East will return to American soil. The dignified transfer will happen at Dover Air Force Base in Delaware. The president says he will be there along with members of his cabinet. All right, now let's get smarter with the help of our lead off panel. And we need them tonight. David rde is here. Ms. Now senior national security reporter. Kayla Gardner, ms. Now White House correspondent. And Miles Taylor, former chief of staff for the department of homeland security during the first Trump administration and former ambassador to Israel. Daniel Shapiro, with two decades of experience in senior us government roles. He is also a senior fellow with the Atlantic Council. Daniel, you have to help us first. You are in the Middle East. What can you share with our audience about what it's like there right now, what Americans should know about that part of the world? Evenstephanie, I was in Israel for the first six days of the war, where there were regular sirens that required people to go to shelters, ongoing Iranian missile attacks, and then later Hezbollah missile attacks from Lebanon. And so that's ongoing, I think, is actually worse in the Gulf. The Israelis have excellent air defenses. There have been two deadly strikes there, but they've mostly been able to handle it, and they have been some reduction in those rates of fire as the Israeli us Air Force have intercepted launchers on the ground in Iran in the Gulf. However, I think they're running very low on their own air defense stockpile, which means that if the Iranians can continue to launch drones and missiles toward those Gulf states, that could get very, very diey over the coming days. The concern is that a lot of people don't know where this is headed. Israelis understandably want to see this Iranian regime toppled. It's the regime that has sponsored so much terror and so many missile strikes against them over many years. But the question is, how long will this persist while oil prices are rising, while markets are tanking, while air defense stocks are running low? And when the president calls for unconditional surrender, it sounds as though he is setting this out to be a very long war. On the other hand, he could declare victory tomorrow. He could say, we've eliminated the Iranian leadership that tayatala the supreme leader. We badly damaged their ballistic missile capability, their nuclear facilities and their navy. And now we're going to give some support, non kinetic support, to the Iranian people so they can try to achieve freedom from this terrible regime. But when you talk about unconditional surrender and he has to pick the new leader, it sounds like we may be heading into something that could last many, many more weeks. That's exactly what I want to stay on, what unconditional surrender means and what winning wing means, because I want to share what Caroline Levitt had to say when she was asked specifically about the president's demand for surrender. Watch this. What the president means is that when he, as commander in chief of the us armed forces, determines that Iran no longer poses a threat to the United States of America, and the goals of operation epic furhas been fully realized, then Iran will essentially be in a place of unconditional surrender, whether they say it themselves or not. Akaa, what she just described is not the same as Iran's surrendering. What do you make of what we heard from both Trump and Carolyn Levitt? I mean, it's a huge caveat, whether you know it's by Iran's terms or President Trump sters. But I think what has been increasingly clear over what has been almost a week now of this ongoing conflict is every time the president talks about Iran, he's raising the stakes. Before this conflict happened, it was about ensuring that they didn't have a nuclear weapon. Now it's about destroying all of their naval assets. It's about destroying their ballistic missiles and preventing their vast terrorist network from destabilizing the region, which is something, frankly, that I still don't understand how that impacts the ceasefire agreement that was made in Gaza. The president keeps raising the stakes here, but what is increasingly clear is he feels very proud of the operation. So far. He continues to call very successful, and he's said as much in conversations with journalists. But I don't think anyone questions whether the us can do this. And they are very much doing this with a huge amount of firepower. It's the question of whether they should be doing that. And that is not something that the president has really been able to articulate to the American public. And frankly, even though he has talked about the Iran conflict, he has not taken questions on camera more than two times this week. And even today he was asked by Fox News, Fox News is Peter decy about that rapport, that Russia is providing intelligence to Iran. And he straight up called the question a stupid question. He referred to this problem as an easy problem. He basically instructed the journalist in the room not to ask questions other than about the roundtable that was happening about college sports. So he clearly does not want to take very serious questions about this, even though the American people continue to have questions about why we are engaging in this conflict. Is Trump boxing himself in here, David, I mean, demanding unconditional surrender, won't that require American troops on the ground? Yes, I was going to make the exact same point. Every time unconditional surrender has been reached, it's when there's either troops on the ground or the threat of a massive invasion. I'm thinking back to Japan in World War Two. That was after years of war. And it's just shocking, I think, the president's apparent view of war that you can achieve so much just with airstrikes. And I just have questioned, I guess, all this week, how can you he's trying to sort of wage war on the cheap or wage war at the 30000 feet. Enemies don't surrender unless they face, you know, a threat on the ground. It's very clear. And then I reported this yesterday, but we, you know, it's a billion dollars a day. Just the cost of $1 billion a day to congressional officials confirm that to me. So we're at almost at day seven, as you said in the intro. So we're at at least 6 billion now. It will drop if we're using less of these expensive interceptor missiles, but that is the cost to the American people. As he, you know, as Akaya said, has a new definition of victory every day. Miles, the Washington Post pointed out that all those MaaS firings last year in the government means there are fewer people in the government working on national security. Put on top of that, a lot of them who are still there have been focused on deportations. How confident are you that this current government is ready to meet the moment in terms of national security? Honestly, Stephanie, zero confidence. I have more precisely zero confidence that we are prepared for this. We were not prepared here on the home front. And I think you could say reasonably, without hyperbole, that people will die because of it. And and the president seemingly agrees with me. I mean, he was asked Stephanie today if the American people should be worried about retaliation here at home. And his answer was a two word answer, I guess. And then he went on to say that, well, you know, in war, people die. That should have people worried that that's the president's reaction. Clearly, they did not do the preparation for this. I haven't heard a single thing from my contacts at the department of homeland security that suggests they were brought into any preparations or war gaming or anything in advance against a war with Iraq. That's a very, very big deal. I got to tell you something. The first thing that I revealed when I came forward from in the Trump administration was that his cabinet had considered or had talked about the 20Fifth Amendment, not because they were trying to invoke it imminently, but because they were worried Donald Trump was crazy enough that he would put them in a situation where his own handpicked cabinet might have to use it. And that was only a few months after defense secretary Matis had told us at dhs to prepare for the possibility of nuclear war, because he didn't know what Trump was going to do next with North Korea. And we did. We held exercises in private to prepare for the possibility of nuclear war because we were so worried. I wish we hadn't had to have done that, but we did, because that's what the department of homeland security does if they don't know if their president is going to get them into a nuclear conflict. And now you can see why people were worried. One moment Donald Trump's mumbling about his ballroom. The next moment he's dropping bombs in a conflict that has the trappings of a regional war, in a massive financial crisis. And then he's mumbling about his ballroom again. I still don't think people understand this is what you get when you put a vindictive, senile sociopath in charge of national security. How do you really feel, miles? And for our audience at home, if you're wondering why you're going to have nightmares tonight, miles gave them to you. David, I always want you to be on the show. But tonight, specifically, it's on the reporting you have been doing about Russia's role. Okay. Like I want to repeat it again for our audience. They have been giving Iran information. Can you break this down for us? Sure. Two, I got a second source just before the show started. So two, us. Officials have now confirmed that Russia is providing information. To Iran that it can use to target American planes, American ships and American bases in the Persian Gulf. The Russians are not giving them instructions on how to use and exactly where to target. This is extraordinary. This is Russia, this country that so many you Europeans and Democrats have warned Donald Trump to not trust, putting American service members at risk. And what's also extraordinary is sort of the reaction of the president's aides. Carolyn Levitt basically was asked about this and says, it doesn't matter because American forces are completely decimating Iranian forces. And Pete had asked about this on 60 minutes, and he sort of declared, no one's putting us in danger. Know we're that strong. It's amazing because I, no matter what Russia or Vladimir Putin does, he sort of gets a more gentle, a gentle PaaS compared to many other countries in the world. And I've just never seen anything like this where a country arrival, a lontime rival, is providing information that puts American service members in danger. And there's really no strong reaction from the White House. Daniel, the Associated Press is reporting that our allies in the Gulf are mad for two specific reasons. One, we didn't warn them about the strikes. And two, that the administration ignored their warnings about how a conflict like this could quickly spiral across the region. The consequences, what could these consequences be for our crucial alliances? That's that there was an understanding that at some point later this year, the Israelis felt they had to deal with the ballistic missile threat that had really presented itself in the war last June, when some of those missiles did penetrate Israeli air defenses and casome serious damage before Iran could really expand it. But it's obvious that the timetable for this operation was accelerated by the Iranian people's protests against the regime in January. The president kind of putting his neck out there to say, we're behind you, we're gonna to support you. Then, of course, the Iranian regime massacred tens of thousands of them. So this was brought forward in February, rather than maybe later this year when there would have been time to prepare defenses in the Gulf, to prepare the American people who weren't really aware, and I think woke up quite surprised last Saturday morning to discover that we're at war in the Middle East, where I think you see the Gulf states very concerned, obviously, is on the oil market is now going with the price going way up and the shipments stalled through the straof war moves. But maybe more concerning for them is the decimation of their air defenses. So far, they have been able to use them, but these are expensive systems against rather cheap Iranian drones. And to follow on David's point is very interesting. This report that Russia is providing targeting assistance to Iran against us forces, you know what Ukraine is doing? Ukraine is using all the experience they have gained fighting Iranian drones that Russia is using in Ukraine to help our Gulf partners learn how to intercept them at much higher rates of success, at much lower cost. Now that should tell us something about who our friends are. And maybe it should actually lead to some revisiting of Our Ukraine policy to provide more support to the friends who are standing with us against Iran and helping our allies against Iran than Russia, which is doing the opposite. Miles, again, I'm afraid of your answer. The president told time magazine that his administration thinks about retaliatory strikes in Iran all the time. They plan for it. If we do, does that mean that we're ready for potential cyber attacks here? I don't think we are. I mean, I got to tell you, the agency that we created under Donald Trump in the first term, the cybersecurity and infrastructure Security Agency, I stood over the president's shoulder as he signed the bill, a bill that I had helped right when I was on Capitol Hill. He created it, and he has now been a part of its systematic dismantlement. Why? Because my former colleague, Chris kreabbs, who ran that agency, who also helped oversee the cybersecurity of the 2020 election, came out at a moment Donald Trump wanted his team to lie about an election being stolen and said, no, Mister President, it was a free and fair and secure election. Since that moment, Trump has been helell bent on destroying the nation's premier defensive cybersecurity agency. As a consequence, sisa is a shell of its former self at a moment when we need to be worried about a very sophisticated cyber adversary attacking the United States. You add into that this week the president of the United States fired his homeland security secretary. Now, you don't have to play the violin for Christy nome, but it's a very odd thing to take the United States to war and to fire the defensive team. What nfl team do you know goes out there and gets rid of defense before they go play on the field? What are you talking about, Mr. President? If you knew you were going to invade Iran, why not consult dhs 12? Why in the first week, fire your dhs team? That's what's happening here. There's no consideration being given to homeland security. And I also have to say, you know what David was noting earlier about cooperation between the Iranians and the Russians? That's the type of thing that was very foreseeable. You could have put this problem to me seven years ago, and I would have said one of the first things you're gonna na need to worry about is, do the Russians enter the conflict because they've been deepening their relationship with the Iranians for the past 15 years? And then my second question would be, do the Chinese do the same? Do the Chinese come in and start to arm the Iranians? And do you worry about this spiraling into a bigger war? And guess what? We have news tonight that, yes, the Chinese indeed are talking about helping to arm the Iranians. So it's not just the Russians coming into the conflict, it's the Chinese. But this shouldn't be something that blows people's minds at how the dominoes fell. This was all foreseeable. But you have a team that's unprepared, a team that's unserious, and they've gotten us into a much bigger mess than they realized. Akaa, ten days ago, at the state of the union, when the president had to talk about affordability, the one thing he was thrilled about were gas prices. At the time, he said they were a dollar a gallon, which they absolutely weren't. But even if they were $2 now, they're squarely above three. How is this White House managing this increase in gas prices? I know you have new reporting on it. This is not a good story for them. I mean, as soon as this conflict broke out last weekend, we knew that oil prices were going to be affected. And now that they are, I think this is a huge alarm bell for the Republican party, because I've talked to voters who frankly don't feel great about the economy, but often unprompted, they would say, but I have seen gas prices go down. And that had been a huge bright spot for the president. He continuously talked about it, as you mentioned, for the White House. And now that is being taken away. We had seen before this conflict, gas prices had fallen about $0.10 over the last year. That is now completely wiped out. They're up almost half a dollar on the month. And so President Trump has been essentially dismissing the problem. He says that oil prices will come back down. He says this is only a short term Spike. But you have to understand that the White House is very closely monitoring these rises. They're concerned about it. But the president's basic responses essentially keep calm, and he's saying that eventually that theycome down. David akaa, miles, ambassador, thank you for joining us tonight. Coming up later in the show, our dear friend and historian, John Meechum, is here to help put in perspective yet another American war in the Middle East, plus how the war is causing pain for us here at home. But first, right after the break, you do not want to miss this story. Drug trafficking, money laundering and prostitution, new reports revealing a secret investigation into Epstein and others in his close circle. My next guest dug into all of it. He shares how it all unfolded and why there were still no charges filed. The eleventh hour just getting underway on a Friday night. Iran halting oil shipment, fuel prices surging when crisis hoverseas, our state gets punched harder at the pump. That's because California's policies are pushing our refineries to close, forcing us to import fuel handding control of our energy supply to volatile foreign countries. And as global conflict erupts, our access to energy is threatened and our prices Spike. Californians are paying the price for our statfailed energy policies, paid for by Californians for energy independence. Cy, you're more than just one thing, and your vehicle should have more too. More connectivity when you're the boss. Hey, Google, when's my next meeting? More space when you're the rleader and we're good. And when you're the mom, everyone in they all knew Mazda cx five more to move every side of you. Learn more at Mazda ussa. Com. Google is a trademark of Google llc. Sequences shortened and simulated. You know that thing where you get an amazing pair of shoes at a really great price? I want to tell everyone about it. Yeah, so do we. Here at designer shoe warehouse. We'll give you something a brag about, like the latest styles from brands you love, or the trends everyone's obsessing over, or shoes that make you feel like, well, you. But go ahead, show off a little buying shoes to get you and prices that get your budget at your dsw store or dsw dot com. Today. Dsw, let us surprise you. Let's turn now to the Epstein files. Back in January, one of the documents released by the Justice Department indicated that there had been a federal investigation into Epstein and 14 other people who had been unknown to the public. But the document was so heavily redacted, little else could be determined. Now Bloomberg is revealing new details of that investigation and raising serious questions about what authorities knew about Epstein before they arrested him. The federal Drug Enforcement Administration reportedly opened an investigation into Jeffrey Epstein and a dozen dozen other individuals in 2015 that centered on allegations of money laundering, drug trafficking, and the procurement of Eastern European prostitutes for high profile clients. That is according to five people familiar with the case, and the investigation was conducted by a secretive intelligence and law enforcement unit of the agency and a transnational crime fighting task force. Jason Leopold is the Bloomberg senior investigative reporter behind that report. He joins us now. Jason, this is pretty extraordinary stuff. What can you tell us about the investigation? Sure. So thank you, Stephanie. And it's I just want to point out, it's twelve individuals and two businesses. It was actually two businesses that were targeted. So this is a target profile. That's how it' S Referred to by the Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task force. It was prepared for the dea in 2015. It's related to an operation called chain reaction. And through my reporting over the past month, I was able to find out that chain reaction dated back to 2011, when the dea and the Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task force forces were targeting members of the genovez crime family. And they were also looking at drug traffickers in clubs, nightclubs. They had a particular focus on ketamine, ecstasy and methamphetamines. Over four years, they arrested a number of people and prosecuted a number of people. And around January of 2015, they were kind of ready to wrap this up because they had many defendants that were going to be sentenced. And an informant told them, one of the informant who was arrested told them that Jeffrey Epstein was involved in the financing, funding of ecstasy, ketamine and methamphetamines, and he was also running a prostitution ring. So for a couple of months, the dea investigated this, and then they asked for this target profile, which named twelve other people, which included Mark Epstein, Jeffrey Epstein's brother, his accountants, his lawyers, and there were six women whose names we have withheld because they may, in fact, be victims or we could not locate them. But I do want to point out, Stephanie, that no one was ever charged here. And we don't know how the case shook out, but how is that? How is that? That no one was charged, you know, so that is one of the most frustrating things perhaps for all of us kind of looking through these Epstein files, right? And it appears that we have a complete case file. The fact of the matter is here, we don't have the complete case file as it relates to this particular investigation. So this investigation, this joint investigation with the dea and the Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task force, which, by the way, was defunded and shut down last year, it had been around for 40 years. And we just don't have everything that that should be released. We you know, I do know just from reporting, there are other documents that the dea, the fbi and other agencies have as it relates to this particular investigation. Okay. Well, based on these documents, what we do know, Epstein was on the federal government's radar for two decades. Okay? They reportedly tracked his movements, built dossiers on his connections and followed his money. How unusual is it for law enforcement to so closely monitor an individual without taking clear action against them? When you put all of that in context and actually see what he was charged and convicted of and what went to prison for, it's chump change compared to this. You know, it's a great question. I'll be honest, I don't have the answer to that because I have never seen anything like this before. I think that's what's so extraordinary about these records. As you point out, there are multiple federal agencies that were keeping tabs on him. One document that I highlighted here, a separate document in this story that I published today, was the fbi had alerted its legal atthe in Paris that Epstein was traveling there. And that seems somewhat routine. But know, it said no action you know, deemed necessary unless they were just alerting you for your awareness. So there were agencies that were keeping tabs on him. What's what's remarkable about this particular heavily redacted document is that it also shows that the State Department's Diplomatic Security Service had information on him related to non immigrant visas, that they were looking into the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, which is not a big surprise. We know that there were suspicious activity reports there. Cbp, ice, the irs had an investigation. So you have all of these agencies looking into Epstein, keeping tabs on him. And you're right, nothing nothing happened. And and we don't have the answer to that because we don't have the complete files from everything. We have you know the justice departprosecution and case files there, but we just don't have everything. Well, what you do have is pretty extraordinary reporting, and I'm grateful for it. Thanks for joining us tonight, Jason. Thank you, Stephanie. I appreciate it when we come back. The war in Iran has driven spiking oil prices, and market losses this week in a worse than expected jobs report is only adding fuel to the economic fire. Money, power, politics is next. All right, time now for money, power, politics and President Trump. Well, he's got an economy problem. Take the jobs report today. 92, zero Americans lost their jobs last month, with more companies whispering about AI induced layoffs to come, and the unemployment rate ticked up to 4.4%. There's no other way to say this. The jobs report was no bueno, no good, a major miss. But I want to share how White House economic advisor Kevin hastt spun those numbers. We had the crazy weather in February. The worst of it was actually outside of the survey week, but there was a lot of lingering junk, as you might recall, with the ice that was everywhere. I think that on netit's almost like a wash number. Okay, that's a wash. Unfortunately for the White House, you cannot blame bad weather for oil and gas prices being up, but you can blame the strait of Hormuz, which has effectively been shut down. Crude oil broke about 90 bucks a barrel today. To put that in perspective, it was $55a barrel back in December. Oil ended the week up lar, 35%, its biggest weekly jump since oil futures started trading 40 years ago. Where also easing sanctions on Russian oil. At the very same time, we learned Russia is providing Iran with Intel that could help it target us forces. Given all of this, it is not surprising that the market is selling off. The Dow lost more than 400 points today, posting its worst week in nearly a year. But according to the White House, this is all good news for the economy. We have to focus on the short term, and the temporary goals of operation epic fury to obliterate the Iranian regime will be a very good thing for the energy and oil markets and for oil prices across the globe. Ron and sana joins us now, and he's a veteran financial journalist and publisher of the message of the markets on subsac. And Bill Cohen, who we haven't seen in person in a while, were thrilled these back, former Wall Street banker turned journalist and a founding partner at pukron. Let's start with the jobs numbers. These were major unexpected losses at a time when a lot of labor economists thought things were going to like, settle out. They're not. And Kevin hait had it exactly wrong. This had nothing to do with the weather. It beif you go back to Liberation Day in April, the day in which President Trump imposed tariffs. We have not created a single job for the last six months. We've averaged 1000 job losses per month over that period. So this is not weather related. There were some nursing strikes that did affect the number in last month, but that was 31000 out of 92000. So you are seeing a weakening labor market. At the same time, you're seeing inflation probably re accelerating, which is, as we've talked about many times in the past, Stephany, and of a mini stagflationary environment that puts the Federal Reserve in quite a bit of a pickle. All right, well, let's look at this. Oil traffic in the strait of Hormus is basically at a standstill. The White House keeps promising escorts to tankers, but has not it has not happened yet. They haven't even explained how or when it will. And on top of that, Qatar has now warned that the Iran war will force the Gulf to stop energy exports within days. Bill, how quickly could all of the above ripple through the economy? Well, you're already seeing oil prices, you know, gas prices go up at the pump and in like heartland America, that's really what people care about. And they're up like ten, 12% in a week. You know, the job numbers are not good. Inflation is still a problem. Yes. So I mean, I can't imagine how this is going to play with the American public where in Washington, in the White House, they're saying how great the economy is. And like in the real world, hold on, gas prices are higher. Unemployment is up. Inflation is still a problem. Tariffs, I'm getting tariffs to death. So I don't think this plays very well at Stephanie. And I think it's beginning to show up in some of the political polling that's happening to say, and some of these races and some of the races that are primaries that are taking place. So I'm thinking there's got to be nervousness in Washington. And when the head of the committee for economic advisers starts talking about the weather, you know, that's the last thing that you know is rather a pathetic excuse, because companies like retailers do this right before they fell for bankruptcy. They talk about how the weather is okay. Well, guess what? Februis over. There's not many more money. You can blame it on the weather. Okay. We are less dependent on oil in the Middle East than obviously we were decades ago. Yet the White House is insisting this is still good news for the oil trade. How do you make sense of that? Well, you can't. I mean, it's the Young woman who is the spokesperson for the White House is Caroline Levitt. Yeah, I knew her name. I was just going to leave it out, but thought I was helping. Does not have A, I think, real deep sense of history when it comes to oil market behavior. I mean, we could easily see oil go above one 100a barrel. Maybe not to lar 150, depends how quickly this war is resolved, if indeed it is. But it has a very know, pronounced impact on the economy. And not only is oil flowing through the straits of hormuose, but also fertilizer, agricultural products, the fertilizer which is used in agriculture here in the United States. So we may be let more energy self sufficient than China or Japan or other parts of the world, but we do rely on a lot of materials that come through that part of the world. And it can have a pronounced effect on the economy and it may be much longer lived than many people realize. Okay. So the Federal Reserve is already juggling a weakening labor market, right? The possible impact of major job loss because of AI. You've got chaotic tariff policies, you do have persistent inflation, and now you have this war in the Middle East. We do not know how long it's going to last. The Fed doesn't have that many tools, and they basically used all the tools they have at their disposdisposal. What can they use next if things really do turn right? Because when you talk to Wall Street this week, you know, that loves to cling on to optimism that like this war is going to be really quick, it's going to be over, it's going to be done with. If it's not, what else can the Fed do? Well, if the Fed gets really desperate again, we can get into quantitative easing, know where they're actually buying bonds to drive down yields, and just how Kevin worsh wants to start his job. I mean, they really are in a box now. The bond market sold off. The stock market sold off. You know, gold up, oils up, golup oils up. You know, the president wants rates to be 1%. I mean, Kevin Walsh may or may not get confirmed if the Senator from North Carolina has his way. So I think they're in a box. And if they want to go the quantitative easing route again, that's going to create you know huge asset bubbles. And well, there already is one and we think it's in private credit. We're already starting to see there's that too in the private credit market. We're starting to see some of those people don't know what that is. Okay. So they're away from bank lending. There are entire large corporations that lend into industries that have not been serviced by banks now for years. So the private credit industry, which includes companies like BlackRock, Blackstone, blue owl, paace corporation, Apollo, they've all been lending to software companies, to other companies. Now they're starting to see some problems in their portfolio, and they've sold some of this stuff to retail or individual investors, and they're telling they can't take all their money out. They're doing what's called gating in the industry. They're preventing them from taking that. Is this a one off that the average consumer shouldn't care about? Or is this the canary in the coal mine that private credit is the first shoe to drop? For me, it's more the latter. It's not 2008, but I think it's gonna to create a financial market event that we'll all be quite aware of within the next six to twelve months and we'll have a ripple effect. And then you start asking, what does the Fed do? Does it take interest rates back to 1%? Does it launch quantitative easing and start buying bonds to drive down long term interest rates to bail out whoever happens to be in trouble? Yes, still, yes, the Dow dropped today, but I wouldn't say by that much. If you put it all in perspective, does it surprise you that we haven't had a more negative market reaction in the last week? I think we're building to one. I mean, I honestly do. I mean, it's been crazy for at least a year, right? And the market, it was up tucked 50000. Now it's down to 47000. There's all sorts of evaluation excess all over the place with AI and data centers and paystate, by the way, said 50000 right at the top, but $50000 and SpaceX, ipo and Elon with a trillion dollars pay package, there's been a lot of excess. Stephanie, I think we're not that far away from a correction. And if you look under the surface, away from just the major averages, technology stocks are down 20 to 40%. Software stocks, software retailers, banks, alternative asset managers down as much as 40%. Bitcoin is down 50% from its all time high. So there's a lot of damage under the surface that doesn't show up in the indexes, but the market's kind of getting gutted, and sometimes we see that happen before the major averages fall. Gentlemen, it is a pleasure always to have you here. When we return, I'm going to take a deep breath on this. Video games and movie clips are being used to sell a war. That is something new for our history books. We're gonna look at how the White House is war leadership compares to past presidents. John nicsche will be here. At dsw, we ask the important questions like what shoes are you going to wear? Whether you're prepping for wedding season, festival season or just planning the ultimate vacant, the right shoes can make or break an rsvp. So on the moment, you've got big plans and we've got just the shoes at the perfect price, of course. Get ready to get ready with designer shoe warehouse at your dsw store or dsw. Com today. And let us surprise you as President Trump continues implementing his ambitious agenda. Follow along with the ms now newsletter project 47. You'll get weekly updates sent straight to your inbox with expert analysis on the administration's latest actions and how they're affecting the American people. The American people are basically telling the president that they are not okay with any of this. Sign up for the project 47 newsletter at ms now slaproject 47. In just a few hours, the United States will have been at war with Iran for one week. And as we pointed out, there was no live presidential address from the Oval Office explaining to the American people the need for this war. And the administration has had mixed messaging on their reasons for getting involved since. Have we ever seen anything like this before? Well, we know. Just the man to ask, historian John nietchem is here. His new book, American struggle democracy, dissent, and the pursuit of a more perfect union and anthology is out now. John, I'm always glad you're here, but especially tonight. Has any other administration handled war in this way? No. You know, there's there have been covert operations. But to launch this level of force with one level of rhetorical engagement, which is a the president speaking entirely on his own terms and when he wants and with not a great deal of consultation and almost no interest that I can discern in what the American people really think about this. And presidents for a long time, obviously have done things that they wanted to do in spite of perhaps a lack of public support. But this is particularly odd because he's just assuming, from what we can tell, that the people are with him. And if they're not, hejust say they are. And I think one of the things he said today about calling for an unconditional surrender from Iran, that's language that was first used by us grant in the civil war and then was used at Casablanca by Franklin Roosevelt in Winston Churchill in 1943, about two of the largest struggles in American history, the civil war and World War Two. The language, the rhetoric, is as if we are putting the entire force of our democracy behind and into this struggle. And yet part of the covenant of wars and democracies is that you will explain it to us and you will bring us in the what American history says is that if you make the case, we'll do what it takes, even when we might disagree with it. But this is a level of, I don't want to say contempt, but maybe that is the right word. It's a blaze approach to building support for a case for war that is, I think, unprecedented. Well, think about the last two months, right? The president took military action in Venezuela. He was threatening to seize Greenland. Now we've started this war in Iran. And and next they're talking about Cuba being the next target. How does the rest of the world see us right now? Not well. And they all wonder, are they going to be next, right? And America has always been stronger when we've invested in our alliances. We prevailed in the Cold War not simply because we made the most nukes, but because we invested in nato. We reached out in a vision of the world that because the world had become so much smaller, largely because of air power, that the world was now a neighborhood. Again, fdr talked about how he was articulating the four freedoms, getting ready to do that in the state of the union in 1941, and he was dictating it. And he said, we are going to support freedom from fear anywhere in the world. We're going to support freedom of worship anywhere in the world, freedom from want anywhere in the world. And an advisor, Harry Hopkins, said to him, Mr. President, I wouldn't say everywhere in the world because America didn't care what's going on in Java. And fdr looked at him, said, the world is getting so small now, Harry, they're going to have to care. And now the folks are wondering, will this particularly autocratic American president turn his attention to them? And it has to be destabilizing. I want to share with you, former President Obama spoke about where we find ourselves right now when he was speaking at Jesse Jackson's funeral today. And I want to share just a bit of that. Each day we wake up to some new assault on our Democratic institutions, another setback to the idea of the rule of law, an offense to common decency. Every day you wake up to to things you just didn't think were possible. Every day you wake up to things you didn't think were possible. What's your reaction to that? I think the former president is right. Norms are important. Not because people who look boring, like me, say norms are important, right? Norms are about the parts of the constitution, the parts of how we are with each other other, which is, by the way, another word for morality, how we are with each other. You can't write a law for every scenario. And so there are certain expectations, there are certain codes that have helped govern the United States for 250 years, sometimes more so, sometimes less so. But one of them is that if you're going to project immense amounts of force at a vital nation in the middle of a tumultuous region, you might tell us what you're up to and you might ask whether we're with you, because the president may think he's a king, but in point of fact, he's not. We're going to close the night on that. The president may, in fact, think he's a king, but he is not. John, always good to have you here. Thanks for joining us. We'll be right back. Thanks. That does it for me for this long week. I am signing off from all of us here at ms now. Thanks for staying up late. I will see you at the end of Monday. Simone Sanders Townsend and I have known each other for more than a decade, tussling over politics and policy when she worked in the White House, and I reported on it. And now, with friends and colleagues and on our podcast, clocit, we are positioning ourselves at the intersection of culture and politics. Clockett is where we talk about what we see and hear in the news. So you can start to cloit too clocket with simmonan Eugene all episodes available now.
