---
ticker: NOW
type: podcast_transcript
title: "My January Buy & Sell Log: the mid–5‑figure strong‑buy purchase, Top 2026 stocks up 11.8% vs a flat S&P, and why most of my moves are now Alpha Picks"
podcast: ""
date: 2026-02-02
audio_url: https://traffic.megaphone.fm/APO2542763519.mp3
language: auto
chars: 28918
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# My January Buy & Sell Log: the mid–5‑figure strong‑buy purchase, Top 2026 stocks up 11.8% vs a flat S&P, and why most of my moves are now Alpha Picks

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2026-02-02

---

## Transcript

Guime through my hopes and fears. Tundaily domaa single show, sign for news. Taking this, making move, gain success together. Gather wocoker no room for life. Good morning. It is Monday, February second. January is over. We got big sales because of Valentine's day. I'll go over that alpha pick. Just get ready because the sales will come up and the tools, things. So stick with me because it's going to be a good show. We get an alpha pick at noontime today. I bought a big time alpha pick on Friday. We'll talk about that one. And while January saw dips, we did see all time highs as well. So it's kind of playing out just like last year. We'll go over how to create that narrative, how to look at the stock market, the software narrative. We saw Microsoft service, now salesforce all get killed last week. And we're seeing what goes up with commodities like silver and gold must come down. My buys in January will go over that. What, six stocks could make you a millionaire? Another huge earnings week, and we'll go over best stocks in the market. I've got a couple of new ones that I haven't mentioned before, but I want to start with trends. But okay, this is qqq, and I've gone over this. I show you my chart every single day. Trenspider. I love it. I just use these horizontal lines to identify support and resistance. How do I do it? Previous all time highs with a pullback. Previous, you know, pullback, destinies like this, 600 and you're seeing my lines are between 585 and 633. Do I panic here? No. At 622. Let's see, in premarket, you are at 618. $618 brings you all the way back to October of last year. October, you have literally made no money if you bought in October. Now, if you bought late October, December, if you bought January twelfth, or even just last week at all time highs, you're down. But your time frame matters. And I want you to have transpider. You should have a charting program. My preference is transpider y because I can easily just manand you'll see me throughout this podcast maneuver in this software program. It is an incredibly powerful software program. I don't use half of it. And that's why I tell people when the sale is going on, it's not about just the dollar amount that you're saving. And yes, it's significant. You can save up to 50%. Okay? It's not just the dollar amount, it's the training courses. And so I get to understand exactly where I want stuff, how I want it set up, because I've been using this software since 2020. It is a long time that I've been using this. I have been able to show myself in my portfolio the gains that I've been able to make. And in 2022, the savings that I had when you went through this downturn, because trspider saved me, I was able to identify opportunities to trim. And that's where this the actual savings come in. It's not just about how much you make, it's about how much you saand. So the savings on this, when you get the advanced tiyou, get 52 trainings per year. So that's once per week. Do 107. Let's see what's 107 times twelve, it's 1000 to 184. And that may seem like a lot. What's 1284 divided by 52. That would be approximately 24.693. That's less than $25 per training session, simple as that. So you may not know anything about technicals, but literally you can save that. So trenspider sale is going on. That's what I want to see. And an fyi you can trade like a turtle. They have all of these tools. At the end, I'm going to use a scanner just by putting in the word bullish and using a bullish scanner to try and find some opportunities. That's it. So wait till the end to see that this is a strategy how rookies turned $5000 into 175 million. They literally built the tools for you that you can import. You can try out transpider using my link on link tree. Go and get a two week trial, okay, for $5 and go and see if turtle strategy or one of the other 78 strategies that they have available for you to download and import into your system and and fyi, you know you can visualize a stock that may be ready to go. Here's nvidia and this is how you can see it on your charts. 47 per share, 155 times earnings. That's way back in 20, 23. Now we've gone all the way up to $191 per share, but you're only $45 times earnings. That's how a stock goes up earning earnings per share, they go up, but the times forward earnings, they go down. That's a quality stock and you can visualize it. Now, the 22, 20, 22 bear market we just talked about, it fell 75%, peak to trough in bitcoin. Okay, peak to trough 75%. You have a lot further down to go. So if you're in crypto, make sure your strategy is strong. Now I am losing money in crypto. I bought it at over 100, zero. Am I worried about it? No. It's a long term play for me. I am okay sitting and losing money. I don't want na get out because of the pops, but just understand you have a long way down to go. Now I want to talk about a couple of other things because Seeking Alpha, you know, here on on lintree, I have one, two, three, four Seeking Alpha links. The first or out, let's go over the first, the the the most important alpha picks. Hey, they love you. This is the month of love. It's Valentine's day. And so what did a Seeking Alpha do? They gave you an additional dollar off. Okay, it's not just 50 off. You're saving $75, a 15% discount off of alpha picks. Look at the performance, 278% versus the S&P at 83%. I talk about it all the time. Okay. And maybe you don't want a portfolio that's hand delivered to you. Maybe you want to do the research yourself. Well, the month of love continues because you get 45 day of dollars off of a premium, again, 15% off. But what you get with this one is you get a free seven day trial. Now both of these discounts, by the way, individually are great, but just get the bundle. It saves you an additional 40 off even those great discounts. And if you're on the fence, let me just give you an idea. Okay? Go and get Seeking Alpha premium for a free seven day trial, okay? You can import your portfolio like I have over here. You can get a health check. You know this, best of us investors, it gives you a health check on your portfolio when you import it, okay? It's based on the quant. You can go over there and do that, get that free for seven days, and then go and get transpider a trial for $5 for two weeks. So for seven days, you import your portfolio into Seeking Alpha, get a health score. Then you go over to trenspider and you use sidekick, which is the AI. You get a ton. Even during that two week trial, you get a ton of sidekick messages for $5. Oh, and by the way, today I'll be live on substack at noontime because we get a new alphapick. I'll get my thoughts on it tomorrow during the office hours, live at 9:00a.m., but we get a new alphabenew pick at noon. I'll be live on substack. Okay. And speaking of that, did you buy micron? Because micron is one of the alphapicks to top 20, 26 stock. This one. Did you buy it on Friday? Because I did. Why? Because amid said that he added 20% to his stuff. Again, I'm gonna to bring this up a little later, but it's micron, just in case you're listening. And what can you expect this week? This is where Seeking Alpha really displays greatness, is the catalyst watch. It's my favorite email. Why? Because it outlines every day for you. And this entire week, it is all about earnings. It's all about Google, it's all about amd. It's all about a ton of earnings. And while January saw dips and new times highs, it's important to remember, okay, stories like this. This is the story of Ronald reed, insane, born in 1921, who was a janitor, lived frugally, saved consistently, invested in high quality dividend paying stocks. Okay, high quality dividend. He was in Wells Fargo, Proctor and gamble, Colgate, palm, olive, American Express, jm smockers, J and J vf corporation. McCormick, a janitor who worked at the same school for over 40 years, died with $8 million in the bank. Kiana never earned more than $45000a year. He only bought dividend stocks, reinvested every cent, never sold. So if you're thinking of selling, remember Tom Lee, he said on the compound this weekend he expects a 30% drop midyear sometime maybe from higher than where we are today. But it's not going to be a time to sell. It's going to be a time to take a look, excuse me, at the charts and understand from a weekly perspective, where are we? We are stretched every time we've come up this high. We've either gone sideways or down. We have gone sideways since October. It's not a long way. It's not this isn't a short five k. It's a long term race. So understand, if you wanto retire with 8 million in the bank, you've got to be in it to win it. Time in the market beats timing the market. But if you want to start timing the market with some stuff, then use charts and again, do how do I go and look at my market? Well, let's just look at year to date. What's leading microcaps are 5.8% up. Small caps are 5.7. Mid caps are 4%. The Dow Jones, S&P and nasdaq are all up in the 1% range. So you can clearly see what's gaining. Then you go down to us equity sectors. Well, energy is up 14%. What's at the bottom? Financial services and tech. So I'm not doing fantastic in this market. If I were in basic materials and energy, I'd be doing great. If I was industrials, I'd be beating the market at 6%. There's quite a bit in these in us equities that are beating the market. Then you go into us equity right here, it's high dividend yield up 4%, dividend growth up 3%, equal weight 3%. You go down to the bottom, it's growth. So no longer last year is last year's play of growth is not hitting this year. Global equities, emerging markets and developed markets, they're up 75%. Remember, the world is up over 5% minus the us. The us. S&P 500 is up 1.47. Emerging markets are up 8%. Look at year to date countries, Brazil and Japan, 16 and 6%. And then you go to year to date bonds. What's the worst performing? The 20 year tlt commodities. Commodities are blowing things away. Natural gas is up 37%. Silver is up 17 even after Friday's drop. This market data creates the story of the market. It's the narrative of the market. So far in January, you can see what's going on. Then you go out to one year. Okay, microcaps still are still winning. But then you've got the nasdaq up 18% in one year. Then you've got the S&P up 14%. So you're small and mid caps there at the bottom. You you go one year. Equities technology is at the top at 23%. Your basic materials over one year only up 4%. I'm sorry, 10%, 10%. Energy is up 13%. Again, beating the index. What's not beating the index? It's health care. It is. Well, Yeah, over one year, it's not beating the it's health care, it's consumer staples, it's consumer jurisdiscretion. Xlwhich is Tesla and Amazon. It's financials. So again, you paint that story because remember, January saw dips, but we also saw new all time highs. So be Ronald reed. Be Ronald reed. And this the software narrative. If you're wondering about why I hate software investments as they have been destroyed, we saw Microsoft get destroyed. We saw a service now. We saw salesforce. All of software just got destroyed last week. Here's the narrative. Microsoft beat revenue estimates. The stock plunged 11%. Salesforce repeated growth, stock fell 5%. Service now beat earnings, stock crashed. Sap b projection, stdrop 15%. Entire software sector entered a bear market tary, down 22% from its peak. These are companies everyone said would win from AI. They spent billions buying AI companies. In environment of heightened investor skepticism, stable growth falls short of shifting the narrative gird. Earnings aren't enough anymore. The market is pricing in a world where AI replaces the software these companies sell. Servicnow CEO tried defending on the earnings. AI needs workflow orchestration. Servicnow is gateway to this ship market response down 1011 percent. Because what he didn't say, if AI can write the code, automate the workflows and generate apps at a fraction of the cost, why would anyone pay $50000 per year for an enterprise software license? The Percy pricing model that made SaaS companies rich is getting murdered by AI efficiency. And this narrative goes on and on. This was worded perfectly. It's why I hate software. You can't win a pricing war against free. And so who's going to win in that pricing war? In my mind, it's Google. That's why I own a ton of Google. And what goes up must come down in bubbles. Things pop quickly. Silver went on a wild ride, was down 30% Friday. Okay, the leverage dtf's were down as much as 60 and 70%. Gold was down 10%. Is it a buy the dip opportunity? Probably. But do you want to find a falling knife? That's where charts come in. Slv, we can just look at the four hour algorithm. It got you in here at 43. Did it get you out yet? No. But at 43, you've still doubled your money up here. So is it time to get out? Probably when you've got that big of a delta where you get below the nine day and you don't have confirmation? Probably. So my buys and sells in January, I will post for the newsletter folks for discussion. Tomorrow, for the paid newsletter folks, I will post all the buys and sales that I had in January. I made a Big Five figure buy on Friday. Why rinse and repeat. It's a strong buy in the quant. It's an alpha pick. Fundamentals are super strong. Hamid on savvy traders said he added 20% more to his shares on a 5% dip in the four hour algorithm. The buy was back on December nineteenth, which I added to this position, and that was 56% ago. Yes. If you bought this stock, which was a strong buy, which was an alphapick, if you bought on December nineteenth, when the four hour algorithm told you to get in, you were up 56%. High conviction zone. Go and listen to my last week podcast about high conviction zone. Now let's talk about six stocks that could make you a millionaire. Because bank of America, their analyst, has projected that global semiconductor sales week will exceed dollar trillion dollars in 2026, driven by the AI boom. And here's the six stocks that they highlighted as their top six for 2026 expected to lead the 1 trillion. We just saw how nvidia the chart the pe goes down while the stock goes up. Excuse me. Okay. You Broadcom this is when I got out of lamb research. Great one kale. I've never owned this one. Analog devices never owned it. Cadence. What are you investing in? Because what I would do is take all of these over to to and we will go over to let's look at nvidia. It's a hold in the quan, I think. Yes. Why? Well, you can do this AI summary and it outlines the five sectors, valuation, growth, profitability, momentum, rerevisions. Nvidia has significantly overvalued its price to book of 39, which is more than nine times the sector, reflecting an expensive stock. Even though its pe is down, the price to sales of 24.93 is substantially higher than the sector. Why? Because you're paying for the leader. You're paying for the leader. And it is expensive. It's just cheaper than it has been in the past. And you've seen it go up. Okay. One of my favorite ratios, the peg ratio, price to earnings and growth. This is at one, this fits a Peter Lynch style stock. So again, I would take these over here. I would look at the fundamentals, take all six of them, look at the fundamentals. Then I go over here and say, intranspider, Oh, nvidia, well, it doesn't trade great in the four hour algorithm. And we can go all the way back to August of last year where you hit 180. And I put in those lines right there. Okay, 180 by underneath. Sell over the top if you want to trim. And by the way, when I'm trimming, I'm not trimming with stocks that I bought here at 170. I'm trimming stocks that I bought here at 100, okay, in April of last year. Potentially more than likely it stocks like back here in the long term capital gains that I'm trimming. So again, have a plan, have a strategy. And this week, duabout earnings. This is my again, my favorite email, the catalyst watch, Amazon earnings, ipo blitz, gold swings and the jobs report. We're going to have a crazy volatile week. You can see coin and reddit are set up for a volatile week based on options volume, the most overbought stocks per the 14 day gold, sky resources, ameriresources and precept gold, precipitate gold. I don't even know these companies, but you can look at them. You can look at the quant rating. If they have a quant rating, why is this not going up here? Arif, there you go. Let's see. Does have a quant rating. It's being slow there. It is strong. Buy ying the quant. You can see, by the way, when you look at something like this and you go, Oh, when was it strong buy? It was just a buy back here at a dollar 24. And then it went to a strong buy. Let's say, did it just go to a strong buy? Strong buy at $4, $0.04. You're at $4, $0.08. Where does Wall Street think that this one's worth? They there's only one analyst that he hasn't given a thing. Again, these are small cap companies. This is a market cap of eight, $660 million. So you've got a huge week of earnings and volatility. And here's the earnings. Okay, just in case you don't have Seeking Alpha, you don't have catalyst watch, here's the earnings for you. This is a huge week of earnings. Alphabet, Amazon, amd, palenr, Qualcomm. And by the way, if you do have seeking alphm giving you literally spoon feeding you, 41 strong buy stocks report earnings this week, including one alpha picstock that's up 40% in one month. One of the most recent alphapicstocks, a gold miner, a top 2026 stock that's up 15% year to date. My pick for a stock that will outperform nvidia this year is also reporting earnings. One of the stocks in the Google chip ecosystem that is up 386% in one year, and one that AI picked as a 2026 outperformer was Disney. And they reported great earnings. Okay, shares of the company fell 4% and an immediate reaction to the port report, but erase loisn't jumped as much as 4%. But pairing most of those gains, it went nuts. We can look at the after hours because these are good earnings, but the market is taking it down. Let's just look at a one minute chart here in the after hours of Disney. Look at that reaction. That's what earnings can do. It just pumped it up, popped it down, and we're still continuing down. But these earnings were really good. Now here's the thing. Disney in the quant, it's a buy, but it's still super expensive. We talked about nvidia having that 1.0 something a peg ratio, this forward peg ratios 2.7. For Peter Lynch, that would be too expensive. So let's talk about stocks in the market that might be good. I was looking over today this top stocks by market cap. Interesting because I saw a stock that I hadn't seen on here before in the S&P 500, and that's Southwest Airlines. Okay. All I did was pop in here. I went down, I looked at this and I said, hmm, the quad has it is a 4.97 out of five rating. Well, why we can look at this and we can say right here, valuation trades had an attractive valuation with the nv sales of 0.87, significantly below the sector growth. Exceptional growth with forward operating cash flow of 104%, far exceeding the sector 8%. So its growth, unbelievable. Profitability metrics are mixed with a net income margin of 1.38. It's an airline. That's what it is. The sector median is 6.50, but this is a discount airline momentum. The momentum is strong with a three month price performance up 31%, substantially outperforming this sector. This was a by the dip revisions. Earnings revisions are promising with 21 upward revisions and just one downward, reflecting the analyst optimism. So. So I went in and I looked at this, Southwest Airlines defies critics. I want to see that story. And I thought it was interesting because down here it says even southwe's $4 earnings per share target, which represents lar 330% growth from a year earlier, seems conservative to Shanker and southwest management, both of whom acknowledge the $4 full year $20.26 earnings per share target is at the low end of the range. Hence the at least qualifier from Jordan on the call. So while the stock has been one of the best performers of 2025, it was up 56%. We believe there is still plenty of room to the upside for love and can keep executing along with the nuclear more bullish path, agrees bmo. They raise their price target five, seven, 50. Where's the stock trading right now? 47 strong by Wall Street has it as a hold. There are 25 analysts that cover this. Eleven of them say it's a hold. Their average price target is 46, but this means maybe they're going to chase it up. Well, let's go over two transpider and let's look at how love may trade in the four hour algorithm. Does it work in the four hour algorithm? Is this a stock that you wanna look at? Well, four hour algorithm just got you in at 47, 41. We can see right here over the past two years, it makes you 23% versus buying and holding makes you 54%. So if I were to look at this one now, where to say, well, it's just popping up off the mac d because their earnings pushed it from 41 to 47. So it was a great week after their earnings. And we can look at the weekly chart. Okay? The weekly chart just had a golden cross. The macd not super high, but the rsi is concerning. Is it getting overheated? Last week's candle was a 13.494% candle. But as the quan has shown you, maybe there's more room to go. And if I were just looking at this one and putting a horizontal line in here, I would say, you know what? That one right there looks like it's going to be a resistance. If we can hold above there, then I would say this, next to next stop is 57. That's probably not a bad risk reward for a stock that's a strong buy in the quant. So I could go in here and I could add some custom notes and I'm going to say, let's say, two, two, 26 found as a top quant stock at 47, 52, just going to put it in there as a note. Boom, it was added. We'll close that. It's in there. We'll check on in a week or so. See what it's it's at 4825 right now in the premark. We'll check on it. Does it do well? And the Dutch investors on on a substack, they point out three news items about tsmc. Maybe Taiwan semi could be a best stock in the market right now. I want semi rumored to slap apple with its biggest price increase in years. They have pricing power. It's flexing its muscles. Nvidia's CEO recently claimed that nvidia had become the biggest tsmc client. When asked, by the way, I'll add during that same interview, when asked, how much will you pay tsmc to make you, he said, whatever it costs to make the chips with record results in a 56 billion investment. Tsmc makes it clear AI is not temporary hype. So we can go over here and we can look at Taiwan, Sami, it's a strong buy in the quad, 4.97. The only mark against it is the valuation. Okay? Wall Street has a 27% upside to this stock. Now again, we'll go over to transpider. Is this one you want to trade? While the four hour algorithm doesn't make you as much as buy and hold, but when you look at a weekly, it looks significantly stretched. Now, if I'm buying at $329, I'm putting in my, my my resistance at 311. If it breaks below there, I don't see much until 226. So if we do go into a significant run, then that 311 would be where I would cut my ties. Understand? That's the way I look at these things and the top 20, 26 stocks. Okay? I do this all the time. I have the top 2025 stocks right here and I track them. The top 2026 stocks. If you purchased each one on the day of the announcement, your entire each one of those stocks, you're up 11.8%. Again, top 2026 stocks. It is part of Seeking Alpha. It is part of this premium package. It is an get the seven day trial, get this one of these. Okay, since just since the announcement, one's up 40%, one's up 19%, one's up 17%. You only have two losers. One's down 2%, one's down 4%. Both are strong buys in the quant. That's the top 20, 26 stocks. And if we're seeking off the premium members, you can literally just go down here and go to top stocks and look at these top stocks, scroll down and check out what the quant thinks about the sectors, because you can see the sectors in these. What's it pointing out? Well, it's AI, it's crypto, it's a gm and it's gold. And alpha picks described it perfectly. On Friday, I put it into the chat in the newsletter alpha picks. The correction was triggered by the dollar rebounding following reports of the wassh nomination. Christopher wanong, a strategic strategist at oversea Chinese Banking Corp, observed, the gold move validates the cautionary tale of fast up, fast down. While a correction was overdue given the parabolic moves, junoted that wash's news served as one of those excuses markets are waiting for to unwind parabolic moves. That's it. That's that's a perfect explanation as to why we're down today, why gold continues down. Remember, wassh, if you haven't seen the news, wassh is a guy who wants to shrink the Fed balance sheet. What has happened? Every time they've tried to shrink the Fed balance sheet? The market has gone down. Rinse and repeat. So now you're saying, well, how do I find stocks that are going up? Go over to transpider. Just go over to scanner and let's type in bullish. Okay? All of these scans, okay? You can do upper Bolinger bad. You can do squeeze breakout, you can do rsi breakout. You can do recent mad bucross. We can look at these, okay? These are recent stocks that had a mac debullish cross. We can see apple in the four hour algorithm. 254 was the buy we're at right now. 260, the market is opened up and we're starting to go up. You can See Caterpillar had a bullish macd cross up, okay for our algorithm had you in back here at 588. We can see veriorizon had you in here at 3:39, bullish macd crossover. And and again, ibm, bullish macd crossover. Four, our algorithm has you in here at 307. It's trading at about 307 right now as the market opens. And by the way, if we just go back here and look at this, I started this podcast and we were down. We've started to see Green. Any reaction in the market is an overreaction. Disney is absolutely getting killed down 7%. So it's not just about earnings, it's about quality. And you can see that over and over again. Go and look at the market data. Is it growth that's getting the year to date winners? No. Growth is at the bottom. It is high yield. It's dividend growth. It's value momentum is even in the middle of the pack. It's still outpacing the index, which is only up 1.47. So know what you own, know how it works in your portfolio, have the tools available to you because again, the the the perfect package for me is the premium with alpha picks and transpider. And yes, with all the sales going on, you can get them for under just about a thousand bucks. But if you get that advanced here, you get the 52 week training session, 52 training sessions per year, once per week. So for paid members at the end of the newsletter today, I will have all of my buys and sales. And by the way, just spoiler, you don't have to pea paid member. I will tell you the majority of my buying and selling this year have been alpha picks. Why? Because alpha picks is a data driven portfolio of good quality fundamental stocks. And Steve said it best last year during that April downturn. When you have a downturn, you want quality. And what do we see in the us equity sectors or us equity sectors? You see quality down here when you have that. But pullback, you want quality. Personally, I don't want long term high dividend yield. I don't want don't want long term dividend growth. It's not my thing. I don't want rsp equal weight. If you look at rsp over ten years against the S&P, you're underperforming. Still a great return, but you're underperforming. So for long term, I want quality fundamental stocks, and that's what this portfolio gives you even during that 20, 22 downturn, this started July first, 2022 through January January 20 ninth, 2026. It went through the April downturn. It outperformed. That's why if you've been on the fence about alpha picks, today is the day to get it because you get a pick and you're saving even an additional amount of money. So if you have any questions, everything's on link tree, even my email address. I will talk to you later. Bye. Every morning I wake up to the sound of the trading bmy heart times account, daily stop trading pocast in my ears, guiding me through. Sign up for the newsletter, right us help you grow taking its naked together, o'clock or no room for any less. Every morning I wake up to the sound on the train bmy horse lights down dhe stop the trading five guigging me through my hopes and fears tuning daily. Don't miss a single show. Sign up for the help you grow o taking risk, making moves, making gain success together we'll car through no room for ready last.
