---
ticker: CRWD
type: youtube
title: "CRWD Overcoming "SaaS-Quatch:" AI Strategy & Growth Critical for Earnings"
channel: "Schwab Network"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zt0HMXvkdKg
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 7742
---

# CRWD Overcoming "SaaS-Quatch:" AI Strategy & Growth Critical for Earnings

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Schwab Network
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zt0HMXvkdKg

## 转录全文

We're back [music] on Morning Trade Live. Crowd Strike will be in focus this afternoon when the cyber security for firm reports earnings after the close. [music] Analysts are expecting adjusted EPS of a dollar 10 cents on revenue of $1.3 billion. Shares are down more than 15% so far in 2026. We're currently trading down 1% at $381 and change. So, let's go inside out on this name Crowdstrike. Joining us now is Steve Kanik who's the US head of software services research at McQuary. &gt;&gt; Steve, you've obviously been very very busy lately with what we've seen in your patch. Um, you know, obviously some of the companies that you cover. I'm just wondering uh what the setup looks like in your mind for Crowd Strike. What are you expecting here? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay, great. Thanks, Sam. Nice to be on your show. Uh, so yeah, we're looking at probably low to mid teens net new ARR growth. That's that's going to be like a key metric and that'll be a real bogey for investors in terms of the overunder here. Um I think revenue growth is going to lag um ARR growth a little bit. The typical revenue beat is is about $15 million or so lately. Um so they're going to need to do probably at least better than that. And then the the other important thing will be the guidance, the initial guidance uh for fiscal 27. And um you know last year the guide bracketed consensus and the stock was down a bit. Um you know with the stock down so much maybe maybe bracketing consensus will be okay. We'll we'll have to see. &gt;&gt; Okay. I see you've still got a $486 price target there. I mean this is trading at 380 bucks and change right now. What gets us there? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. Thanks Sam. You know, I want to I want to u point out we have a neutral rating and uh we last did an update on crop strike in early January inter quarter in peer multiples were much higher then. So um you know I'd say our our our rating is probably more indicative of where we are in the stock than the price target right now because all the peer multiples have come down. Um right &gt;&gt; you know that's that said I think with crowd strike um you know certainly good metrics and a good guide would get us moving here um I think you know people want to understand what's the prospects with this pangia acquisition that they did h how is that doing and they want to they want to hear about progress in next generation sim uh that's going to be real important and cloud security as well um there are you know there's there's AI fears out there and there there's there was a story about like Valvvelene replacing some CrowdStrike functionality and saving, you know, $100,000 or so doing that. I I think that's pretty small potatoes, but but I think, you know, AI capabilities in certain circumstances will force, you know, vendors to just to make sure they're pricing their capabilities in in in line with the value they they add. &gt;&gt; Okay, I get what you're saying. I mean, especially as far as sort of sitting on the fence here with the respect to the peer multiples. I mean you know obviously we have seen u this this multiple compression um you know obviously with respect to the valuations um I'm just wondering what would be the catalyst for some of the cyber security names to see some recovery particularly where with respect to those valuations &gt;&gt; yeah well you know I think that the AI bogeyman um Salesforce calls it the Sasquatch I think it's a great name uh that that's going to stay out there it's it's you know you're not going to be able to dispel the AI fears because they're kind of long-term fears. So, I I think we're probably sitting at, you know, um multiples here that that are going to remain lower than they were 3 months ago. Um but I think as far as, you know, any of the categories in software go, including cyber security, we we need to see continuing momentum out of these names. And, you know, a lot of companies have have added salespeople and are seeing some acceleration here. in terms of like some of the some of the leading indicators like net new AR for example and so that that will be you know just continuing performance on those metrics I think helps helps to stabilize these stocks and and I do think over time there's going to be a realization by the market that um you know just because enterprises could use cloud code to recreate you know their cyber security suite or or automate core workflows they're not going to um the total cost of ownership is not going to be there and they're they're still going to uh find a lot of commercial value in these software vendors with highly resilient models and that certainly applies to the cyber security sector which is especially more relevant when you have to protect your AI stacks and protect your agents and protect the um the the the access that those agents are granted as Crowd Strike does. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's all to do with the proprietary stuff and also that strength of your moat. Uh Steve, really appreciate the setup. Thanks so much for that Steve Kanik there who's the US head of software and services research mccquory appreciate it let's trade this name now with Tom White host of fast market so an example trade for us for crowd strike this morning Tom just talk us through the approach here yeah the bar is actually low in this one uh like a lot of software names but cyber security names have been getting lumped in with this pullback that we've seen partially due to potential AI disruptions now if you look at their growth rate it's been pretty good over the last several quarters for Crowd Strike. The option market pricing in about a plus or minus 6.5% move in either direction about $25 uh either way. So, I looked at a more passive strategy. You can still take a directional bias on a name like this uh without having to be aggressive on it where you need a move. So, uh I went out to the March 6 weekly options that expire in just three days. So, this is going to be an earnings type of example trade here, uh, where I'm going to sell an out-of-the-oney neutral to bullish put vertical here to take that directionally bias, uh, uh, outlook to the upside, right? But you could actually be wrong and the stock can go down, you can still be potentially profitable on this type of strategy, taking advantage of that higher implied volatility in the March 6 weekly, sell the 355 strike put and then against it because we want to stay risk defined going into earnings. We want to know what our potential downside is by the 345 strike put. So a short $10 wide neutral to bullish put vertical. You're going to collect roughly about a 230 credit on it. That credit you collect is what you can make $230 with about 770 bucks in risk on this trade. But that's all the way below the break even of uh 35270 to the downside. So you've got about a 70% 7% cushion to the downside before you start getting hurt on a trade like this. the probability that that short 355 strike will be out of the money at expiration which is what you want about 72% probability of finishing out of the money. So higher probability of success gives you that uh that uh criteria where hey if the stock goes up stays right here or goes lower but remains above that break even at 35270 you're going to be profitable on this type of trade and we'll see that V collapse also which should contract the price of this uh spread also but a neutral to bullish passive uh trade here. &gt;&gt; Okay, a good look at Crowd Strike. Of course, it's going to be our next test for these cyber security and software names. As you say, it's really been just lumped in with the bunch as far as the SAS apocalypse is concerned. Tom White, thank you so much for the example trade for us this morning.
