---
ticker: CRWD
type: youtube
title: "Watch Jim Cramer's full interview with CrowdStrike CEO George Kurtz"
channel: "CNBC Television"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PbmesheplxI
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 10595
---

# Watch Jim Cramer's full interview with CrowdStrike CEO George Kurtz

## 视频信息
- **频道**: CNBC Television
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PbmesheplxI

## 转录全文

All right. What do we make of the sell-off in the stock of crowd strike? That's the best of breed cyber security play we own for the chapel trust dropped nearly 6% today after reporting a solid quarter last night and one point was down a lot more than that. First first of all you you got to keep in mind that the stock came in hot. Crowd strike had rallied 64% from the April lows through the close last night. It was priced, I say, for perfection. But the quarter wasn't perfect. They delivered inline sales and decent earnings beat, but the revenue guidance for the next quarter was considered to be a little light. We got to find out about that. So, are the sellers overreacting to what seemed like a solid report, or is this just what happens when a stock gets too hot? Let's check in with George Kurts. He's the founder CEO of Crowd Strike to find out more. Mr. Curts, welcome back to Mad Money. Great to be here, Jim. Okay, so George, we do need to do a little bit of explaining because people were confused. there were three downgrades and everybody else raised their price target. So, you kind of feel like there must be some difference of opinion here. Um, can you just tell me how when you did your guidance, which seems to be a bit of a problem, did you see it as being exceeding what you thought or was it really below what you thought? Well, I think when you look at Q1 performance, we came in line with our guidance and part of what we tried to explain is with our CCP program and those are the programs that we created to help our customers get past the outage. Right. Good. Right. Customer care package. Uh and when we we created those not only for customers but also for partners and we created a very robust incentive program for partners which ultimately was an investment and we exceeded our expectations. So, we called that out in Q1 and that was an $11 million deduction from revenue. It's a contra account. You would think it would be an expense, but there the accounting treatment is you actually deduct it from revenue. And then we also uh demonstrated how that flows through the rest of the year. So, um we never had a CCP um program before. So, that was a new line item and we wanted to make sure that people understood what it was. But I think at the end of the day, you got to look at what was the net new ARR and that was 194 million way above street expectations with uh free cash flow of 279 million a record and of course 97% retention rates customers are staying with crowd. I know people need to know this is the annual recurring revenue number. Now George taught me a long time ago that annual recurring revenue is how to grade companies and I thought that your annual recurring revenue was one of the most really one of the best things. But another thing that's that you've taught me remaining performance obligations increased 45%. Again, something that I thought was better than what people were looking for. Yeah. When you look at RPO, that's really going to be a function of Falcon Flex. And this is our innovative licensing model, which allows customers to use all of the Falcon products based upon a commitment. So, they commit, the more they use uh the quicker they use it, the greater opportunity we have. and you could see the contract duration actually increase and on average what we're seeing with Falcon Flex customers is 31 months um specific to those contracts. So you're seeing these these uh performance obligations that are to come and ultimately it's a great indicator for the health of the business. Right. Another indicator that we need, of course, we're coming to annualize a a glitch uh that is not a hack, but a glitch that brought down a lot of a lot of terminals. And I'm anxious to know that when you did your what I guess could be a charm offensive, so to speak, when you visit 130 uh customers, how many of the customers have said, you know what, I love you, George, but I got to I got to go away from you. Oh, not many. I mean you could see that Jim based upon the 97% retention rates you know big customers small customers what we typically hear is you guys handled it the right way you stood behind your product you gave us what we needed uh in terms of changes you learned from it and you move forward and and we see time and time again they say we have the best technology they can't live without it so I think I think we handled it the right way I think customers respect us for that and ultimately we gained greater intimacy with those customers and they're buying more through Falcon Flex. Speaking of buying more, you just you announced a billion dollar buyback. I was quite surprised, frankly. And the reason I was surprised is because the stock is was at its high. Why announce a buyback with a stock at high? Well, it's a great question, Jim. So, we authorized the buyback and we want to be opportunistic uh in being able to buy that back. So, uh depending on how the stock uh trades, of course, you want opportunities to take advantage of that. That doesn't mean that we won't still be acquisitive, but at the end of the day, we've got tremendous cash flow. We want to have a plan in place to take advantage of uh of these opportunities, and at the same time, we're always going to be in the market looking for innovative companies to continue to add to our growth and our innovation. All right. Now we got to go uh for some news that you revealed which is uh you you received uh some correspondence from the justice department which is criminal and the SEC which is civil requested information which criminal justice it means that there could be something wrong with the financials. I'm not talking about anything more than that that I know of but uh you've received additional increase from the government and agencies and third parties regarding the July 19th outage. This is pretty heavy stuff George. Now, I know you can't necessarily talk about any ongoing litigation, but do you think there's the possibility that you may have to issue a restatement of your earnings? Well, Jim, first we stand by the accounting of these transactions. We've said this before. We updated some of our disclosures around it. So, there's really nothing new around that other than some updates. Um, and as I said, when we think about July 19th, you had lots of folks asking questions. They ask questions. We respond to those. But what's most important is we stand by uh the accounting of these transactions. When they ask for these, are you fighting any of the subpoenas or you just said, "Okay, we'll send you everything we have." Yeah. I mean, they ask a question, we answer the question. We we'll tell them what we know. Uh okay. That's how we operate. All right. Look, I think that everybody to not ask George is to not do my job. uh I don't want anything to happen, but it's serious business because I have seen in investigations of numbers and it's not like they say, "Okay, that sounds good." They say, "All right, well, we're going to look at it and then a year from now they come back to you." I mean, it does there is a bit of an overhang here. Obviously, they they're talking right now about what happened July of last year. Well, as you know, I mean, uh the government takes time to work through things, but as I said, Jim, someone asked a question, we're going to cooperate. uh it's an inquiry and uh we'll give them the answers they need and and uh we'll go from there. But like I said, we stand by the the accounting of those transactions. Excellent. Okay. So, uh Chantics, let's just talk about that for a second. You're saying we're on the cusp of the fifth industrial revolution with artificial general intelligence on the horizon. Why do we have to worry about that if we're talking about cyber security? Well, when we think about autonomous agents and Jim, you you've got a lot of other guests that are working on creating these agents and various companies which we all know and we work with. Um, as these uh autonomous agents uh get released, they are like superhumans. They have access to data. They have access to identities. They have access to SAS systems and workflows. And you're going to need to instrument those and protect those just like a human would. You're going to have to give visibility into these agents. You're going to have to protect them. you're going to have to uh be able to uh report compliance around them. And we think it's a massive opportunity for Crowd Strike in the future. We think about the number of humans and computers we protect. AI agents could be in the billions. And we're really going to be at the forefront of being able to protect those because that's what we do today uh both for human and non-human identities. Are there companies in the financial sector that are interested in these and companies that law firms, accounting, because that's where I think that they could have the most costsaving, but they tend to be very conservative and are probably be afraid of what you just said. Well, I think there's not a not a business on the planet that isn't interested in uh AI and ultimately uh saving time and money. I mean if it if you can acrue these benefits to the bottom line ultimately that's a good thing and you can flatten the hiring curve which a lot of businesses are looking at. So of course there's a lot of regulated environments you have to be able to implement these in a safe way. You have to put guard rails around them. You have to create policy so that you know sensitive data can't escape out. You got to make sure that models don't give uh and leak information that that's sensitive to customers etc. So all of that is that fifth fifth revolution, industrial revolution that I talked about and uh it needs protection and it's a massive opportunity for for us and the security market in general. Well, look, I've got to tell you, I thought that uh that it was a good quarter. I think that what you're talking about, the Gentics is a for multiple years. We raised our price target last night uh for the Charle Trust because we couldn't really understand what the hoopla was. But I want to thank George Kur, founder and CEO of Crowd Strike for coming on Mad Thank you, Jim. Great to be here. Absolutely. Uh, Mad Money's back in. Coming up, Kramer takes your calls and the sky's the limit. It's a fast fire lightning round next. Don't miss a second of Mad Money. Follow Jim Kramer on X. Have a question? Tweet Kramer. #madmentions. Send Jim an email to madmoney@cnbc.com or give us a call at 1800743 CNNBC. Miss something? Head to madmoney.cnbc.com.
