---
ticker: CRWD
type: youtube
title: "Crowdstrike co-founder & CEO talks AI and cybersecurity risks"
channel: "Yahoo Finance"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgKP2MW5HIA
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 9890
---

# Crowdstrike co-founder & CEO talks AI and cybersecurity risks

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Yahoo Finance
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgKP2MW5HIA

## 转录全文

Here with me now is CrowdStrike uh CEO and founder George Kurts. George, good to see you. It's been a while. Uh thanks for coming on here. Um boy, every conversation I've had here at this conference over the past day. AI and agents, how are how are agents impacting what you do in cyber security? &gt;&gt; Well, if we think about AI and we believe it's the next industrial revolution, you have to have security. And this is something I've said for a long time is that security parallels the slope of the technology innovation curve. So with all these AI agents essentially what are they? They're superhumans, right? They have access to data. They have access to compute. They have access to workflows and they have access to systems outside the corporate network. All of that needs security. And that's what CrowdStrike does. Not only have we protected humans and their systems for over 14 years, but now protecting all these AI agents and the proliferation of these agents as they cross uh the corporate network as well as external boundaries. So, it's a massive opportunity and certainly they're going to need security and compliance &gt;&gt; opportunity for Crowd Strike, but it has to be almost terrifying for enterprise companies. They've unleashed agents inside their operations. I mean, they're trying to grow their business, but still, wow. I mean, there could be some real risks here. &gt;&gt; I think there's opportunities, but there's real risks. It's almost like uh, you know, giving full access to an intern and letting them run wild, right? You know, most people wouldn't do that, right? So, you got to put guard rails around them. they can be very productive. And really where the industry is going, I think just in general with AI is that the humans will manage a fleet of AI agents doing whatever task they're designed to do. But you're going to have to instrument them, right? If something goes ary, you're going to have to be able to roll it back and figure out what actually happened. So you need visibility and you're going to need data protection because we've seen so many times where these models are giving up information, prompt injection, uh, which will allow the attacker to get information they shouldn't have. Last time we heard from crowd right a couple weeks ago uh report earnings the guidance was in focus the street didn't seem to like it but I'm listening to you now has your business accelerated &gt;&gt; it has accelerated and the thing is uh when you look at the guidance uh which you know was in line what we talked about there's still some impact to partner rebates which we talked about happened uh this year right so the outage &gt;&gt; that's from the outage yeah so essentially what we had to do is we had to compensate partners for some of the pre free products we gave away well that's actually a contra revenue line item. It's just an accounting function. You actually have to deduct it from revenue. So, it's more of a of an artifact of an accounting deduction as a contra item than anything else. You have to look at the net new ARR which reacelerated this quarter 221 record for for Q2. And then our CFO talked about 40% uh acceleration in the back half of the year. That's the most important number. &gt;&gt; Now that these credits have rolled off, are customers staying with Crowdstrike? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. 97% retention. They roll off in the back half of the year. So, I think we've done a good job with that. You know, we've strengthened our customer relationships and uh at the end of the day, people love our technology. They love our platform and we're solving a really hard problem for them, which is stopping the breach. &gt;&gt; Uh you said one thing in your earnings call that frankly scared the hell out of me and I wanted to bring it to light. Um you said uh adversaries are democratizing destruction at Mascal. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Explain that to us. Well, the way we look at adversaries just in a simple way to visualize it is a pyramid. Okay? And the top of the pyramid is the very sophisticated and the bottom of the pyramid is less sophisticated. So top of the pyramid nation state, middle of the pyramid e-crime, bottom of the pyramid is activism, right? So top highly sophisticated, bottom a little less. So when we think about that and we look at AI, AI is minting more adversaries and they can have they can be less sophisticated. I mean think about what happens today. If you take any of the technologies, you can turn anyone who can use PowerPoint into a programmer essentially, right? So if you look at what's happening in the AI world, you're now using AI to create more adversaries with higher level of sophistication that only the top part of that pyramid had. In fact, we've actually identified and found malware that uses any of the number of public GPTs to actually query, figure out what system it's on, figure out what it's doing, and then write scripts to actually go out and pull data back based upon each system it's on. So, each system is unique based upon the results and instructions it gets back from the GPTs. &gt;&gt; What countries are proliferating this type of technology or trying to attack us? &gt;&gt; Well, certainly you have the big ones that are out there. You've got China, you got North Korea, you have Russia, uh, and others that are out there, but there's so many countries that have nation state capabilities that are very, very effective that not only are they gathering information for intelligence purposes, but they're also stealing IP like China is one of the big offenders. &gt;&gt; Is AI then really good for companies? I'm just listening to these risks and I get the benefits, but wow. &gt;&gt; I I think it is because you have to you have to think about AI. So something at Crowdstrike we focused on was using AI for security. When I started the company it was machine learning but that was the basis of the company. Now you have also uh securing AI right so one is AI for security another securing AI. So when we think about how we're leveraging AI, something like Charlotte was up 85% quarter over quarter and that is our technology that essentially allows uh you know sock analyst to have an automated uh you know uh partner if you will right they can do a lot of the alert triage a lot of the heavy lifting of identifying and figuring out like these small little nuances of you know there's an indicator here or there can put that whole picture together and something that might take days of research can be done in an hour can write a report. It has all the latest and greatest intelligence of crowd strikes. So you have to leverage Gen AI to be able to identify and contain these attacks as quickly as possible. &gt;&gt; Can the cyber security stay one step or several steps ahead of these bad actors? &gt;&gt; I think we can and it's really the the power of the data and the power of the crowd. Part of the crowd and the crowd strike is the crowdsourced element of it. And when you look at what we've done with um things like Falcon Complete, which is our managed detection response service or our intelligence group, you know, we're at the forefront of all these attacks. So, and we've we've annotated all these attacks and help identify and prevent these for the last, you know, 10 years in production. Uh and that has really become the Reddit of security data. Think about what powers these LLM kind of like Reddit, right? You need the right information. And so we know the attack pass, we know the trade craft. These have all been identified, curated, and labeled. And this is the basis for Charlotte, and this is why we've got such good efficacy. &gt;&gt; Another theme here on the ground at this conference that I've picked up on is this um the war for top AI talent. It's a thing, and it's becoming even coster to get the talent you need. What has been like battling uh for talent out there? &gt;&gt; It's a battle for sure. when you look at all the top companies and what people are paying and how people are being recruited, it's it's a battle. We've got I think a fantastic um data science team and a lot of times what we found pay is very important of course, right? But it's the mission the mission that we're on, right? I always say we don't have a mission statement. We're on a mission, right? We're it's good versus bad. It's the oldest story of time, right? And we have people that are focused on the mission of of stopping the bad guys and doing harm to our customers. And that that means a lot. &gt;&gt; As someone that has seen a lot of cycles, I mean, you founded CrowdStrike. Is what we're paying or what companies paying for AI talent. Is that indicative of a of an AI bubble like Sam Alman talks about, &gt;&gt; you know, it it can be a bit crazy. I think when you look at any of these cycles, there's there's always, you know, the hype cycle and then sort of the reality and things settle down. So, we're we're probably in the the hype cycle before we get to the trough of dis disillusionment, right? Um, but that being said, there's so much good that's coming out of it. And I think whether you're using it internally to drive efficiencies or whether you're using a fleet of AI agents, uh, that have to be protected, um, you know, there's opportunities and benefits, I think, long-term for the entire industry and the planet. So, it's just getting through like most things, they get hyped up, uh, companies shake out, there's too many of them, and then you get down to the big winners. And I think we'll see that over time. And and real quick, we still welcome in interns. Interns are fine, right? They're okay. &gt;&gt; Interns are fine, but you wouldn't let them run loose in your network with admin access, right? Would you? Fair enough. I just wanted to clear that up. Yeah, we dig interns. Nice. That's kind of what an AI agent is.
