---
ticker: CRWD
type: youtube
title: "$CRWD CrowdStrike Q4 2026 Earnings Conference Call"
channel: "EARNMOAR"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lmy1vdbp5A
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 54109
---

# $CRWD CrowdStrike Q4 2026 Earnings Conference Call

## 视频信息
- **频道**: EARNMOAR
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lmy1vdbp5A

## 转录全文

Hello and welcome to Crowdstrike's fiscal fourth quarter 2026 financial results conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, we will conduct a question and answer session. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the call over to Andy Ninsky, vice president of investor relations and strategic finance. Andy, please go ahead. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Good afternoon and thank you for your participation today. With me on the call are George Kirch, chief executive officer and founder of Crowdstrike, and Bert Podbear, chief financial officer. Before we get started, I would like to note that certain statements made during this conference call that are not historical facts, including those regarding our future plans, objectives, growth, including projections and expected performance, including our outlook for the first quarter and fiscal year 2027, and any assumptions for fiscal periods beyond that. are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements represent our outlook only as of the date of this call. While we believe any forward-looking statements we make are reasonable, actual results could differ materially because the statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. We do not undertake and expressly disclaim any obligation to update or alter our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Further information on these and other factors that could affect the company's financial results is included in the filings we make with the SEC from time to time, including the section titled risk factors in the company's annual and quarterly reports. Additionally, unless otherwise stated, excluding revenue, all financial measures disclosed on this call will be non-GAAP. A discussion of why we use non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation schedule showing GAP versus non-GAAP results is currently available in our earnings release, which may be found on our investor relations website at ir.crowdstrike.com or on our form 8K filed with the SEC today. With that, I will now turn the call over to George. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Andy, and thank you all for joining CrowdStrike's Q4 FY26 earnings call. I couldn't be more pleased with our results. AI is driving elevated demand for the Falcon platform and is a key accelerant for our business. At the same time, AI is weaponizing adversaries to attack with increased speed, sophistication, and precision. We're seeing this play out in real time in the Middle East as emboldened adversaries fuel nation state activity. FY26 was CrowdStrike's best year yet, capped by a blockbuster Q4 where we set new records across the business. Summarizing our results, one all-time record net new ARR of $331 million for the quarter, which grew 47% year-over-year, coming in well ahead of our expectations. For the year, we delivered $1.01 billion in net new ARR, up 25% year-over-year, our first year delivering over $1 billion of net new ARR. two ending ARR of $5.25 billion crossing the $5 billion milestone which accelerated to 24% growth year-over-year. Crowd Strike is the fastest and only Pure Play cyber security software company to achieve this milestone. Three, record free cash flow of $376 million for the quarter or 29% of revenue. And for the year, we delivered record-f free cash flow of $1.24 billion or 26% of revenue. Four, all-time record operating income of $326 million for the quarter or 25% of revenue. This is the third consecutive quarter of record operating income. For the year, we delivered $1.05 05 billion of operating income exceeding the billion dollar operating income milestone for the first time. Five record net new ARR from cloud nextgen identity and nextgen SIM collectively ending ARR for these solutions collectively grew more than 45% year-over-year. Amidst today's AI backdrop, our endpoint business accelerated for the second consecutive quarter. Six dollarbased net retention of 115% and gross retention of 97% showcasing best-in-class durability and stickiness. Which leads to my final point. Seven, we delivered $1.69 $69 billion in ending ARR from accounts that have adopted the Falcon Flex subscription model, growing more than 120% year-over-year, turbocharging our land and expand motion. Our Q4 and FY 2026 execution showcases CrowdStrike's leadership in every theater, every segment, and every route to market. In our third consecutive quarter of net new ARR acceleration, the voice of the market is clear. Crowd Strike is durable, missionritical infrastructure for both securing AI and accelerating global AI adoption. We find ourselves in one of the most defining times in the history of modern technology. AI has gone from dreamworks to reality, now increasingly in production across the enterprise. From CrowdStrike's founding, we've been building AI innovation for cyber security. Yet, the pace of AI innovation is broadly misunderstood. Novel discoveries are often interpreted as the death nails of existing categories. The market is questioning enterprise software's role in an agentic world. It's in moments like these where opportunity is created. In the same way that we anticipated the cloud revolution, we pioneered and built for the agentic revolution. Here's what I see unfolding in the market. We see the AI revolution creating two disperate groups of software companies. Group one, those who are now existentially vulnerable. These are historically nice to have technologies that are productivity features and point products geared to legacy pricing models. Group two, those who will thrive. These are missionritical trusted infrastructure technologies necessary for global continuity with deep IP. These technologies are net data creators producing novel, fresh and proprietary data that doesn't exist elsewhere. Data that is fuel for the agentic business outcomes. In these companies, proprietary data is just one part of the advantage. The other is trusted enterprise architectural superiority which drives stickiness, adoption, and scale. Here's why CrowdStrike is winning and how AI is driving even more competitive success for us. One, our competitive moat is becoming an opportunity ocean. Falcon is a vertically integrated net data creator and third party data aggregator. We generate real-time data that no one else has from customer environments and our worldclass threat intelligence. What Frontier AI labs cannot do, we've been doing for over a decade. Cyber reinforced learning from human feedback or RLHF at scale. Our MDR analysts, threat hunters, and incident responders produce expert labelled data as a byproduct of operations. These labels don't come from internet text. They come from stopping real breaches in real time. Threat graph correlates more than a trillion security events per day across approximately two trillion vertices analyzing 15 plus pabytes of data. Structured queryable security signals at scale no one can replicate. Frontier models can augment security, summarize alerts, draft queries, speed up triage. That's extremely valuable. But stopping breaches requires sensors, real-time telemetry, continuous expert validation and enforcement, a closed loop system, not a text model. As our technology evolves, our data improves. As our data improves, our platform evolves. As our experts validate outcomes, our AI agents get better. This is a flywheel and network effect that no one else has in cyber security at our size and scale. and it's how we stand behind our brand promise of stopping breaches. This dynamic is not cyclical. It is structural. Two, we win because Falcon is purpose-built for securing AI at every layer. The layers of the new AI stack are the attack surface of the future and Falcon can secure all of them. AI must be secured at every level including one GPU foundation partnering with Nvidia, AMD, Intel and others to secure AI at the source. Two, hardware and infrastructure OEMs securing AI factories such as Dell, HPE and Super Micro and novel AI operating systems such as vast data. Three, neoclouds and hyperscalers securing where AI happens in the cloud across AWS, OCI, GCP, Azure, and inference disruptors such as Cororeweave, Nebus, and Caruso. Four, token factories securing the use of frontier model creators like Anthropic, OpenAI, and Google Gemini. and five AI applications and agents securing AI native software and the agentic workforce. Not only do we secure the use of each of these companies products, but we also secure nearly all of the companies themselves. We secure the world's AI future by securing the world's AI leaders. And three, we win because efficacy and precision matter more than ever. In cyber security, you simply cannot have a hallucination. You can't prompt twice. It's first time final. It's the difference between thwarting an adversary or experiencing a breach. Cyber security is a unique paradigm. Success for us and our customer is did we stop a breach. We win because cyber security needs to be faster and more deterministic than ever before. And we uniquely deliver superior outcomes. Our Gentic sock and AI technologies are transforming security. Crowd Strike's AI innovation is setting new adoption standards on the journey to delivering security. AGI Charlotte is our flagship agent and now we have 10 other agents representing specific security skills and roles within security teams. Between Charlotte and our other agents, we can already see the mobilization of security's agentic workforce working handinand with human security professionals. Coming back to Charlotte, our agentic sock workforce built from multiple models, allowing us to optimize from the latest and greatest LLMs. We couple industry innovation with our own AI expertise training and models from security's richest data source, Falcon Adversary Threat and Security Analyst Training Data. We saw Charlotte usage soar more than 6x year-over-year as ARR more than tripled. A thematic win was in a leading cloud software provider in an 8 figureure reflex transaction. The reflex expanded the adoption of NextG SIM and Charlotte. Their 30-day use of Charlotte tells a compelling story. Achieving a 3x faster meanantime to respond. Using the power of our domain specific AI, Charlotte accelerates, streamlines, and democratizes security outcomes. Technology innovation is just one part of our success. Our results are also driven by a go-to market innovation creating the revolutionary Falcon Flex subscription model which we now see mimicked across cyber security. The model transformed our discussions with customers to demand planning based on risk data attack surface and overall platform capabilities. Let me share our Q4 Falcon Flex performance within the now $1.69 69 billion ending ARR cohort of flex account value growing greater than 120% year-over-year. We now have more than 1,600 customers who have adopted Falcon Flex and added more than 350 Flex customers in Q4. That amounts to nearly four new Falcon Flex customers each day of the quarter. The average Flex customers ending ARR is greater than $1 million. The proof of Falcon adoption success is in the reflex. Customers are using what they buy and expanding their Flex commitments. More than 380 Flex accounts have already reflexed, representing more than 23% of the Flex customer base, up from 5% in Q1. The average AR lift after a reflex is 26% happening on average within 7 months. And the platform adoption grows even further from there. We're now tracking the number of customers who are repeat reflexers. Nearly 100 customers have reflex multiple times. The multiple time reflex cohort now represents approximately 6% of total flex customers and over a quarter of all reflex customers. Our multiple time reflexers on average have an ARR lift of an additional 48% from their initial Flex subscription. In summary, Falcon Flex unlocks never seen before adoption for customers. Flex is now how we go to market. A key win includes a major enterprise software player that started with using one module, threat intelligence, and spending low six figures through Falcon Flex. This customer is now using 25 modules and spending 86 million in total Flex contract value with us. Flex is creating its own flywheel. Demand drives use. Use drives more demand. Flex is the stage on which our platform solutions shine. Collectively, our NextG identity cloud and NextG SIM businesses grew more than 45% year-over-year, reaching more than $1.9 billion in ending ARR. Our NextG identity business ended FY26 with more than $520 million of ending AR, growing more than 34% yearonear, a doubledigit acceleration versus two quarters ago. Key drivers include our privilege account security solution which grew more than 170% sequentially. Falcon Shield N grew more than 300% year-over-year, more than 5x since our acquisition of Adaptive Shield as customers protect the rapidly growing Agentic SAS attack surface. Our ability to secure both human and agentic identities wherever they exist is rapidly turning CrowdStrike into our customers identity secure control plane. A key identity win, an iconic department store selecting CrowdStrike over an SMB point product and a 7 figure deal driven by the ease of use of our ITDR and PAM solutions in a flex consolidation. While our NextG identity business had an excellent quarter, we're most excited for what's ahead. We recently closed the acquisition of Signal AI. This is SGNL, bringing the power of zeroanding privilege for all identities to the Falcon platform. With Signal AI, Crowd Strike is delivering highfidelity contextdriven real-time authorization to the market, enabling our customers to rapidly reduce their identity attack surface, even as they rapidly expand the number of identities within their organization. We're moving access from static point in time to real time and redefining zero trust. Access should be always on, granular, and dynamic. But we're not stopping there. Our recent acquisition of Sarafic turns any browser into a secure enterprise browser without impacting user behavior. The browser has become the front door for AI applications, and Sarafic meets human and nonhuman users where they are and where they're going. Agentic browsers for real-time visibility and protection. Turning to our cloud business where net new ARR growth accelerated for the second consecutive quarter and ending ARR grew more than 35% year-over-year. For the first time, our cloud business exceeded $800 million in ending ARR as our customers look to us to secure the infrastructure powering their AI future. Our unique ability to operate in runtime at scale continues to set us apart from the rest of the market. A key win in our cloud business was with a major enterprise data platform company who deployed Falcon Cloud Security in an 8 figureure total deal value flex. After extensive testing, this account ripped out their existing provider for our runtime protection first approach. Realizing the integrated benefits of CSPM, CIM, CDR, and Overwatch thread hunting, which resulted in a 90% reduction in meantime to detect and respond for their cloud environment. Turning to our nextg sim business where we delivered a record quarter. Our nextg sim business grew over 75% year-over-year delivering ending ARR of more than $585 million. NextG SIM has proven itself a scaled market disruptor where our performance and cost advantages set us apart from legacy competitors. At the same time, our launch of Agentic security workflows is powering the cyber security operating system of the future. With Falcom ONUM, we're enabling our customers to connect data sources quickly and efficiently, resonating with both security and IT teams. A key win in the quarter was with a Fortune 500 retailer, highlighting our strength and momentum in the nextG SIM space. In the seven figureure deal, we replaced the legacy SIM and its attached point product data pipeline. Falcon's fully native data pipeline and an expected 80% faster query performance was a gamecher in helping this customer build out their agentic sock. Rounding out our product portfolio, I want to touch on our endpoint and other AI specific businesses. Amidst the backdrop of accelerating AI proliferation, our endpoint business accelerated for the second consecutive quarter. The endpoint is rapidly becoming the epicenter of AI usage, driven by the growth of technologies ranging from MCP servers to coding tools to localized LLMs. AI is the fastest growing attack surface on the endpoint. As of Q4, our sensors detected more than 1,800 distinct AI applications running on enterprise devices, representing nearly 160 million unique application instances across our customer base. And with the acquisition of Sarafic, we now give our customers even more control over their knowledge workers usage of AI tools. Lastly, I want to touch on our recently launched aid offering. In just a short time, aid has become one of our most in- demand products, growing more than 5x versus last quarter, despite having only been available for a few weeks. AI adoption is moving faster than can be controlled and our AIDR offering gives customers immediate visibility into their employees usage of AI tools including the specific models being used as well as detections into potentially malicious or non-compliant usage. Bringing model scanning, visibility, guardrails, and detections to AI usage positions CrowdStrike as a catalyst for enterprise AI adoption. Concluding the discussion on our platform solutions, seeing is believing, please reference our investor deck, which now includes a link to product demo videos showcasing AI innovation across the Falcon platform. Our partner go to market delivered beyond expectations. This past year we saw growing practices across EY, Accenture, Deote, HCL, Wro, KPMG and Infosys taking shape focused on nextgen SIM migrations. Our MSSP business also continues to grow at a rapid pace. In just over three years, we've gone from a sub $100 million MSSP business to more than $1.3 billion spanning market leading partners like Croll, Pax 8, and Ninja 1. Finally, our hyperscaler leadership continues to differentiate Crowd Strike from every other cyber security player. This past year alone, we did nearly $1.5 billion of total contract value on the AWS marketplace, growing nearly 50% Then a few weeks ago, Satia Nadella and I spoke to Crowdstrike's goto market team together. We are now open for business on the Microsoft marketplace and customers can use their Microsoft Azure consumption commitment dollars on Falcon. This is a watershed moment reflecting a clear evolution of how our companies see each other and how Microsoft and Crowd Strike are working together to make the world a safer place. In summary, we didn't just have a great partner year, we built an ecosystem to win the next decade. Closing my remarks today, I'm proud of the team and our partners for executing a terrific FY26. Here are my key takeaways as I look at the business today and into the future. First, CrowdStrike is an AI adoption accelerator. Our customers are safely and securely using more than 1,800 distinct AI applications on their endpoints, which would not be possible without CrowdStrike. Second, AI use necessitates AI security. Every enterprise deploying AI needs an independent protection layer for visibility, compliance, and enforcement. As AI adoption grows, CrowdStrike becomes even more of a necessity to these organizations. And third, our data moat creates a structural advantage. Delivering cyber security at scale requires more than a prompt. It requires expert label telemetry from our global sensors, MDR analyst, and elite incident responders. It is a structural advantage no LLM provider can replicate. In addition, Aentic cyber security requires inline prevention as well as real-time remediation. Since the founding of Crowd Strike, we created an AI native platform. Enterprises have trusted us to help them safely navigate market transitions like digital transformation and cloud migration. The AI revolution is now upon us and just like prior market transitions, adoption of AI will be secured by CrowdStrike. Thank you for your trust. I'll now turn the call over to Bert Podbear, Crowdstrike CFO. &gt;&gt; Thank you, George, and good afternoon, everyone. As a quick reminder, unless otherwise noted, all numbers except revenue mentioned during my remarks today are non-GAAP. We delivered exceptional fourth quarter results and a record finish to the year, exceeding expectations across all guided metrics driven by continued flex and reflex momentum and strong organic growth across the platform. FY26 was a milestone year for CrowdStrike. For the full fiscal year, ending ARR growth accelerated to 24% and net new ARR accelerated to 25% We delivered this record topline performance while exceeding our profitability and free cash flow targets. Operating income reached a record $1.05 billion or 22% of revenue. And we delivered record free cash flow of $1.24 24 billion or 26% of revenue. The combination of growth, scale, profitability, and cash flow puts CrowdStrike in rare error. The strength of our platform and the significant market opportunity ahead further reinforce our conviction in the path to achieving our future growth milestones of 10 and 20 billion of ending ARR as well as our target profitability model. Our fullear momentum was punctuated by an exceptional fourth quarter. We achieved record net new ARR of 330.7 million, up 47% year-over-year and well ahead of our stated expectations, driving ending ARR to 5.25 billion. Our fourth quarter results showcased the success of our flexled go-to market strategy. Momentum was broad-based across customers of all sizes from enterprise to down market and MSSPs, achieving another record quarter in our corporate business. Customers continue to leverage Falcon to consolidate their security needs and lower their total cost of ownership, resulting in higher retention rates over the prior quarter and strong module adoption rates. As of Q4, 50% of subscription customers are now using six or more modules. 34% are using seven or more and 24% are using eight or more modules. Our gross retention rate remained high at 97% and our dollar-based net retention rate increased to 115% in the quarter. At our more than $5 billion ending ARR scale, these retention rates highlight the durability of our customer relationships and our ability to both retain and expand our customer base. Our strong business momentum and Q1 record pipeline entering FY27, which grew 49% year-over-year, gives us conviction in our ability to deliver profitable growth throughout FY27 and beyond. As we lapse the one-year mark from the end of our highly successful CCP program, we have seen that accounts that took CCP deals have gross and net retention rates higher than the company average have shown a strong trend of early renewal and have already expanded more than twice the total $80 million of ARR value we provided. Moving to the P&amp;L, total revenue exceeded our guidance range and grew 23% over Q4 of last year to reach 1.31 billion. Subscription revenue grew 23% over Q4 of last year to reach $1.24 billion and professional services revenue remains strong at 63.1 million, up 26% year-over-year, driven by the elevated threat environment. The geographic mix of fourth quarter revenue consisted of approximately 66% from the US and 34% from international geographies with both AMA and APAC year-over-year revenue growth accelerating compared to Q3. We saw broad strength across all our major geographic markets with the US, Japan, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa all exceeding expectations. Total Q4 non-GAAP gross margin was a record 79% and Q4 non-GAAP subscription gross margin was a record 81% of revenue primarily as a result of continued cloud optimization. Fourth quarter non-GAAP operating income was a record $325.8 million and non-GAAP operating margin was 25% exceeding our guidance. The outperformance was driven by our strong topline performance, gross margin improvement, and sales execution, underscoring our commitment to durable, profitable growth as we continue to balance strong net new ARR growth and operational excellence. In Q4, we delivered positive gap net income attributable to Crowdstrike of $ 38.7 million. Non-GAAP net income attributable to CrowdStrike was a record $289.1 million or $112 on a diluted per share basis, exceeding our guidance. Moving to cash, our cash and cash equivalents increased to 5.23 billion. We generated record cash flow from operations of $497.9 million and record free cash flow of 376.4 4 million or 29% of revenue. Our FY27 outlook reflects our confidence in the durability of CrowdStrike's growth trajectory, profitability expansion, and cash flow generation. The fundamental tailwinds, platform consolidation, AI proliferation, and flex adoption are continuing to gain momentum. As George mentioned earlier, we see the AI revolution creating two desperate groups of software companies. One, those who are now existentially vulnerable, and two, those who will thrive. Crowd Strike is thriving amid the AI revolution as we not only leverage AI within our entire platform, but our platform helps organizations adopt AI safely and securely. The AI revolution represents a new and generational growth opportunity for Crowdstrike as accelerating AI adoption necessitates security built for this next era of technology. As AI adoption accelerates, combined with our record Q1 pipeline and continued platform consolidation momentum, we have strong conviction to once again raise our FY27 ARR outlook. The outlook we are providing today includes the acquisitions of Signal and Sarafic, both of which closed in February and are expected to contribute a combined 5 to8 million of acquired net new ARR in Q1. We are assuming minimal organic contribution from these acquisitions in the remaining quarters of FY27 as we remain committed to natively integrating their capabilities into the Falcon platform before fully scaling go to market consistent with our proven M&amp;A strategy and brand promise. We expect FY27 net new ARR seasonality to remain unchanged relative to FY26 with approximately 41% in the first half and 59% in the second half. Beginning in Q1, we are changing the sales commission amortization expense period from four to 5 years to reflect our longer customer relationship periods. We expect this change to benefit non-GAAP operating income by 85 to $95 million in FY27 partially offset by additional operating expenses resulting from the integration of our recent acquisition of Signal Sarafhic ONM and Panga of 74 to $80 million. For a detailed breakout of the acquisition impacts to our guidance, please refer to the guidance slides of our Q4 FY26 earnings presentation available at ir.crri.com following our prepared remarks today. Additionally, we remain confident in our previously provided assumptions for FY27 partner rebates to represent approximately 0.8% of total revenue. Moving to interest income. Based on expected market rates and cash outlay from our recent acquisitions, we are assuming interest income of 160 to $170 million for FY27. Moving to cash at the midpoint of our guidance, we expect free cash flow margin to be approximately 33% in Q1 and at least 30% for the full fiscal year. In FY27, we expect the seasonal mix of free cash flow dollars between the first and second half of the fiscal year to be 43% in the first half and 57% in the second half with Q2 remaining our seasonally lowest quarter. We anticipate capital expenditures as a percentage of revenue to be 7 to 8% in FY27 with these investments more weighted to the first half of the year. Finally, as of March 2nd, we repurchased approximately 144,000 shares following our fiscal year end and had approximately $950 million remaining under our current share repurchase authorization. We will remain opportunistic in returning capital to shareholders as we remain focused on capturing the significant growth opportunities ahead of us. For the first quarter of FY27, we expect annual recurring revenue to be in the range of 5502 to 5504 billion, inclusive of the estimated acquired ARR and reflecting a year-over-year growth rate of 24%, translating to net new ARR of 249 to $251 million, reflecting a year-over-year growth rate of 29 to 30%. We expect total revenue to be in the range of 1.360 to 1.364 billion, reflecting a year-over-year growth rate of 23 to 24%. We expect non-GAAP income from operations to be in the range of 308 to $310 million and non-GAAP net income attributable to CrowdStrike to be in the range of 275 to $277 million. We expect diluted non-GAAP net income per share attributable to Crowdstrike to be approximately $16 to $1.7 utilizing a 21.0% tax rate and weighted average share count of approximately 259 million shares on a diluted basis. For the full fiscal year 2027, we expect annual recurring revenue to be in the range of 6.466 466 to 6.516 billion of 23 to 24% and translating to net new ARR of 1.213 to 1.264 billion reflecting a year-over-year growth rate of 20 to 25%. range of 5.868 868 to 5.928 billion, reflecting a growth rate of 22 to 23% over the prior fiscal year. Non-GAAP income from operations is expected to be between 1.422 and 1.462 billion. We expect fiscal 2027 non-GAAP net income attributable to CrowdStrike to be between 1.241 and 1.271 billion utilizing a 21.0% 0% tax rate and approximately 260 million weighted average shares on a diluted basis. We expect non-GAAP net income per share range of $4.78 to $4.90. George and I will now take your questions. &gt;&gt; Thank you. If you would like to ask a question, please click on the raise hand button which can be found on the bar at the bottom of the Zoom window. You may remove yourself from the queue at any time by lowering your hand. When it is your turn, you will hear your name called and receive a message on your screen notifying you that you may unmute yourself. In the interest of time, participants will be limited to one question. Our first question comes from Joe Gallow at Jeffre. Please unmute your line. &gt;&gt; Hey guys, thanks for the question. Really nice results and guide. George, uh, securing AI is a huge market opportunity. would love your thoughts on one when securing AI materializes to ARR meaningfully for you is that a fiscal 27 story and then two you know how much of the new market opportunity goes to pure play cyber vendors in cloud people certainly use the hyperscalers for some of their security needs so just curious how much of that new AI market goes to pure play cyber vendors like yourselves thank you &gt;&gt; yeah thanks Joe um obviously we're still in the early innings but we continue to ramp in protecting AI. I mean, it's happening today uh in terms of ARR growth and uh we're obviously blown away of what we've seen with um Pangia and AIDR. It was up 5x quarter over quarter from when we acquired the company. So, we're really excited about that. The other piece to keep in mind is that not only is it going to drive aid growth, but we're going to see growth in protecting attack services like cloud. We're going to see growth in nextgen SIM. uh we're going to see growth in other areas that all touch AI. So from that standpoint, as I said, early innings, but lots of opportunity for us. And I think with regards to hyperscalers, I'm glad you asked the question because when I started the company in 2011, we pioneered cloud delivered security. And over the years as as cloud was uh maturing, you know, I heard a lot about the hyperscalers actually providing all the security services. Well, that didn't happen. In fact, uh, as you've seen with our results and in our partnership with AWS, as an example, we transact billions through these platforms and they're a great partner and there's a lot more uh, exposure in the cloud. So we see the same thing happening what what I call AI hyperscalers being able to actually partner with um these hyperscalers leveraging AI and their LLMs and also being able to leverage the technology to provide better outcomes within the platform of record for our customers which is Falcon. &gt;&gt; Thanks Joel. Operator next. &gt;&gt; Our next question comes from Rob Owens at Piper Sandler. Please unmute your Great. Thank you uh for taking my question. And George, you talked about the the 10 other agents that you guys have besides Charlotte and some of the traction that uh CrowdStrike seeing with these security agents, but can you provide color on some of the recent acquisitions when we look at Agentic Security more broadly? Um where are customers in their journey and do you see identity as maybe one of the main hurdles for them getting Agentic deployments at scale? Thanks. Yeah, Rob, identity is one of the biggest threat vectors right now that we see. In fact, one of our latest threat reports, um, you know, 80% of the the breaches are non-malwarebased, right? So, a lot of it is around identity. And, um, between the identity stack that we've built over the years, again, we got into identity security in in 2020. We built that out. It's a big business. And now really with the the addition of signal AI, um this is in my mind gamechanging technology to to have zero standing privileges to be able to protect non-human identities and human identities in a much more modern stack than anything else that's out there in the market. It's a perfect fit to CrowdStrike in our platform. You combine that then with something like Sarafic in browser security. So now you're able to protect the front door of really where these attacks happen plus where AI takes place and you add the identity layer to that and again we're providing something that we think is going to be very unique in the industry and of course pangia which is uh our aid product when you look at EDR um in today's market edr is a must compliance mandate and we believe that edr will be a similar opportunity sorry aid will be a similar opportunity to EDR uh in the coming years driven by compliance and the need to accelerate protecting AI. &gt;&gt; Thanks Rob. Operator, next question. &gt;&gt; Our next question comes from Fatima Bulani at city. Please unmute your line. &gt;&gt; Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. Um George, I wanted to direct this to you. Uh had a question about the next generation SIM opportunity. Um there are very uh much percolating fears that the open-ended sock modernization share capture opportunity uh that had you know thus far been pretty open-ended has is perceived to maybe be at more risk from what the frontier labs may or may not be pursuing. So maybe in the context of the opportunity ocean uh commentary in your prepared remarks uh can you help us with a deeper explanation and understanding of what your current nature of relationship partnership and integration is with the frontier labs and the frontier models and how should we uh very critically think about the durability of your moat uh from any potential commoditization from an architecture al or technical or frankly any other relevant contextual standpoint. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yes. Uh great question. So when you look at what we've built and I talked about this in the prepared remarks, we're a net data creator, right? We have telemetry that we create from our agents and from other parts of our platform that is that is unique. We put it into various data stores including NextGen SIM and our threat graph and we're able to understand the threats in real time with real-time prevention. That's vastly different than what the LLM providers and frontier models do. Now certainly uh we leverage the frontier models. We have our own uh small language models. We have our own curated data. So I think we get the best of both worlds. But we're doing this in a platform that is driving consolidation uh that we've got millions and millions of workflows on already and it becomes very very sticky. So from the standpoint of our nextg SIM, you've got to look at the nextG sock opportunity and what we're doing with Charlotte and and the agents that we've created where we're driving meaningful change in the sock. We're uh overall driving down costs and getting better outcomes and we're doing it in a compliant way. To be a a security vendor, you have to have trust. Customers are driven by compliance and we are the epicenter of creating this data. So what we also are open to is having an open model. We have customers that create their own agents that leverage our technologies that leverage our MCP services and this is part of having an open platform which is why our customers love Crowd Shrike. Thanks Tima. Operator next. Our next question comes from Saget Kalia at Barclays. Please unmute your line. &gt;&gt; Okay, great. Hey guys, thanks for taking my question here. Great finish to the year. Um, George, maybe for you, you know, the the cloud security business, I think, is the is the biggest piece of of kind of the that three platform product group, if you will. and it's continued to add a consistent amount of net new AAR dollars over the last few years which has been great to see. Maybe the question is how do you see the competitive environment in cloud security right now and how do you think about the longevity of of the growth in that market as you look out into the future? &gt;&gt; Well, when we look at the cloud market, I I couldn't be prouder of our execution and uh the products that we brought to market. One of the areas that we focused on as you know for a long time is runtime protection and that's the technology that really is focused on stopping breaches and I think customers have realized just by having the ability to understand sort of exposures doesn't mean you're going to stop the breach. So with our CSPM technology with uh a lot of the other technologies that we have acquired uh like Falcon Shield uh it has become an extremely potent uh offering for our customers. And again why is it resonating? One, the technology works. Two, it all works together. And we're able to drive down cost complexity and get a better outcome, which is stopping the breach. It's not just about reporting on uh some exposures. It's about understanding the overall control plane in the cloud and being able to protect it and we're giving the customers what they want and that's the right outcome uh at a much lower cost than the competitors that are out there. So, I think that's why in a nutshell you're seeing uh the results in our cloud business. Thanks, operator. Next question. &gt;&gt; Our next question comes from Brian Essex at JP Morgan. Please unmute your line. &gt;&gt; Great. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the question and congrats on some nice results and and Bert, congrats on the return to uh GAP profitability. Uh really good to see. Um maybe a quick question for you, George, on identity. Um great to see the acceleration there. Could you unpack that business a little bit and help us understand I mean obviously identity was one of the segments that you know was was part of the CCP incentive plans that you guys were pursuing. Um how much of the resurgence in growth there on the identity side um is is uh I guess renewal of CCP or flex deals versus uh net new kind of emerging identity product. It would be great to get a a feel underneath the covers there. Well, it's one of the modules everyone wanted and uh certainly was a a fan favorite uh in the days of CCP. So, you know, we're seeing success uh from that. And as I have mentioned many times, uh once a customer engages with with a module, there's an extremely high percentage that they're they're going to continue to renew that. So, we continue to see that. But I think overall you have to look at the threat landscape and the fact that identity is really one of the you know compromised identity is what really one of the number one drivers of breaches and customers are being uh uh or focused on being able to protect those identities both in the cloud and on on on premise if you will and there's a massive compliance need for something like ITDR. So we're we're getting the benefit from the platform consolidation piece and we're also getting the benefit from having a very mature stack. Now not only can we prevent these sort of breaches with ITDR but you include now Falcon Shield protecting SAS identities uh and then you kind of look at what we've done with you know our PAM offering uh it's been very very well received by our customers. So, I think that's why you're seeing uh our opportunity continue to grow there. And as I said earlier, uh we couldn't be more excited about the signal AI acquisition that uh that we just completed. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Brian. Operator, next question. &gt;&gt; Our next question comes from Brad Zelnik at Deutsche Bank. Please unmute your &gt;&gt; Great. Thanks so much for taking the question. George Bert, congrats on on a really strong finish to the year and impressive AR guidance out of the gate for next year implying 22 and a half% net new growth which is above your prior commentary and now off of even a higher base after such a strong fiscal 26. This obviously stands out in a very good way. Can you talk about the building blocks that get you there and especially how to think about the renewal opportunity that you have visibility to and the expansion opportunity given just how much you can address today versus when many of those customers might have last transacted. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Hey Brad uh you know thanks for your comments and I'll give you an insight into how we thought about you know the guide. I mean first and foremost it starts with the strong moments of not wishing in business. We saw in Q4 broad-based demand from all sizes of businesses alo from all business sizes whether it was enterprise all the way down to MSPs and then that rolled over into Q1 when we talked about uh the record Q1 pipeline which grew 49% year-over-year. Then as George mentioned CrowdStrike is thriving in this AI revolution. uh we are not only leveraging AI within the entire platform but our platform also you know helps organizations use AI securely and that's the key then I think we're still benefiting from the consolidation tailwinds um customers continue to seek the best outcomes you know at the lower uh TCO which we're we're helped to provide and the consolidation really comes from you know the strength of our platform you know you look at cloud nextg identity and nextg you know SIM collect Effectively, we we posted a record net new ARR, resulting in in 1.9 billion in ending IRR up 45% year-over-year. And look at Endpoint, the accelerated for the second straight quarter on the heels of uh AIdriven demand. And then you tag on to that the success that we saw in Flex. Um we added over 350 Flex customers in Q4. The average Flex customer ending ARR that was over a million bucks. Those guys have adopted nearly 10 modules um well over our our company average. And then reflex, you know, we have greater than 380 reflex customers. The average time for a reflex is 7 months. 100 customers reflexed multiple times with the average AR lift post reflex for this cohort uh was 48%. These are really really um you know great numbers for us. And so you combine all those things and other things gave us, you know, the confidence to be able to come out with the guide that, you know, that we came out with for that new ARR for next year. &gt;&gt; Great. Thanks. Uh, next question, please. &gt;&gt; Our next question comes from Matt Hedber at RBC. Please unmute your line. &gt;&gt; Great. Thanks for taking my question, guys. Congrats from me as well. Um, George, I wanted to ask about pricing. Obviously, Flex and Reflex is doing extremely well, but there's obviously a lot of concerns that I think we're all seeing out there about potentially fewer knowledge worker seats in the future uh due to due to AI. The flip side of that is is way more agents. So, I guess two-part question. First, how do you think about agent pricing? And second, you know, how well does Flex position customers for this potential mix shift? And, you know, could consumption become a bigger element to to the growth algorithm? Well, when we look at the overall threat landscape and and how we go to market, obviously we protect endpoints and cloud workloads. You have to look at those in totality, but now we have the opportunity to protect AI agents. And you know, industry stats is that each knowledge worker will have 90 AI agents. So, even if the mix moves around, we have a massive opportunity to protect AI agents. We have a massive opportunity to protect all of these AI cloud workloads. And um you know from what I've seen in different technology shifts we tend to create you know more opportunity uh as technology advances not less opportunity. So that's the way we would view that piece of it. Uh in terms of flex look it it's been a a smashing success. Um there's a reason why so many other companies sort of copied our model or tried to copy it. Uh customers like it. you can see the success and the numbers and uh it just makes it so much easier to to you know help customers very quickly. You look at the acquisitions we did, they were available immediately to customers uh as soon as the deal closed you know andor we went to a GA but we didn't have to go through another procurement cycle. So that's really the model that we're leading with uh going to market this year and um we couldn't be more excited about it and I think the flex results speak for themselves. Thanks, Pat. Operator, next. &gt;&gt; Our next question comes from Roger Boyd at UBS. Please unmute your line. &gt;&gt; Great. Can you hear me? Okay. &gt;&gt; Yep. Go ahead. &gt;&gt; Okay, great. Um, George, I I want to go back to your comments on on why you're best positioned to to benefit from from AI sock. And I I appreciate your comments around your approach of tech plus human expertise and the flag that creates giving you an advantage in terms of operationalizing this technology. I think it's also maybe the lowest friction way for some enterprises to benefit from some of this emerging tech. And I guess with that in mind, what what sort of growth are you seeing with some of the managed service offerings like completing Overwatch relative to the acceleration you're seeing in the overall endpoint business right now? Thanks. Yeah, those those businesses continue to grow extremely well and when you look at why uh it's because we're getting the right outcome that customers need. One of the things that we track is meantime to detection, meantime to remediation. Um we're absolutely best-in-class for customers. Very difficult for them to replicate what we do. Why? Because it's the network effect, right? It's the it's the full view that we see in over 176 countries where we actually have our software operating. So when you're at the tip of the spear in seeing the activity uh through our technology, the tip of the spear in responding to some of the biggest breaches in the world combined with our threat intelligence, you've got the right understanding and the right DNA to create the right technology and outcome for customers. So that's what we continue to see. Obviously, they're leveraging our technology um and we're providing the automation, but there many many customers who don't have the skills or expertise to get the outcomes that we provide, which is stopping the breach, identifying these sort of threats, uh remediating much faster than they ever could, and ultimately giving them the best outcome for a cost that is very hard to replicate and that's why it's been a fantastic success for us. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Roger. Operator next. &gt;&gt; Our next question comes from Gabriella Borgis at Goldman Sachs. Please unmute your line. &gt;&gt; Hey, good afternoon. Thank you, George. I really appreciated your description on what LLMs are not. And as it pertains to the RHLF commentary, I wanted to ask you the opposite question. What do you think the role is of anthropic in cyber security use cases? Whether it's on the coding side or the pentesting side or even the data aggregation side, what role do you think they should have? &gt;&gt; I mean, I guess I'll talk just in general terms for LLM providers and uh they're certainly good at a lot of things. It can help sort through lots of data very quickly. Um and it's something that, you know, the security industry and and most security players are leveraging. You know, in our particular case, we certainly leverage technology like that, but we built our own bespoke models depending on the module and trained in a certain way to with the vertical expertise to get the right outcome. Here's what you have to remember is that what customers want is real time prevention. You have to be in line. You have to be able to get the data in milliseconds and you have to make a decision. That's not the case with an LLM. There's many great things it can do and it's certainly fantastic technology, but it's not stopping any breaches in real time. And that's one of the areas I think um again where we shine. So from my perspective uh we continue to work with them, we continue to partner with them and uh amazing technologies and I think it really is going to be the better together approach um you know as the industry goes forward. Customers want to leverage their own models. You know we leverage uh Neotron with Nvidia. It's it's an unbelievable time to be in tech and you're going to have agents talk to agents and our agents talking to customer agents that are you know inside their network. But at the end of the day as the platform system of record for security this is where you want to be. It is a very sticky place. We create the data we curate the data and again we want to be open and work with any of the models that are out there and we want to want we want to meet our customers uh where they have AI and leverage uh their technologies as well as ours. &gt;&gt; Great. Thanks Gabriella. Operator next qu &gt;&gt; our next question comes from Todd Weller at Stevens. Please unmute your line. Yes, good afternoon. Appreciate the question. Uh George, this is the second quarter of endpoint acceleration. Can you talk about what's driving that? How you think about the durability of the growth acceleration and then related to this? There's been a lot of action in the market recently around browser security. Do you see that as a new category or as an extension of endpoint? Well, when you think about uh endpoint acceleration, it's a simple answer AI. You know, we've talked about it and we're showing it in the results. And I mean, one of the biggest thing you look at, you know, Open Claw comes out, our customers immediately are looking at all of our technologies to be able to identify it, put controls around it, and make sure that they can leverage these technologies in a uh in an efficient and compliant way. So that's where AI meets the the rubber meets the road is at the end point and that's how people consume it. Um so that's where we're seeing it. And then you combine that with browser security. You know that's really the front door now for how people are interacting with AI models and LLMs and you know the the various technologies that are out there as well as how threats get into the environment. So you combine that with our agent and the ability to have protection across any browser not just ask an organization to switch their browser. we can protect any browser that's out there. Uh we tie it into our identity stack and I can tell you the feedback from our customers immed as soon as we made the announcement they were looking at how do we how fast can we get this technology because they know on our platform it's going to be uh additive for them and uh we're excited about the category and the great compan that we acquired. &gt;&gt; Thanks Todd. Operator, next question &gt;&gt; Our next question comes from Dan Ives at Wed Bush. Please unmute your line. Yeah, it's a great great quarter as always. I um so George, I was going to say what when it comes to anthropic and cloud and obviously all the worries out there and you hit it on the Q&amp;A to some extent, can't this also be a huge benefit to you as it just further spreads the word and customers realize essentially what they don't have and you do have especially with the Microsoft partnership at the same time. Thanks. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, Dan, as I as I said in my premier prepared remarks, AI is a tailwind for us. And I I mean, I take a simple approach is do it will we have more AI in the next year or two or five years? And for me, the answer is absolutely yes. And if if that is that AI is being deployed with AI agents, you're going to need protection. You're going to need something like aid. You're going to need identity uh security. You're going to need browser security. you're going to need compliance around this. And that's the way uh we look at it. And again, we leverage the technologies that are out there. Why wouldn't we? Um and we have our own unique IP and and our own models. So, we get the best of both worlds. And there's many things um that, you know, customers are looking for in these workflows and and sort of data curation and knowledge in the security industry that you can't just get from a general LLM model. So, um, you know, I've talked about this before. There's a great opportunity to to work together, and that's really what we're focused on. &gt;&gt; Thank you. This concludes today's question and answer session. &gt;&gt; All right. So, thanks everyone for their time today. We appreciate your continued support and look forward to seeing you at our upcoming events. Thanks so much.
