---
ticker: MELI
type: youtube
title: "MercadoLibre Expands into Pharma and Food"
channel: "Bloomberg Podcasts"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AndnbGxw638
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 7827
---

# MercadoLibre Expands into Pharma and Food

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Bloomberg Podcasts
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AndnbGxw638

## 转录全文

We announced results a couple of months ago for Q2 which shown very strong growth both on our e-commerce platform as well as our fintech business. Number of users growing very nicely at 30% on fintech, 25% year-on-year growth on commerce. Uh performing very very well in all of the markets where we operate. We continue to increase financial inclusion. Uh but then when we look at you know ahead, we see plenty of growth in the future, right? The penetration of e-commerce in Latin America continues to be relatively low compared to to the US or or Asia is at mid 10%. Financial inclusion is very very low and we're also making significant progress on bringing people to our to our ecosystem. So we are very excited not only with the results that we deliver in Q3 but but with the more importantly with the growth that we see ahead of us. I will say normally. So Martin I know normally um you're in Monte Vidio but right now you're in San Francisco just to correct myself. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well tell us a little bit Martin about why you are in San Francisco. &gt;&gt; We are attending the Goldman Sachs technology company conference I'm sorry. Uh so we're visiting with investors and and analysts and again talking about the results and the future of the company. &gt;&gt; And to that point I mean this so this is a technology conference. How are investors globally thinking about the Latin American tech scene? What is the what are some of the conversations that you're having on the ground there? &gt;&gt; Yeah, obviously they're looking at growth. Uh the opportunity that we have on on fintech, the new launches that we have done recently on the fintech side. We announced the the launching of the new credit card in Argentina. We are doubling our credit book year on year and this quarter. We are doubling the number of the amount of the the funds investing on our platform. Uh on the commerce side, we are at record levels in terms of growth. We continue to increase market shares on all of the markets where we operate. We're increasing our free shipping offering. So, a lot of new things happening on our ecosystem and and those are the type of things that we're discussing with investors. Punam Goyle, our uh Bloomberg intelligence analyst who um watches your business wants to know about the acquisition of Global Brazilian drugstore and how we should interpret that acquisition, what you're going to do with it, what's your strategy? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think if when you look at the the pharma category, it's a far it's a category that is very low with very low penetration of e-commerce, but it's a large category within commerce in general with a lot a lot of frequency of purchase. So we are experimenting not only in Brazil but in each country where we operate. We have a small pilots on pharma. It's a complex segment of a market because it's highly regulated but we think it it generates a big opportunity going forward. So it's not a lot to report right now. We just acquired in Brazil a small pharmacy to start to experiment. It's a very small part of our business but it has a big potential because of the size of the commerce that is done on pharma. Well, talk to us more broadly about how you're thinking about M&amp;A right now. You made this purchase of course at the end of August. Should we expect to see more more purchases from you? &gt;&gt; No, we historically have been, you know, very very you know, we have performed very few acquisitions for the most part. We like to build what we do and we have done so. You know, we have built our full fulfillment infrastructure on our own instead of acquiring. We have built our fintech solutions throughout the years on our own. We have 18,000 developers that are focusing on building the product at Marcal Li Marcado Pago. So I would say that for the most part we're not an acquisitive company. What about the uh the pharma side of the business? I mean do you see a lot of growth there? It's something that Amazon has recently gone into here. um are how how many of your customers are getting their drugs from you now or online now compared to what you expect in say 5 years. &gt;&gt; I think it's if you look at the far pharmacy as percentage of sales at Mera Libra is negligible. It's almost non-existent today. So it's more of an opportunity going forward than a reality today. As I mentioned we operate in 18 different countries. Each country has a different uh regulation for pharma. So I think it's more of an opportunity than a reality today. But like like pharma there are many different bets that we're doing throughout the operation that you know supermarket one we're experimenting with food delivery that are small today but represent large opportunities going forward. &gt;&gt; By the way Martin can you watch um what Amazon does and you know do you have time to watch them wait and see how it works out for them and then do it yourself or do you like to make your own innovative moves make moves at the same time? How does that work? I think obviously we observe when we analyze everything around the world obviously the US but a lot what's happening in China and we try to bring those things to to Latin America but those require adaptation right I mean in the early days when we started Marcado Lira 25 years ago we used to be very similar to eBay but we rapidly realized that you know we needed to adjust the model and we we we move away from that the auction model for instance then we build our infrastructure in you know in the same way as as Amazon has it in the US our fintech solution looks a lot more what the Chinese have in in China because of financial inclusion that we needed to make so I think we do observe a lot what's happening in the world but then we need to customize it to Latin America which has a different very different environment &gt;&gt; well it feels like Amazon is the elephant in every room just about and on the topic of Amazon they recently bought a stake in a Latin American delivery startup Rappy I believe it's pronounced uh it's a Colombian delivery company. What does this potentially mean for you? What did you make of that news? &gt;&gt; I think we've been competing with Amazon for many years in Brazil and obviously more intensely in in in Mexico and and again as I mentioned before we have built our logistic infrastructure and our payment infrastructure to compete with Amazon with the Asian players and we will continue to to compete with them based on the strength of our ecosystem. Um so again doesn't change the trajectory of our investments or our strategy. Um you know not not much to report on that front. &gt;&gt; What what's your investment strategy in terms of AI or data centers? Are you pouring um you know like all of the mega cap tech companies over here billions of dollars into that? &gt;&gt; No we're not I think we the regarding AI I would break it down in three. There are certain initiatives that are helping us with cost savings. There are certain ones that are consumerf facing and are helping us to push growth and improve the user experience and conversion and then there are certain ones that that speak more about the you know agent agentic AI the way we interact with our users. I would say that we're making a lot of progress in terms of cost savings in many different areas of the of the business in particular and coding you know the 18,000 developers that we have are embracing AI and becoming more productive uh also consumerf facing a lot of ways that the users interact with our platform are improving because of AI and then on the agentic AI we're you know experimenting a lot I think in that front we have more questions than answered yet but we have a large team of people who are looking at ways we can improve the user experience via developing our own agents.
