---
ticker: MELI
type: youtube
title: "MercadoLibre CEO: Trade war is a 'very big opportunity' for Latin America"
channel: "CNBC Television"
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWlkGCNGjM8
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 10388
---

# MercadoLibre CEO: Trade war is a 'very big opportunity' for Latin America

## 视频信息
- **频道**: CNBC Television
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWlkGCNGjM8

## 转录全文

So the US is going through so much political and policy turmoil right now and markets turmoil. Yes. What do you make of what's happening here? Well, obviously there's a lot of volatility. I think uh you know the there's was a situation where you know US was importing goods from everywhere without any tariffs and it wasn't the same when US wanted to export in in the tech world you know we saw many American companies that were not able to operate in in China and many Chinese companies operating freely in the states so probably you know that wasn't the most fair situation I would say uh but then trying to change that is hard and it creates a lot of pain. So, you know, and volatility. So, I don't know how this is going to end. If you look at the Latin America economies, they seem to be benefiting right now. How do you see that? This is clearly a very big opportunity for Latin America in general. I would say for Mexico in particular, uh, Mexico, you know, has been benefiting the last few years already with near shoring, a lot of American manufacturers moving away from Asia and and from China in particular and moving, you know, closer to the US. I think Mexico has a huge opportunity in particular, Latin America in general. So definitely if Latin America plays its cards well, I think it could benefit from this volatility and this I think this there's going to be a I think a bit of a permanent shift. I don't know how it's going to end but I think the situation where everything was manufactured in China consumed in the US and China by Tibis and in a way finances that I think that dynamic is kind of over. And how do you see Mexico's role in that broader shift particularly? I think Mexico has a population of 110 120 million people. It you know it could be a place where a lot of manufacturing it already has a free trade agreement with the US although it's also being discussed. Uh I think it's going to end up well uh and uh and I think a lot of that manufacturing might end up in Mexico. What about uh agriculture in Brazil for instance, Argentina? I'm hearing that China is buying a lot more iron ore or ore, soy, chicken, beef. Uh instead of buying from the US, they're buying from these other countries. Will there be a broader economic benefit beyond manufacturing Mexico to perhaps China buying more from Latin America? Well, China has been the biggest, you know, purchaser of agricultural products from Brazil and Argentina for a while now. The US really hasn't been uh a factor there in that sense. So, so the US has been more of a competitor. Uh so maybe I don't think that's going to be the primary impact though. Uh but uh but I think China will continue to buy from Latin America as it has been been buying. And what about from a global investment point of view? Your stock is up 30% year-to date. You're often compared to Amazon whose stock is down 15% this year. You're the most valuable company by market cap in all of Latin America. Do you see investors moving slightly away from the US and is that benefiting you or how do you see capital flows right now? Well, uh, it's hard to say. I mean, we've done well the last year. We've done well the last five years. We're up like 3x the last five years. We IPOed in 200 and seven at 18 and right now we're at 2,100. So, so I look at the long term. Uh I think investors uh will continue to invest in America when they see good opportunities and I think the best opportunities are still being created in America. Uh I think we offer a great opportunity for investors to buy one asset that in a way has exposure to all of Latin America and also has exposure to e-commerce and to fintech. So two very interesting spaces. Our fintech business is growing really really fast. Uh and our e-commerce business is growing equally fast on a you know currency neutral basis. We're growing north of 50%. We're growing as fast as we've ever been growing. We're growing at startup rates, although we had $21 billion of revenues last year and we have almost 100,000 employees. So, so we're already a a big company yet we're growing north of 50% yearonear on a currency neutral basis. So, so I think that's an exciting uh proposition for many investors. Do you think it's an advantage that you have that you don't have much or any exposure to the US right now? That's how we've always been and it has its pros and it its cons. You know, Latin America has a lot of growth, a lot of opportunity. Again, it's very volatile and and it's and it's not one place. Latin America is a combination of many different countries with many different politics. And right now, you know, you have in some countries like in Argentina a very pro markets, pro businessfriendly president. Right now, that wasn't the case couple of years ago. Brazil perhaps is you have a more uh re a government that is more in favor of regulation and government control. In the past, it was the opposite. So Latin America has a lot of changes and I think we've been able to show that we can operate in the region very well with the different uh economic regimes and basically because we provide a great service to the end users and what we do is we enable people that were typically left away from being able to buy goods at cheap prices and getting it for free. What we are doing is we're democratizing commerce and fintech services. And every politician likes that because typically the people that were excluded from accessing a loan or being able to pay something digitally or being able to buy something simply because they left they were living, you know, far away now all of a sudden are are being included and that is all all the politicians like that. And people call you the Amazon of Latin America because that's easy for us to understand. But it's really the fintech and the payment side that is fastest growing. Where do you see the the real opportunity there? I think we have opportunities everywhere. Uh but definitely fintech is growing faster for us. You know, at least half of the population has been excluded from accessing credit cards and loans and paying digitally and building their own, you know, uh track record of of credits. And uh and we we've enabled that. We have 100 million active users on our fintech services platform growing very rapidly and that's because uh we we are providing a great service. Our assets under management are growing over 100% yearonear. People are using us more and more as as their main financial as as as their banking you know partner and and we enable people that historically have not had a formal job or a formal income. Maybe they are street vendors or maybe they have a job one month and they don't have the next month. All of a sudden these guys can access a loan. They can have a credit card. Uh they can, you know, grow and grow their business. And so that's what we're doing. And you mentioned that Latin America is politically a volatile place and economically a volatile place. But right now the US is dominated by the debates over tariffs and the debate over inflation. Latin America has a lot of experience in both those things. What lessons do you think the US can learn from the lessons that Latin America has learned about tariffs and about inflation? So I would say historically the US has been a country that has had significantly lower tariffs than any country in Latin America. Any for example Marosul which is a the the trade association between Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay has a start starting tariff of 35%. So and that hasn't worked well for Latin America. Having said that, it doesn't also work well to partner with the US and and putting 35% tariffs to the US and and being export being able to export. So, you know, I think it's tit for tat and goes both ways. I think the lower tariffs are the better for everyone. But tariffs need to work for both countries otherwise it's not sustainable. And I think what we're seeing now is that it when it doesn't work for one country for too many years, it becomes unsustainable and and you need to reshuffle. And that reshuffleling is is painful and and and volatile and creates winners and losers. Often times it's unfair. So yeah, but do you think the US has been treated unfairly by the rest of the world? No, I think US it was a system that was also working for the US in some aspects or for some sectors of the US. Definitely the service sector was benefiting, the manufacturing sector was hurting. uh and I think that at some point in time but I but I think it's fair to say that the US was the country with the lowest tariffs everywhere and and you know became unsustainable. And lastly uh for Argentine uh what do you think of Malay and what he's doing and and especially because we're trying to do something similar with Doge and do you see some similarities? There are some similarities, there are differences because if you look at it on the abstract, MLE is bringing down tariffs and the US is bringing them up, but MLE is bringing them down from a very very high starting point and the US is bringing them up from a very very low starting point. So although it looks contradictory, it's not as contradictory as it looks. Uh I think what MLE is doing is is great for Argentina. I hope it works. It's going to be painful. changes are painful and I hope that people have the patience and the time to to give him uh to see that these changes in the medium and long term really create benefits for for everyone. Great. And then very finally entrepreneurs like yourself when they become successful they often try to diversify outside of Latin America often by investing in the US. Do you think that investors in Latin America are more reluctant to put more money into the dollar, the US dollar or US companies right now? Well, the dollar has been very volatile. Uh I think US companies are amazing. I think a lot of innovation is still coming out of the US and the most exciting companies are still coming out of the US whether it's on AI or in biotech so so or in defense. So I I think you know the and the dollar is is having some volatilities but where will you go you know people maybe are going towards gold. Gold by the way trades in dollar denominated terms but uh yeah maybe going gold and bitcoin are alternative assets that people are looking uh at and that's maybe why their price has gone up quite a bit.
