---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: MELI
title: "Better than Amazon? I ran the numbers on MercadoLibre ($MELI)"
channel: "Dividend Compounders with Cheese"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: 2Z_uZwPe85A
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Z_uZwPe85A
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Better than Amazon? I ran the numbers on MercadoLibre ($MELI)

**Channel**: Dividend Compounders with Cheese  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Z_uZwPe85A

## Transcript

Boys and girls, ladies and gentlemen, we have a stock analysis request from a viewer like you. And this one I'm pretty excited about because it's been on my radar for a while and I did surface level research in the past, but I never had the time to do a dedicated deep dive. But here we are. So, when we talk about the Amazon of China, it's Alibaba. When we talk about the Amazon of Africa, it's Jumia. [snorts] When we talk about the Amazon of South Korea, it's coupon. Talk about the Amazon of Southeast Asia. It is C Limited. And when we talk about the Amazon of Latin America, friends and family, that's Micardo Libre. Micardo Libre was founded in 1999 as a simple auction site kind of like eBay. And since then, it's evolved into becoming an e-commerce conglomerate that operates in 18 different countries in Latin America. And in 2026, it's estimated on the low end that $1 out of every $3 spent online in Latin America is going to go through Micardo Libre. That's absolutely insane. If you take a look at your screen right now, year to date, they're in the green by 3%. Not bad for two weeks. We zoom out one year, 13% into the green, and they're currently trading for about $2,000 a share. I know it's very expensive. We zoom out 10 years, the total return is 2,000%. 20 years, 6,400% into the green. It looks like during the pandemic, every tech associated company reached all-time highs, and they did as well. But unfortunately for Melly, they went on a massive sell-off in 2022, and they reached a low of about $650 a share. But since then, they recovered in a pretty nicely fashion. And this past year, they reached an all-time high. Back in May, they were $2,600 a share. But since then, they've kind of been on a sell-off. So, in this video, we're going to be analyzing Micardo Libre together, coming up with a fair value estimate for the company, and then towards the end of the video, I'll be going over my game plan, what I plan on doing after getting to know the business. If that sounds good with you, let's go ahead and get into it. So first and foremost, how does Micardo Libre make revenue? So the easiest way to understand Micardo Libre is to imagine JP Morgan Chase, Amazon, uh PayPal, and Shopify merging into one company specifically for Latin America. They make their money through every way imaginable when we think about transaction fees, marketplace commissions, digital advertising, and more. But the real secret is how they lock you in to their ecosystem because they have the biggest logistics operation in the region. They also have an Amazon Prime membership called Melly Plus. And the kicker is with Mardo Shops, they even provide the back-end tools for businesses to run their own independent stores online, kind of like Shopify. So, if you're listening carefully, Marta Libre, at the end of the day, by being the biggest retailer, the biggest bank, and the biggest delivery service all at once, dude, Marta Libre, they're not just a company. They're not just an Amazon, dude. They're the operating system for the Latin American economy. And I don't say that lightly because after getting to know them, I do not understand how there's no monopolistic antirust probing into how massive this company is. And when we talk about their economic moat, it's almost impossible to penetrate or cross because while on the other hand, Amazon, dude, they're a global juggernaut. I think they have bigger fish to fry right now, right? They have a lot of problems that they're dealing with. And when you think about it, why would they try to aggressively scale in Latin America when all the hype and big money keeps pumping into anything associated with AI and data centers? So, I think Amazon's hyperfocus on trying to win the cloud battle, not necessarily Latin American. I think that's why Micardo Libre has room to shine. And moving on to the recent developments surrounding Marta Libre. Dude, companies are moving their manufacturing away from China as we talk, as we speak right now, and diversifying their production in countries like Vietnam, India, Indonesia, and more importantly, Latin America, specifically Mexico. So, as an e-commerce platform, they're able to sell their goods and the logistics of selling that stuff without tariffs. That's a huge value ad because in the notsodistant past, I think a lot of companies, they allocated most of their capital towards producing their goods and importing it from China. Now, when you're making most of your stuff in the backyard, it cuts out that cost of shipping it across the world. So, I think as more major companies start shifting their production to Mexico and other parts of Latin America, I think Mardo Libre a huge winner in that migration. And something else that the company is trying to make a huge push towards is implementing robotics in their fulfillment centers. So instead of having manual labor humans sorting and picking and packing their stuff in the warehouses, they're going to have robots doing most of the heavy lifting. Although I'm not too familiar with the context of labor laws in Latin America, but I can't imagine the hourly wages that much. So by replacing human hands with robots, it's almost like, is that truly a value ad? But I think it also might have to do with the fact that with robotics, it could eliminate any human-made errors. So if every 100 packages shipped by a human, you might see one or two boxes with the wrong label or you didn't put enough insulation within the package to protect the item. or as a human, you went ahead and put the wrong flavor into the box, like the customer ordered orange scented dish detergent, but instead you put lemon with a robot. I don't think they'll make any of those mistakes. So, it might be a supply chain optimization kind of a thing rather than trying to save overhead costs associated with SG& i.e. paying their employees. So, now let's talk about the cheese situation. What are the things that you want to take into consideration with Marta Libre? Number one, I have control C plus V Amazon, which is copy and paste Amazon because essentially Mardo Libre, they're doing everything that Amazon is doing except data centers. So, in the beginning of the video when I was talking about their ecosystem, I was not exaggerating. They're in the business of e-commerce, fintech, pharmacy, groceries, entertainment, streaming, restaurants, and more. So, if you are Argentinian or Brazilian or Paraguayan, Mardo Libre is a one-stop shop for every single one of your needs within their ecosystem. And according to the estimates of their total addressable market, it's 2x that of the United States. I think there's about 650 to 700 million inhabitants in Latin America. And the second thing that I want to call out is finance dominance. So according to my homework, the big banks are just absolutely inefficient in Latin America because at the end of the day, the transaction fees, the maintenance fees, and the whole concept of a relationship between the bank and the consumer, it's all wonky. And some banks in Latin America are just outright corrupt. So more and more consumers are choosing and trusting Micardo Libres's finance system instead. Instead of going to a traditional brickandmortar bank or digital bank, they're just putting their money into Micardo Libres's system. And the reason why that's so important is because most of Latin America is still a cashbased system. And according to a market research, about 70% of Latin Americans, they do not have a bank account, but they have a Micardo Libre account. I think that's huge. And the third thing that I want to talk about is in the past 7 to 8 months, Mardo Libre has been going on a sell-off after they reached their all-time high of about 2600. And that's because Micardo Po, which is the finance arm of the business, they're going all in on credit cards and loans right now. So, they're handing out a crap ton of cash or I guess loans to people that have never had a bank account before. So, they might be operating with the mindset of, "Oh, this is free money. I probably don't have to pay it back, even though the fine print says clearly you're going to have to pay interest on top of whatever you just borrowed." And to be honest with you, that's making Wall Street, hedge funds, and big money really sketched out about that whole premise. The fear is that if Latin America's economy hits a wall or hits a speed bump and things start to slow down, I mean, I don't know what's going to happen from the ramifications of the Venezuela situation. Mardo Libre, dude, they're going to be smacked in the knees with a hammer with a crap ton of debt defaults by these consumers that are taking on their credit cards. And alongside with that, Micardo Libre, they also announced the transition of their CEO with Ariel, who was previously in charge with their e-commerce arm of the business. And the big players and big money, they're basically sitting on their hands to see how he handles the situation of being at the helm of being the leader, the top dog in his white castle. By the way, the exact same thing just happened with Dualingo about a week ago. They announced the transition of their CFO. Unfortunately for Dualingo, they also went on a massive sell-off, but they are reporting their earnings very soon. So, I guess we'll see if Dolingo is going to make a bounce back and rebound or if they're going to go further into the red. As a reminder, I'm not joking. If Dualingo does reach $70 a share, I'll jump in. But at 150, 140, 130, nah, dude. There's better opportunities on the market. And by the way, I listen to multiple podcasts and interviews with Ariel because I'm like, "Okay, he's going to be the new CEO. Is this head-on straight?" And he seems like a pretty levelheaded, grounded leader that's focused on the long-term execution of the business rather than short-term profits. So, based on the sentence that I just said, you can tell that Wall Street hates him already. Wall Street, they want to see instant gratification. Can you post bigger exceeding guidance in the next 90 days rather than the road map that they're trying to paint for the next 5 to 10 years in order to establish more of a monopoly? So, I could have the wrong assessment of Ariel, but I think he's going to be a pretty good CEO. So, having said that, let's move right along to calculating an inherent worth for the stock price. What's the fair value based on their own numbers and financials? The first one is the Amos Garp formula. Why is it called Amos? Because I created it. And by the way, this spreadsheet and everything else that you're about to see, it's available up on the Patreon. Or if you want a second opinion on a stock, you can go ahead and give it a go with the Google Forms link that's going to be in the pinned comment. But anyways, the GARP formula stands for growth at a reasonable price. And I created this because sometimes the free cash flow, it's not the best uh financial metric to measure a company's future because they have a lot of capex or they're expanding their operations right now. So they might not be flush in free cash flow. So as a result, I created the GARP formula to do it with their top line instead. So it's predicated upon their revenue growth plus the profitability of the business going forward. So the cheese value per share, how much should Micardo Libre be worth right now? They should be $2,400 and they're roughly two grand. The price that I would pay with a margin of safety baked in. That way I'm not overpaying for the company and I have some upside too reach their intrinsic valuation. It would be roughly $1,800. So about $200 off from what they're currently trading for would be the ideal price to open a position. And the next fair value estimate calculator is another one that I created and it's predicated upon their earnings per share, also known as their profits per share, but also how the market prices them. So their PE ratio. So for Q4, they should be reporting their earnings in the next like three three and a half weeks from now. I'm proposing $1155 based on me reading between the lines of their most recent earnings and the forecast outlined by the analysts that are covering Micardo Libre. So $1155. If that pans out, then for the full year of 2025, their earnings per share should be $39.91. And let's take a pause. Why the heck is their EPS so freaking juicy? Well, that's because friends and family, there's only 51 million shares outstanding. They don't really have that big of a float. To put it into context, so they're copying Amazon, right? Let me just show you how many shares of Amazon there are outstanding. So, right now, I'm on a website called Stock Analysis. If you sign up using my referral link in the description, you'll get a discount on top of whatever promo they've got going on. I'm on the P&L right now. Scroll on down to the shares outstanding diluted because that takes into account the RSUs and stockbased compensation. There's 10.8 billion shares outstanding for Amazon. On the other hand, Mardo Libre only 51 million and that's why their stock price is ridiculously high. Another way of saying on surface level they look expensive but valuation wise maybe not so much. I'm proposing that their PE ratio is going to be around a 50 which is what it is right now. And I'm guessing that Mardo Libre has a little room to fall. However, on the upside, if the market, they're in love with the guidance laid out by Ariel and their bullish trajectory in their future, then I'm thinking their PE ratio could be 55 as well. So, in about 3 to three and a half weeks, that's what I think. I could be absolutely wrong. This is not financial advice. And if that does happen, then Marto Libre could be $2,200. So, if you're thinking about this mathematically, I think the floor not much more room to fall. But the upside roughly $190 $180. So if we continue to play this game and we fast forward to next year, I'm proposing a 54% increase in their bottom line, then their EPS could be $61. Yes, that sounds really freaking high, but remember 51 million shares. And I think as Mardo Libre becomes more established and more mature and starts looking and feeling and behaving more like Amazon rather than this like really hot sexy startup, I think their PE ratio, how the market values them, I think it's going to slowly come down to earth. Having said that, I think their PE in the next year should be roughly 45 to roughly 50. So if that is the case, Maro Libre could trade for about $2,700 to about $3,000. So the upside in about 13 months from now, not bad. About $600 to $1,000 into the green, all else being equal. If Micardo Libre comes down with a scandal, the CEO starts cheating with the head of HR or they go through a diabolical scandal, then of course all this goes right out the window. Okay, so this means business as usual. So, fast forward to 2027, Marta Libre could be 3,400 to 3,800. And in about 3 years from now, I think this is what's important. As long-term value investors, we shouldn't really care about the short-term noise. We want to think more long-term because it takes time for your money to compound, for a business to compound its operations. So in three years, Mardo Libre fair value with a PE ratio of a 30, which is more in line with what Amazon is right now, 3,600 to $4,800 a share. So the upside from 2 grand to $4,800 sounds a lot more pleasing. But on a conservative end, 3,600, so an upside of about $1,600, not bad at all either. So, how does Micardo Libre compare to the past companies that we have analyzed on this YouTube channel? By the way, any one of these companies that you see on your screen right now, we have analyzed and we have talked about on the channel. If the company is all the way to the left, they are certified compounders in the S tier, which means excellence, which means when they poop, a bar of gold just drops right out of their tiny little booty hole. If a company is listed all the way to the right, it's the kagger graveyard. the compound annual growth rate for that company in the next 5 10 to 20 years less than desirable. So when we think about Carter's Baby Close or Chime Finance, they're in the F tier. In the middle is a C, which is the watch list weight list, that doesn't necessarily mean the company is bad. They might have excellent financials just like SLE or Dualingo. It's just that the market, they don't really think too highly of them. So their performance, I think, is going to be very comparable to the S&P 500. So roughly 10 to 14% ker year-over-year. So when it comes to Mardo Libre, I know this might be controversial. I know some of you might click thumbs down, but they're going to go into the F tier. No, dude, I'm just yanking on your nipple. When it comes to Mardo Libre, friends and family, they are going in the certified compounder category into the A tier bucket. right next to Meta, right next to Oshkosh Corporation, and ahead of Salesforce, Adobe United Health and Waste Connections, which are in the B tier bucket. I think Micardo Libre, dude, they're in the A+ tier. I would almost argue they could be in the S tier, but I think what makes me hesitate a lot is their venture into finance and providing loans and credit cards to folks that aren't too familiar with the downsides of having revolving credit and the default on those credits [gasps] kind of scares me. But on the other hand, the reason why I think so highly of them, we're going to be taking a look at their numbers here in a little bit. The numbers is reason number one. The number two, what I like most about them is their freaking economic mode. I am not exaggerating. Their economic mode is allencompassing. Mardo Libre has economies of scale. Their ecosystem is a one-stop shop, network effects, and regional dominance. They are literally a monopoly in Latin America. And I think the best part about Micardo Libre is that they monitor and watch Amazon make mistakes when they try to GTM or implement a new feature or roll out a new whatever. So instead of Micardo Libre making the exact same mistakes, they wait patiently to see what the final product or best practice ends up being and then they just copy and paste that without having to burn the same capital, time or mistakes to learn that lesson. So, I think that's a huge feature of Mardo Libre that people don't talk enough about. They're going line item by line item in the playbook of Amazon and only stealing what actually works. They try not. The reason why they're not copying the data center playbook is because right now there's a crap ton of capex happening and they're watching closely to see if it pays dividends, if it pays off, if the ROI is worth it. I think the next step for Marta Libre is eventually going to be uh data centers. So, what will be my game plan when it comes to Mardo Libre? Well, first off, I think they're really expensive. Listen, I think the cat's out of the bag with this one. If it's trading multiple was closer to like a 25 or a 28, I'd be all over this knowing full well that it's $2,000 a share. But their PE ratio is a 50.6. the forward trading multiples of 41. So I think everybody already knows that Mardo Libre is super high quality because you wouldn't be trading for a premium like this unless your business execution was above average and was excellent. And that seems to be the case with Micardo Libre. Having said that, if we were to look at their price to free cash flow, essentially the price to earnings is their stock price in relation to their bottom line per share. But if we were to do it to the free cash flow per share, let me pull open my ghetto calculator right here. Uh $2,75 a share. By the way, Monday the stock market's closed, so it's going to be a long weekend. Um jump on over to their cash flow statement. We'll be looking at each one of the financial statements and do a deeper dive here in a little bit. So, if we take a look at their free cash flow per share, it's $169. So we're going to divide that by $169.83. So their price to free cash flow ratio is a 12.2. So in other words, if you think about their PE ratio being a 12.2, doesn't that sound a lot more palatable? Then again, you always have to put a little context into numbers. I think the reason why their free cash flow right now, I guess we'll start backwards. I think the reason why their free cash flow has just been exploding in growth over the past three to four years is because of their venture into finance and finance has huge margins because the overhead costs and physical capital required is really low. You're literally making money with money. So, as a result, their free cash flow has been exploding because of that. And it's something to be mindful of. I mean, prior to 2022, their free cash flow was $392 million. And then just look at how it's been growing year-over-year. I think that's absolutely juicy and beautiful. And it's the exact same situation for their free cash flow per share. So, when I think about it in that context of their quote unquote PE ratio, which is how most investors evaluate companies, as being a 12.2, I feel like they're not too expensive. I know that's a scandal. what I just said cuz there's some balding people out here that literally only care about the shares outstanding situation and there's some of you that only care about the PE ratio. But if you look at an alternative, the price to free cash flow ratio, it's not that bad. So, let's do a deeper dive and look into their numbers. The first one I want to take a look at is their P&L. The reason why I'm trying to move on quickly is because I know some of you are balding and you already have a plane ticket booked to Turkey to get a hair transplant. And I don't want to step on toes when I already know it's a sensitive topic. When we take a look at their top line, I mean, guys, this is just disgusting. This is just gross. And I mean that in the cleanest, most heartfelt way possible because to see the top line be growing at a double-digit rate since 2015, guys, there's just no other way to spin it, manipulate it, or twist it, or pull on the left nipple. Dude, this thing is just a compounder. It is beautiful. And if we take a look at the profitability of this company, I think up until 2021, it was very shaky, very volatile, and they were losing cash in an accounting basis in order to keep the lights on. But since uh 2021, see, look at the growth of their bottom line per share. That's why when I made the EPS forecast or the inherent worth earlier, some of you might have been irritated and annoyed that I said the bottom line per share was going to grow by 40 or 50% year-over-year when in fact that's exactly what they're executing. So, I don't think it's out of the norm or possibilities for them to improve their bottom line by at least 40 or 50% year-over-year for the next 3 years. I think it's magnificent. I would even go as far as to say they should implement a dividend. They have enough cash and they're absolutely crushing it. But then again, I think they're also closely monitoring Amazon. They also don't pay a dividend. So, what I'm saying is, you can quote me on this. I think after Amazon announces their first dividend payment, I think Micardo Libre is going to soon follow after that, like maybe three or four months down the road, they're going to be like, "You know what, guys? We're all about returning value to the shareholders. We're going to give you a dividend. Sign me up." So, their P&L overall, I think it looks phenomenal. Jump on over to their balance sheet, cash and cash flow equivalents, pretty flush in cash, and it's the exact trend that I want to see as an investor that their cash is growing up and to the right, $4 billion. Uh, take a look at their total debt situation, 9.9 billion. And for some of you, you might be like, that's too much debt. I don't want to go near this company. But the better way to assess sustainability of the debt on hand is the debt to eBida ratio. We want to see a number of three or less. Uh for Ricardo Libre, it's a 2.3. So it would take them roughly 2 years and 4 months to pay off all the loans on the books using their own core operating profits if all else were to remain the same. Let's jump on back over to the cash flow statement because I think we went over it way too quickly. Their stockbased compensation is growing at a pretty fast rate year-over-year, but it's not too bad, especially in relation in proportion to the free cash flow that they're executing. $33 million of stockbased compensation in the past 12 months. Not in love with it, but it makes sense. Uh the capital expenditures, I mean, this makes sense. This is a very capex heavy company, especially because they're in the business of e-commerce and fulfillment centers, and they have their own vehicles delivering parcel from point A to point B. So, they're literally a UPS. So, the capex is going to be big. But you already know I'm not allergic to debt. I'm not allergic to capital expenditures because I understand that in the world of business sometimes you have to use money and leverage loans in order to grow and boost the potential of the business itself by using money to make money. It makes sense. And if we jump on over to their key performance indicators, every single line item is just increasing at a rate that makes my head spin. It's just absolutely wow. So the fintech revenue 2015 was $258 million. Now it's 11.3 billion. This is in US dollars, by the way. Their credit revenue is going from 246 million in 2020 to 5 billion. Their e-commerce revenue is slightly slowing down because it looks like 2020 to 2022 in a matter of two years. They 2xed and then they 2xed again in a matter of two years. But going from 2024 to 2025, it's only growing by $1 billion. So it looks like e-commerce is going to be slowly taking a hit. But I think that's why they're venturing into finance and they have not yet opened up data centers. I just want to remind you of that. And I think this is kind of interesting when you break down their revenue by geography. 18 different countries in Latin America. I am pleasantly surprised to see that a bulk of their money is made in Brazil, Mexico, and Argentina. I think they are their three core uh business drivers because all the other countries combined is 1.1 billion. But having said that, I'm kind of surprised that Uruguay is not up there. Uh, but whatever. And if we jump on over to the metrics tab to see it broken down even further. As you can see, dude, it's just absolutely insane. Every single category is just growing at a pretty terrifying rate except items sold per unique buyer. It's going from 7.5 to 7.8. So, it looks like the basket per customer not changing too much. But with that said, there is an inverse relationship with e-commerce. It's slowing down slightly, 49%, now it's 30 only 37%. Dude, that's beautiful. And with uh fintech, it's going from 36% and it's growing and now it's 39%. So, when it comes to Marta Libre, I know I said a lot. They're $2,000 a share. But to that, friends and family, I want to say thank goodness that fractional shares is a thing. I could potentially buy 25% of a share for roughly $500. I think Mardo Libre, it kind of reminds me of Amazon before their stock splits because they also used to be roughly $2,000 a share, which I do believe Micardo Libre they're going to do in the near future. I think they are going to do a stock split because they only have 51 million shares. And at $2,000, I don't think it's that accessible to investors. I when I say that, I mean retail and amateur investors. my brokerage platform, it allows fractional shares, but maybe international ones, they don't allow that. So, the good news for me is that I have a long weekend to really contemplate and think about Micardo Libra and whether or not I want to pull the trigger when the markets open back up on Tuesday because I really do like what I am seeing. I'm not joking when I say they're an A+ uh type and caliber of a business operation. I just [snorts] I just feel a little uneasy because as an American, dude, I don't really know too much about South America and the economy and what drives the growth levers in Peru, Bolivia, Argentina, right? So, I'm kind of like, but I think human psychology and basic behavior, I think we need to buy stuff. I think we like to consume stuff. I think we like to have a one-stop shop because it's more convenient for the consumer, but for a business enterprise that makes your economic mode even wider. So, I think on paper it makes sense. It's just I don't really know too much about Latin America. I mean, for the past 11 years, my wife and I, we've been sponsoring this girl from Peru. Now, she's 16 years old. We've been sponsoring her since uh she was in kindergarten. Like, that's the extent of the knowledge that I have about South America. Likewise, I don't know too much about the economy of Nigeria or Zimbabwe, right? So, I'm kind of out of my comfort zone. But at the same time, if I wanted to diversify and pick the single biggest winner in Latin America, I think it's hard to not go with Mardo Libre. I would go with Melly or New Bank, the fintech enterprise from Brazil. I think, [snorts] dude, I'm going to have to sleep on this one and really calculate my price entry because as I take a look at their stock price movement, I don't know if right now is the best time to jump in. I do think there's more room to fall. I think with the geopolitical tensions happening, the Venezuela situation, I personally think Ricardo Libre is going to be unnecessarily sold off. Not because of their own fundamentals or anything like that. It's just going to be based on global trends and stocks just being unfairly punished. And before I get out of here, I wanted to give you guys a situation update. So, I'm a first-time dad. I had a baby daughter born 13 weeks ago. So, yes, now she is 13 weeks old. And the coolest thing that has happened as of recently is she started giggling. It's like the stereotypical textbook example of the, you know, like how a baby giggles and it's like no matter what kind of day that I'm having when she does that, dude. I'm not even going to lie to you. I'm not even trying to act like a macho man, but it melts my heart. I'm like, dude, that's cute as heck. It's like, you know what I'm saying? Like that little giggly. I'm like, bro, it's it's wild. And I just feel so thankful and blessed that she's healthy cuz when she was born, dude, she was so freaking small. I was so scared she wasn't going to make it. She had jaundice. She was a little over 5 lbs. And I was like, "Dude, how is this little thing going to survive?" And um now we're here 3 months later, right? So because we crossed that magic threemon number, the wife's maternity leave, it's ending and she's going to be going back to work soon. And um up until this point, we were tag teaming, right? There was two of us, one baby, so it's a lot more manageable. But in the future, I'm kind of scared. It's going to be up to me to keep her alive during the day. And as a 35year-old, I think I can do it. You know, if I was like a first- time dad at like 22, 20. I already know some of you are looking at this face and you're like, "Wait, you're not 22?" No, dude. I'm closer to 40 than I am to freaking 28. Okay. I don't know. I guess this season of my life right now, it's pretty wild, right? I I couldn't imagine being where I am uh 10 years ago, let alone 5 years ago. I think I think my only hesitation right now, I spend so much of my time analyzing and looking at stocks seven days a week, right? It's my full-time job. That's what I treat it as. So, it gives me market beating returns. As you can see on your screen right now, past one year, 33.9% into the green. The S&P 500 is 18%. I'm not saying that to brag. It's like, dude, if you're spending that much time, you better be beating the market, right? My only hesitation is, will I be able to keep that up? A part of me is like, that's a valid concern, but it's also like, dude, take care of your baby, man. You'll be fine. Even 25% ROI is not the end of the world. But, by the way, speaking of numbers like that, my goal for 2026 is to end the year at 30%. And I feel like at the pace that we're going right now, I'm very heavily concentrated into the military stocks and value stocks in general. And I feel like this is the year where the money is rotating back into those sectors and money right now that's leaving tech and software by huge waves. So I hope I can pull off 30%. If I do, dude, I'm going to be so freaking happy because for the past 7 years, my usual kager is about 20 21%. Last year was roughly what like 25 27%. This year if we could do 30%. Okay, I'm rambling. Join the Patreon if you want to see what transactions I make. Other than that, I hope you enjoy this video. Let me know what you think about Maro Libre and I will talk to you guys really soon. Stay safe.
