---
ticker: MELI
type: youtube
title: "MercadoLibre: Building Latin America's Digital Infrastructure"
channel: "Scottish Mortgage"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BdONL9ahR9k
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 22260
---

# MercadoLibre: Building Latin America's Digital Infrastructure

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Scottish Mortgage
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BdONL9ahR9k

## 转录全文

Hello. For our next session, I want to introduce Ahri, who is president of commerce and as of January next year will become CEO of Micardo Libre, a large and long-standing holding of the trust. Ari, thank you so much for joining us today from Bonazarees. We really appreciate your time as ever. &gt;&gt; Hey Lawrence, how are you? Hi everyone. pleasure to be here with you. &gt;&gt; Maybe for a UK audience, we could just start with um a simple explanation of what Mac Libé does and how people in the region interact with your platform. &gt;&gt; Sure. So, let me let me try to explain who we are and and how how we interact later. But if you take retail sales uh from Marcato Libria as an e-commerce platform, we are probably one of the biggest if not the biggest retailer, not e-commerce but retailer in in Latin America. But we don't think of ourselves as a retailer. If you take our fintech uh business, we are definitely the biggest fintech in in in Latin America, the biggest financial services digital financial services provider in Latang. But we don't consider ourselves a bank either. Uh if you take our logistics arm, we are basically the biggest employer of logistics uh resources across Latin America, but we are not a logistic 3PL either. So we are we think of ourselves as a tech and product company that that is here to change lives of Latin Americans particularly through commerce and financial services. And that means that that we are basically present in in everyday life of of of Latin Americans. So let me put this into examples. I live in Buenosides and a typical routine of somebody in Buenocides would be that that he or she would get their salary in the traditional ways because we are not allowed allowed based on regulations to pay salaries in Marcado Pago. But people will send 100% of their salary to Marcado Pao our fintech uh account and that's because we are remunerating deposits which banks are not and and we can talk about that later and with that money uh they would start investing in different in different products for the first time in their lives. They would wake up in the morning they would go to work and they would pay using our app the bus or or or the subway. They would top up their phones. They would pay for their bills. Uh and and when it's time to go to lunch, they would use our QR code to pay uh for for lunch at the restaurant. Hopefully while having lunch they might serve our e-commerce app and they would buy something for their partner which would be delivered that same day in the afternoon to to their house and and people would would then go and do their groceries either in our Marcado Libé app or in a store and pay with our e-commerce app. Uh they would get their first credit line with uh Marcado Pago. They would go home. they would want to, I don't know, uh, ask for food from a restaurant and they would buy that from Marcado Libé and they would go to bed and hopefully want to see something on the TV and they would open our Marcado Play app and look for streaming uh, content in our own app. So, that's kind of the the the the type of interactions that you have every single day with our ecosystem, which is vast and and trying to solve uh the daily issues in in in the lives of of Latin Americans. Yeah, that that's a pretty important ecosystem with a lot of touch points. Uh you joined Mac in 2017. I think we first met in 2018, but you've had a number of very important roles at the business. Could you just take us through briefly your own journey at the company? &gt;&gt; Sure. It's it's a non-conventional one I I would say. So I was uh leading a business unit in an online travel agency uh before Marie and the Mar CFO gave me a call and he said that he wanted me to join to lead strategy and I basically said no I I that's not something that I think I I I want to do. You've been operating for 15 years with the same management team. What can I add in a strategy roles uh role to you guys? uh you're rock stars and and and he basically convinced me to to have a coffee and then another coffee and then another coffee and and after 10 uh you know coffees and breakfast uh he basically convinced me that it was a good idea to get to to join Marco Libra I got extremely excited with the opportunity with the team that I met and so on. So I I I started my journey here as VP of strategy and corporate development and and and a few other things. And one of the of the first things that I realized uh after I joined from a strategical p perspective that basically we would do well or not depending on two uh strategic moves. A we needed to develop our logistics arm. So at the time we were Marco Libra was basically not touching a single package and every single item sold in our platform was being shipped with Coros to Brazil and Coros from so national post office from Brazil, Argentina and the other countries. Uh so we needed to build our own logistics infrastructure because if not we would just not be able to scale and to compete. And the other priority was was to build our own wallet. So at the time our fintech arm was basically processing payments online for other websites but but we did not have a wallet uh whatsoever and and and I basically spent the next 8 months almost 70% focused on helping the logistics team put together a business plan in order uh to build that network across uh the region. uh and less than a year after I joined Marcos Galperin and Juan Martin de Laserna which is another one of the historical team members of the company said okay you've built a tremendous powerpoint explaining us what we need to do in logistics why don't you pull up your sleeves and and actually do something and help us uh so I quickly moved into logistics with the mandate of of building the the whole logistics uh network for the company at the time we were 60 people that were reporting to me and that was the whole uh logistics team for for Marco Libé. Uh for you to have an idea today we are like 70,000 people it's like I don't know seven month seven years later uh so I had the privilege of of building that from scratch and and and creating that amazingly powerful you know competitive lever that that we have across uh LATAM. I did that for the next four years. Uh and back in 2021, I guess Marcos came back to me once again and he said, "You know what, Stellota, which is a co-founder and at the time was president of commerce is retiring and I want you to take over uh the whole e-commerce ecosystem in including logistics, but also the whole marketplace and and everything related to e-commerce in the company." And I've been doing that for the last four years I guess or or three years and a half. And few months back Marcos came back to me once again and he said you know what now it's me that that that is that is leaving. So I want you to take over the CEO seat. Uh we just decided this with the board and and of course this is this is where I am today. &gt;&gt; Well congratulations on that um appointment. Uh it's it's welld deserved because uh I know when we first met um you were just building out the logistics and that's been one of the key ingredients and enablers of Mac Libé success in the subsequent years. Um and it must be a huge honor um that appointment. I mean Latin America is the most valuable company in Latin America and then that's paired with a company that is still at that scale growing 30 to 40% year on year. But perhaps we could talk about some of the many opportunities that you face and start with e-commerce. Um, the company started with e-commerce 26 years ago, but in many ways it's still early. Um, I think of the UK, you've got 30% of sales are done online. In Latin America, it's less than half that. Um, but I'm also aware that you're not just um benefiting from e-commerce as a trend. You're also shaping it. You're not just capturing the market, but you're creating it. So, could you talk a little about the size of the opportunity that remains and and how you're actually growing your addressable market? Sure. So indeed to your point uh Latin America is like 10 years behind uh the UK in terms of development of of e-commerce, e-commerce penetration and so on. The way we think about it is that it's not only Tailwind. We are the protagonists of of that process. We are building e-commerce in in Latin America and we really think it it depends on us in order to make that happen. structurally structurally speaking we think that Latin America will get to UK standards or even Asian standards of e-commerce penetration. There's no reason why that will not happen in the region and and and that basically means that that we have ample room to continue growing the the the size of our business could be huge in it [clears throat] is huge today but but it could be even bigger uh in in the coming years. And in order to to hold that title of protagonists that that I was just mentioning h we need to continue evolving the value proposition that we have right. So we cannot uh trust in the fact that we are leaders in every single market. We cannot trust in the fact that we have a unique value proposition. We need to continue evolving uh you know strengthening what is the core of what we do. You know selling across categories having the best uh and most reliable logistics network in in the region. the best user experience. But but but we need to to continue, you know, doing more of that, verticalizing, improving logistics even further, innovating in in in product in order to improve the experience while also we we need to continue, you know, putting uh some of our bets in place that might uh generate the extra growth uh in the future. uh cross border was a a bet a few years back and it's uh showing tremendous progress. Uh we launched uh pharma a few years back in in Mexico and we are excited what will come in in that regards. We launch restaurants in Argentina and and that is scaling very very well. Supermarkets uh connecting lat Latin American factories into uh Latin American buyers directly without intermediaries is another one of the bets that that we have in place. So many many things in in our portfolio. Uh but in the end we need to continue finding the levers to foster engagement and to taking advantage of of our ecosystem. Right? We are one of the few, if not the only company uh that has the that huge uh and vast ecosystem that combines uh fintech with commerce and and that's really part of the flywheel that that we've put in place in order to continue growing and with that uh pushing for for e-commerce penetration in retail. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And you've faced no shortage of competition of people that have also wanted to seize this very large prize. You've had local competitors, Magazine, Louisa, America, and you've had Amazon in your markets for a number of years. And the stat that I think's quite profound of how well you've done is even if you just go back four years, Amazon had an 8% share in Brazil. Today, they've expanded that a little bit. They've got to 11%. But over that same time period, you've gone from a 20% market share to a 42% market share. Um, what is it that's enabled you as a company, as an organization to even out compete Amazon at e-commerce in the region? I think on the one hand and and on the on the base of that is is a an amazing value proposition for Latin Americans both merchants and consumers, right? Having uh the widest selection, the most competitive price, uh having our ecosystem in in in payments and and financing and credit uh [clears throat] that really gave us a a boost. Of course, the buildup of our logistics network. So it it might be hard to to understand for somebody coming from the UK or or or even the US, but our logistics infrastructure today is more developed than Amazon's logistics infrastructure. So we are operating probably more efficient. We are definitely faster. We are definitely most more reliable and and that really gave us uh a a boost in terms of of competitive positioning. But if I have to take one step back, I think the fact that we are 100% focused in Latin America that we live or die based on our results in in Latin America that we have deep knowledge of of every single country because people tend to think that Latin America is like one region with one type of standards and Latin America is actually 20 different countries with different cultures with different regulations with different ways to operate and and we very much know how to deal with with that, how to deal with volatility, how to deal with uncertainty and and and and so on. And last but not least, I think Marcado Libé has a unique culture, right? And and that really gave us an advantage to hire, retain, and develop uh the most valuable talent across across the region. And it's probably a combination of everything that I said what what actually gave us uh that edge in terms of competitive positioning. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think people forget just how big in aggregate Latin America is. 650 million people, a 7 trillion dollar economy. If it was a single nation state, it would be the world's third largest economy after the US and China and ahead of Japan. and and and the one thing that I would like to add to that one going back to the opportunity is that last year we had 100 million buyers in Mari out of 650 million people in the population. So to the point on on the opportunities forward it's not only about re e-commerce penetrating retail it's also us penetrating in the population of Latin America. So the opportunity ahead is is very big. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and then what's staggering is that the opportunity you face in financial services has been described to me by um your colleagues as potentially even larger um than the e-commerce in financial services. So and I often describe it to my colleagues as saying that um the opportunity is so great because the traditional financial system in Latin America, the banks are so inefficient that drives your opportunity. Could you talk a little bit about what problems you're trying to solve with financial services on the continent? &gt;&gt; Sure. So I think it's a combination of two or three things. So A banks to your point are inefficient. B the service levels are are actually very very poor. So 15% average NPS in Brazil for for the traditional banks. [snorts] And three they are not serving the population. So they are happy serving a small share of the population that gives uh them uh very big and interesting returns. Right. So our mindset is that we want to be at the center of the financial life of Latin Americans. We want to fight, you know, uh that underserving uh problem. We want to generate financial inclusion through uh digital accounts, investments, credits, insurance, and and and so on. I think we've we've been making tremendous progress in in our product and and experience. Our NPS in the last two years has improved uh between 15 and 20 percentage points in every single country. We are leading in NPS across the region in both uh financial traditional banks and and and fintech and and let me give you a few examples of some of of the products that we've put together which which I think are interesting. A the remunerated account. So if you go back a few years, you would basically leave your money in in a bank in Latin America and they would give you zero interest in in that money. So they will they would keep the the float the return unless you put the money in a time deposit in which case they would give you 60% of the benchmark rate. Uh so back in 2017 when I was u discussing and and strategizing about the the wallet to to the point with which I started we put together a project in which we said why don't we give away our float and we pay our users 100% of the benchmark rate or even more uh in every single country and and and with that we we generate a big disruption in the in the traditional system right so before that in Argentina which was the first country in which we launched you only had 400,000 people in the whole country using investment products time deposits and and others from the total population. Today Marcado Pago only Marcado Pio has 18 million people receiving interests uh in their holdings in in their Marcado Po account every single day. So you would just leave your money in the Merc power account. Your money is available 24/7 every single day of the year. You can use it. No, no, no fixed uh uh you know uh you know period, no lock in nothing. You have your money available but at the same time we are paying you 100% of the benchmark rate uh for just leaving your money and in in in the country. And and by the way the same is happening in Brazil. The same is happening in Mexico. I think we have 20 million account holders in in Brazil today uh using using our account etc. And that's that's a big example of how we have disrupted uh the system right credits is is another uh key element of of our our value proposition. uh we have today in Marcalo Pago 150 million users in total uh 35 million are basically getting their a credit from Marcado Pago uh and and most of them are getting a a credit line for the first time in in their lives right so so that's huge but but still super nent and and we are convinced that the opportunity to generate financial inclusion that we have at hand is amazingly big And we are very much committed to making that happen. &gt;&gt; And and just very briefly, even those huge opportunities in commerce remaining and fintech, is it possible that there is a a third pillar uh emerging in what you're able to do within advertising? But just just very briefly, it' be good to get some insights there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I should have mentioned that uh earlier. So, thanks. Uh I it definitely it's definitely the case. uh we are uh one of the biggest uh retail media uh companies across Latin America. So if you take out Google and and and Meta uh we are the biggest you know digital advertising uh player in in Latin America and the interesting thing is that it's still super small. So advertising revenues as a percentage of our marketplace GMBB is around 2%. Uh in in Marri if you were to take a benchmark on in Amazon in in the US it's probably around seven even more potentially and and again while we are very much obsessed with preserving the customer experience and we don't want to fill out you know the app experience with with placements and and so on. We think the opportunity for us to continue expanding uh the advertising uh world is is huge right and that will happen inside our premises meaning inside our apps both uh e-commerce and eventually fintech but also outside our apps it's happening today in in your TV when you are looking to our streaming platform we call it marcado play or where when you're looking at Disney plus Disney is running Marcado Libre powered advertising engine uh in in their own uh streaming platform and now we have signed other deals with other partners. We've signed deals with Google in order to power some o of their open web uh you know placement. So, so we really think that the unique access to data to consumer data across Latin America gives us an edge in order to be able to build the best audiences for the different brands and and products and through that uh that we can put together a unique value proposition to become a huge advertising platform. &gt;&gt; Yeah, very impressive and fascinating. As as we're running up on time, just a few more minutes left, maybe a final question if you don't mind. Um, next year you'll be leading Latin America's most valuable company, the leading digital platform, um, across the areas we've talked about, retail, finance, advertising. How do you think about the company and your role personally in impacting the lives of the 650 million people across the continent over the next decade? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think I have the privilege of taking over this position in a unique moment of our history. We are in in the best moment of of our 26 years of of life. Uh growing at startup rates while generating uh value, gaining market share across uh every single uh market in in e-commerce, growing triple digits and in in fintech. Uh so every corner in which you look at in in Mara Libre you will feel the same that we are doing amazingly well but that the opportunity forward is is is huge. So that that gives me a an a big big uh privilege of of taking over in this timing and also the fact that Marcos Galpering will will stay as chairman and and will work very close with me is also another privilege, right? So it's not that I'm taking over a complicated company with its founder or CEO going to do some other things or retiring and so on. So, we will uh be able to capture the best of of Marcos uh while also him handing over the the day-to-day leadership of the organization to me. We have a unique team uh probably the best in in Latin America and one of the best uh in in the world. So, really excited. I'm I'm grateful. I'm honored with the opportunity, but excited with with everything that that is coming. I feel energized. I hope to be able uh to you know provide my own style of leadership and value added to an organization that is working tremendously well and and I know my my my team. I know my peers uh uh they know me. So I'm I'm sure we will do great things together. &gt;&gt; Great. Well, I just want to say thank you so much for uh spending the time with us and sharing us those insights and the opportunity. as ever, we're very grateful for the the time that you and your team spend with us helping us understand what you're building in the region. So, thank you so much. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Lawrence. Uh, thank you all. It's been a pleasure, you know, working and being close to you guys for many, many years. And and I hope it will be the case in the future as well. And it's a pleasure to be here. Thanks for hosting me. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; So, M Libé finishes its investor communication with the phrase, "The best is yet to come." And I think Ari's comments today have made that very clear. At Scottish Mortgage, we look forward to observing the company as it continues to transform retail, finance, and advertising on a continental scale. [music]
