---
ticker: MELI
type: youtube
title: "Mercadolibre PLUNGES. Buy The Dip or A Falling Knife?"
channel: "Brian Stoffel"
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHiivZcQhE0
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 21691
---

# Mercadolibre PLUNGES. Buy The Dip or A Falling Knife?

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Brian Stoffel
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHiivZcQhE0

## 转录全文

You would be hardressed to find a company that's been growing above 30% for as long as Marcato Libre has. And the company reported earnings after the market closed last night. And this combination of Amazon and PayPal of Latin America wowed us again. The revenue growth came in at 45% and yet shares are trading down significantly today. Why is that? and what's going on with this company. My name is Brian Stoofl. We'll spend the next couple of minutes trying to figure this out. At the time of this recording before today, this was my number one position. Afterwards, it's dropped all the way down to number three. Want to give a shout out to fiscal.ai for sponsoring today's video. More from them in just a minute. This was Marcato Libresy's fourth quarter of last year's report. The market cap is around $90 billion right now. So, let's start out with the headline numbers. As I said, they were impressive. The top line grew 45% and that beat analyst estimates. But what you're about to see that comes after this is going to explain why we find ourselves where we are. And we'll get to the paragraph in the shareholder letter that really kind of spooked a lot of investors and analysts at least on Wall Street. As you can see, earnings per share actually dropped 13% from the same time last year. And this miss analyst estimates. And when we look at margins, it's not a pretty picture. Gross, operating, and net margins all heading in the wrong direction. So, while you can grow 45% and that's great, the theory, at least the story that would make sense that some could have for this company is that they're giving away too much and they don't have a moat. If you look at free cash flow, that did increase meaningfully. Net income actually took a step back. Uh it is worth pointing out that that free cash flow is adjusted free cash flow. When you got a company like Marcotta Libbury that's expanding its credit portfolio, free cash flow becomes less and less meaningful. The balance sheet is in good shape. Let's go down the income statement and then we'll get to what that paragraph was because I think it will help you understand what's going on. So revenues were up 45% as we said, but the cost of those revenues were up 50%. Again, not a good sign. You don't want to see that happening. Otherwise, you don't have any operating leverage. And that's why gross profit is coded red because it grew slower than revenue did. Same thing happened with operating expenses. Especially if we look at it at this, the sales and marketing had a huge bump. Now that provision for doubtful accounts going up. That's more because the credit portfolio grew by almost 90%. But it's still worth pointing out that that happened. And look at this. Off of 45% revenue growth, we just had 8% growth in operating income. what is going on? Well, this uh this little tidbit from the shareholder letter goes a long way in explaining it. And they said that they are investing at pace across the business, convinced that it will maximize user engagement and sustainable growth at scale. They know that these early stage investments put pressure on income from operations uh income from operations margin over the short term. And they're right. and gross margin too, by the way. And how did that play out? Well, look at this. During this quarter, they lowered the threshold for free shipping, especially in Brazil. Uh they they opened up some uh crossborder uh uh transactions. They set up fulfillment centers both in the United States and in China. They're focused on firstparty goods, which is kind of like for those of you in North America, like when you buy Amazon branded batteries, they're focused on marcado Libre branded things. And the other big one is they are aggressively aggressively pushing their credit card on consumers who are taking it up in leaps and bounds because of that. That put a five to six percentage point pressure on operating margin. So, if if we just go back a couple slides real quick, what I want to show you here is that operating margin fell, but what they're saying is is right here, this 10.1 that we see could have been as high as 16% had it not been for these investments. So, what you have to ask yourself is, is this the sign of a company that's losing its moat or is this the sign of a company that's building its moat? It's important to point out there are two parts to every moat. There is a benefit and there is a barrier. That is something that was really driven home in this excellent book by Hamilton Helmer of Seven Powers. There's a benefit and a barrier. The benefit is when you can extract ex excess margins than your competition and excess market share because you have a moat. That's the benefit. But there's also the barrier. What is it that you have that keeps the competition at bay? What Marcato Libre it I has is they have the fulfillment network on the commerce side and they have the first mover advantage and the the kind of cross-pollination advantage on the fintech side the data advantage on the fintech side as well and they are investing aggressively in that in other words they're focused more on the barrier right now and saying we will get the benefit after the barrier has been built that makes all the sense in the world to me. And this is coming from myself, someone who's held shares of Marcato Libre for over 14 years. What else happened during the quarter? Let's head on over now to fiscal.ai to check this out. Now, this is the best free resource for individual investors on the internet. If you'd like to use it, simply click the top link in the show notes below. So, if we head on over to Fiscal AI, what I've done is I pulled up a whole bunch of things. I've gone to the financials tab here and then to segments and KPIs. So this first thing that I pulled up right that you see here is commerce services revenue and commerce product sales. Now the product sales those are those pretty much those firstparty sales. Um the the services is kind of being able to list things on the Marcato Libre website. Um and it is logistics and fulfillment and things advertising things like that. And so if we look at the growth rates of this, the commerce services actually reacelerated during the quarter. And this is really impressive because it reacelerated off of 21% which is already impressive. Grew at 25% during the quarter. So that's great news for shareholders. And then if we look at the products revenue which is a little bit less important but we know that they are focusing on those firstparty products really impressive here with growth of 70% during the quarter. So as far as those two different types of revenue streams that's impressive. We're going to stay on the ecommerce side. We'll get to the fintech in a minute. We're going to stay on the e-commerce side. And the next thing that I'd like to show you are the number of unique active buyers that go to Marcato Libre's website to buy things. Now, this was already in so impressive. They had 50 million unique active buyers back in the middle of 2023, which is impressive. But what's crazy is that since then, the growth rate of new unique active buyers has been accelerating. Now, it did take a the growth rate did take a step down during the holiday quarter, but that's coming off of this incredible re acceleration. We're looking at 83 million unique active buyers on Marcato Libresy's uh platform, which is 23% higher than where it was at the same time a year earlier. The network effects are clearly there where merchants are incentivized to list goods on Marcato Libre's website because they know they'll be accessed by millions, tens of millions of potential buyers. And that shows up in gross merchandise value, which measures the value of everything that's sold on the marketplace. Now, no doubt that lowering of the threshold for free shipping in Brazil definitely helped power results here. And again, this is impressive. Gross merchandise volume came in at roughly $20 billion, and the growth rate of gross merchandise volume continues to accelerate to 37%. Look, Marcata Libre knows that other companies want in here. There are some Chinese companies, C Limited. There could be Walmart and Amazon wanting to move into some of these geographies and they're saying, "Look, you guys can, but you're going to have to spend a a a fortune to build out a fulfillment center that can match what we do." And consumers are responding in kind, making it almost impossible for those in those those people trying to encroach on that territory to do so profitably. Marcato Libre can weather that storm and take market share in the meantime. The pain is now, the reward is later. But look at this gross merchandise volume growing 37%. Couple other things that I just uh would like to show. The number of items sold uh was accelerating as well. Again, what's going on in Brazil is a big part of that. Um and finally, the commerce take rate. Now, some of the numbers did not get uh flow through to fiscal AI, but what we saw during the quarter is that the commerce take rate, which basically means if you spend $100 buying something on Marcato Libre, what percentage of those things are going to show up, excuse me, as revenue for the company? It was 25% during this quarter, which is a step down from where it's been in the past. But really, in my opinion, the lowering of that threshold for the Brazilian shipping is the main reason for that. So overall the commerce side looks very very healthy. Um one other thing that I just want to go back to is when I was just checking my notes now when we look at the commerce uh services revenue uh and the product sales revenue those numbers that I gave just now were actually for they ended in the September quarter but I do have the numbers that I can share with you for for December. Uh so let me do that real quick. So if we look at the commerce services, this blue one, we can see that it was at about $3.25 billion. It came in uh at $3.76 billion. It was growing 25 sorry it was growing 32% during the quarter. So we talked about how this was 25%, it actually accelerated to 32% growth, which is very impressive. And if we look at the uh products revenue, which came in at 70% growth, it was actually 71% growth. So, just wanted to correct that really quickly. Now, let's head on over to the fintech side of the equation. Now, when we do this, what I'm going to do here is I'm going to pull up first the same type of thing that we did uh with the commerce side. So, what we're looking at here is uh first fintech services revenue. So this is like payment processing. And then we've got the credit portfolio. Now the credit portfolio is really important. It has two parts to it. One part of the credit portfolio is offering short-term loans to merchants and some of their consumers. The other part are those credit cards that they are offering for consumers in the geographies where they function. Again, for whatever reason, this stops uh in the September quarter. So you can see that the services revenue was 1.7 billion. It actually jumped all the way to 1.9 billion during the December quarter. And here's what's really important. The growth rate stayed about the same at 33%. So again, great news there. If we look at the credit revenue uh for the September quarter came in at 1.5 billion. Uh it came in at almost 1.9 billion. 1.9 billion. You see this growth rate has been reacelerating. And guess what? Again, it's not on the screen right here, but it accelerated to 77% during the December quarter. So, I mean, this is why I'm so excited about what's going on because I believe that the shortfall in profitability makes total sense. They see all of this momentum and they understand that they have a wide moat business that can capture this and keep it for the long run. It makes all the sense in the world to forego profits for today for even larger profits tomorrow. The impatient investors are the ones who in my opinion are going to end up paying the biggest price. Now, these numbers are all accurate as of today. 78 million people are monthly active users of Marcado Pago. That growth rate might be slowing, but that's totally acceptable. It's at 28% growth right now. And if we look at total payment volume which is basically just saying what's the total amount of money moving through the system uh it look at this growth from 71 billion to 84 billion during the December quarter and that growth rate again is reacelerating 42% growth in total payment volume. All things taken to together, we can also look at the take rate for finance. And again, this one stops in the September quarter, but I did the calculation and it is holding steady at 4.5%. Which is important because you do see that it's come down, but the main reason it's come down is because credit cards have become more popular. And when that's the case, people pay their credit cards at the end of off at the end of every month, which makes the take rate lower. But that doesn't change the fact that right now if it can flatline at 4.5% and continue growing at 30 or 40% this is a big big business. Now what else happened during the quarter? Uh as I said they have been expanding their their logistics capability which is a key moat that the company has and you can see that same and next day shipments grew 29% over the same time last year. If we look at the number of items sold per unique active buyer, it jumped from 8 to nine basically in just one year. Uh if we look at the monthly active sellers with credit, so this is where we get crossover between Marcato Libre and Marcato Pago, they are using Marcato Credto at an increasing rate. So people on one platform are using the tools on the other platform. But I think the most important thing to realize is with this company becoming uh credit focused is we got to make sure that the quality of that credit portfolio is good. So the first thing we can do is check net interest margin after losses which basically says out of all the cre credit revenues we have and we subtract what we lost for doubtful accounts and thirdparty funding costs what was our profit margin. And what you can see here is is while it is down from 27.6% 6% last year to 23.3% this year. This happened while the credit cards became more popular which brings Nemo down and is not a sign of major danger. In fact, it's a pretty significant thing that we saw it tick up during the most recent quarter. The other part of this that we have to keep our eye on are loans past due. And so what we can see right here is that the number of loans more than 90 days past due has actually ticked down over the last two quarters. While the number of loans that are 15 to 90 days past due has ticked up a little bit over the last couple quarters. Although it is right in line with where it was at the same time last year and some of this variation does make sense given the holiday quarter and some people's purchasing decisions. All that being said, this remains probably the most important thing to watch moving forward. Now, management does not give guidance. They are famous for that. Analysts are expecting 34% revenue growth in the current quarter and 16% growth on the bottom line. I would expect that those growth estimates should be revised upwards for revenue and probably downwards for profitability. As a shareholder myself, what am I going to watch? Well, I just told you the loans pass due is the most important thing because it is a huge growth driver for the company, but can also be the Achilles heel if there are errors made there. Now, it's worth noting nearly all of these that are not backed by hard assets are loans that are made using all of the data that Marcato Libre has gathered on both merchants and consumers over the past two decades. And they have that data set that no one else has. So there is reason to have confidence here. Number two, growth in gross merchandise volume. They are kicking the butt of everyone trying to come in to their territories. Now they're doing that by giving up margins for now, but we want to see that continue to grow. Number three, total payment volume growth. And number four are the take rates. Look, I think without a doubt the moat is widening. It's just that you have to pay for that moat to widen, which is why shares are down today. But the thesis is very much on track. And perhaps one of the most impressive things about this is I actually think that the stock is quite cheap right now. Even though it might carry a price tag of $1,800, that $1800 price tag is interesting because what I pulled up here is the stub from my brokerage account from when I first purchased shares that I still hold. That's right. Back in May of 2012, I purchased a bunch of shares of Marcato Libre for the right bulb price of $76 per share and today trading for $1,700 $1,800 per share. This is a stock I talk about all the time in my investment community, Stock Investing Mentor. Now, Stock Investing Mentor has three parts. 1 hour of live weekly sessions that are recorded at noon Eastern on Thursday, real time access to my real life portfolio with a video explanation of every move that I make in it and 247 access to a private online investing community. If you would like to join Stock Investing Mentor and talk about Marcato Libre with us on there and see what I'm going to do in my own portfolio, click the second link in the show notes below and you'll get 10% off, which is a deal that's good until Friday night at 11:59 p.m. Just had a couple people join on that just yesterday. So, let's talk about Marcato Libresy's valuation. So, there's a bunch of different things we could use. We could look at Marcato Libre and say, okay, it's trading at 47 times trailing earnings. Uh, that's not cheap, but it is quite a bit lower than where it has been over the last couple of years with an average of about 70. We could look at priceto free cash flow and on there it looks ridiculously cheap, trading at nine, eight, nine times trailing free cash flow and the average over the last couple of years is 16. This doesn't tell the whole story either because when you are a credit company, the bigger you grow your loan portfolio, the more the free cash flows will actually be because you get to add back all the money that you're setting aside for doubtful accounts. So that doesn't really mean anything either. Of course, we could look at forward earnings. Currently, the company's trading at about 30 times forward earnings. Remember, it just grew 45%. It's below its long-term average. That looks like a pretty good deal. As you might expect, forward free cash flow less meaningful because of the dynamics I just talked about. And I will say this that the company goes out of their way to give an adjusted free cash flow number, which is kind of like saying if you throw out all the weirdness that comes with us growing our loan book, then what would our free cash flow be? And for the year, it would have come in uh at about $1.5 billion, which gives them a free cash flow margin of about 5%. So what I tried to do is I tried to go and say, well, when it's fully optimized, if you take the commerce segment and give it this free cash flow margin, and you take the the the credit uh book and you give it this free cash flow margin, and if you take advertising and you give it this free cash flow margin, what's a reasonable blended free cash flow margin it might have when it's optimized? And I think it would be about 20%. It could have a 20% fully optimized free cash flow margin. And so we could see how cheap this is if we look here. So, Marcato Libre, okay, if they had a 20% free cash flow margin, that would be about $5.8 billion in free cash flow over the last 12 months. Now, if that were the case, how much would revenue need to grow between now and 10 years from now, uh, per year to justify this stock price? And the fact of the matter is is that the number is just silly, stupid low. I mean, it looks like it's about 3%. Now, obviously, Wall Street then doesn't they don't buy the fact that it could reach 20% free cash flow margins even if we bring this down to a 1% terminal growth rate. We're talking about Marcato Libre only needing to grow about 6%. In my opinion, this is one of the most underappreciated stories in the market. Now, it's worth pointing out that if that loan portfolio goes south, then all bets are off. That's the big risk that you need to be aware of. But the fact of the matter remains that we've got a company that is growing by leaps and bounds. And not only that, but analysts have consistently consistently consistently underestimated how fast Marcado Libre uh can grow. And we can see that by just looking here where it starts out and analysts think that oh in 2024 they'll have 16 billion in revenue and they end with almost 21 billion or in 2025 the year that we just ended being reported oh they'll make 21 billion. Oh sorry it came in at almost 29 billion. I mean the growth here is amazing. the geopolitical risks and the worries about the credit portfolio and these investments that the company is making are are what's really pulling it down. People are worried that the moes are in attack. I think the moes might be under attack, but I think Marcato Libre is defending them exactly as they should be to make it unprofitable for the competition to continually do this. And so that's what I'm doing. So let me know what you thought of Marcato Libresy's earnings and its valuation in the comments section below. And don't forget to hit subscribe to see how the company's doing when they report next in 90 days. Until then, Brian out.
