---
ticker: MELI
type: youtube
title: "Latin American Consumer A Big Opportunity, MercadoLibre CFO"
channel: "Bloomberg Podcasts"
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSwEN5u3zno
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 9334
---

# Latin American Consumer A Big Opportunity, MercadoLibre CFO

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Bloomberg Podcasts
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSwEN5u3zno

## 转录全文

how are you and talk to us a little bit about business. &gt;&gt; Thank you Carol. Thank you for having me. It's a pleasure seeing you again. And as we mentioned yesterday on earnings report, we are very excited about the growth that we are delivering in all of our businesses. You mentioned advertising that has been held by AI growing at 70% year on year. Our our e-commerce business in particular in Brazil and Mexico growing 35% year on year and growing market share. The same thing with Marcado Pago, our fintech platform which is also growing very rapidly in a region where financial inclusion is very very low. So the opportunities ahead are tremendous and the results that we deliver in in Q4 and 2025 puts makes us very very excited despite the fact that we are conscious that we're making investments that put some margin pressure in the short term. &gt;&gt; What you you have a great view of the consumer given where you sell and and what you sell. If you were to characterize consumers differently in different parts of the market, different parts of the world that you sell in, how would you characterize the consumer? I think if you compare the consumer behavior in Latin America relative to more developed countries, I think we're behind in terms of adoption of of e-commerce and this represents an opportunity to us. Commerce penetration of e-commerce is only 15% in Latin America is half the penetration than the US. Also there are some barriers to that payments logistics is more complicated. So we have built our own logistic infrastructure. We build our own payment methods. So we have built a platform that is enabling people to to move online. So I think those are the main difference. At the end of the day we sell everything in Marad and what we're doing is we're trying to move people online and and create the market. &gt;&gt; So your sales did beat fourth quarter expectations. We were just talking about some of the numbers with you. 45% yearon-year increase in net revenue, 8.8 billion driven by customers taking advantage of free shipping perks and credit offerings. I am curious about these momentum drivers whether they continue and I'm really interested about the credit offerings. Does it show um Martin strength of the consumer or a consumer who needs to be buying more on credit? &gt;&gt; Yeah, let me first talk about the the growth opportunity that you mentioned. We deliver 45% year-on-year growth but this is the 28th consecutive quarter in which we deliver more than 30% yearon-year growth in terms of revenue. So growth has been consistent and when we look ahead of us because of the large opportunity that we see in Latin Latin America it will continue to be there and this is the reason why we are investing behind growth and in terms of credits Latin America is a market where is very under very much underdeveloped in terms of penetration of credit. If you look at Mexico for example, fewer than 15% of people have a credit card. So what we're doing is we're bringing products to to them that will include them in the financial system and they also help our ecosystem because when people &gt;&gt; pick up the credit card for the first time, they tend to buy more of so it is very synergistic. But at the end of the day, we're doing so doing financial inclusion and we have the objective of becoming the largest digital bank in Latin America and we're working towards that. Martine, um, you mentioned when we were just a few moments ago the the penetration in Latin America of e-commerce and how it's it's half of what it is here in the United States. So there's a lot of opportunity there's a lot of runway for your company. What's a good way to think about the progression over the next few years? Like how does that increase in one year, three year, five years from now? What's a good goal for investors to have an understanding of? &gt;&gt; I think a couple of way of looking at it. I think the penetration of e-commerce there's no reason why it shouldn't reach the levels of China north of 30%. So that's double the penetration that we have today. Also if you look at the number of buyers we have 120 million buyers in our platform in addition of 600 million. Uh of course we're growing at 26% year on year the number of users but as we continue investing and improving the user experience that should continue to deliver growth. So we see plenty of runway for growth ahead of us in commerce. And the same thing could be said of fintech. &gt;&gt; But but when like if you were to give a timeline for for when that would happen when would different Latin American markets read reach what what China has experienced? &gt;&gt; I think I think it's a matter it's hard to put a timeline. I mean we've seen a lot of acceleration since pandemic in terms of penetration of e-commerce and if we continue trend I think we should be able to get to the levels of where China or the US are today maybe five to seven years but then we should continue to to increase that as well going forward. Hey, one of the things I want to go back to and and I think you touched on this, but it's part of why we're seeing a negative stock reaction, and that is the substantial investments that you guys are making in e-commerce uh in the fintech unit. Uh analysts say that it's necessary. You got to make these investments in order to bring about future growth. So on that, because investors are questioning it certainly in the trade today, Martine, how should we think about the run rate here? Yeah, let me give you an example to make it more tangible what we're doing, right? We lowered our free shipping threshold in Brazil and that was not the first time that we did. We did it several times since 2017 and that's a way to enable more people to come online. You know, shipping cost is one of the main frictions for people to come online. &gt;&gt; So when we did that, we did put pressure on margins in the short term and we are conscious of that. But we have also seen very important metrics in terms of growth. you know, increased number of users. We accelerated items sold from 26% year on year to 46%. H we see more users coming to the platform with more engagement. They tend to buy more things on Mar. So all the metrics are pointing in the right direction and this is the way to go in particular if you consider the relatively early stages of development of e-commerce in Latin America. So we think again when we try to we try to optimize long-term margins as opposed to short-term margins and we're very confident that the investments that we're doing in in commerce in this case right will help to achieve that goal &gt;&gt; but will it'll be a drag on margins for a couple more quarters like do you have a good feel on how that how long that continues to be maybe an issue because obviously investors see it as an issue today. Yeah, of course I have been consistent to the market saying that our main objective is to capture the large opportunity ahead of us and we will not hesitate to invest to capture that opportunity. We have a long chart record of investment with cautious and very you know very prudently uh and we are expecting returns on those investments but in the long term. So if we see more opportunities to invest in one P crossber trade expanding the free shipping offering the credit card we will continue to do so uh because we think it's the right way to go in terms of you know expanding and maintaining a leadership position in both commerce and fintech. &gt;&gt; Well on that marketing expenses uh they rise when you're trying to increase demand. I if if you think about churn or or like if you reach a new customer the the the cost of acquisition of that customer how long does that customer stick around after using the service and how do you make sure that you don't have to keep spending to entice them to come in? &gt;&gt; That's a great question. This particular quarter, the last year actually, we increased the level of investment in advertising. And the cohorts that we incorporated in 2025 perform a lot better than the previous cohorts because they come and they find an ecosystem that works better, that has more free shipping, better financing alternatives, per assortments. So all the metrics that we measure in terms of retention and and engagement of users that come through our advertising investments are improving year-over-year. And that gives us confidence to increase investments like we did in this particular year. &gt;&gt; I don't know if this is a crazy question, but we just want to I want to ask you before we wrap. &gt;&gt; You talked about this. You talked about this earlier on the call today. &gt;&gt; Well, what's been going on in Mexico? Um, and you know, the taking out of the cartel chief and and what I guess you know, we kind of continue to watch this &gt;&gt; disruptions at airports. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Is any of that are you seeing that show up in any way in terms of consumers from Mexico? Well, obviously we are, you know, monitoring the situation very closely to make sure that our employees and our customers and and farmers are safe. Uh given the the recent events, we have not seen any disturbance on on on events, but we're monitoring the situation and close contact with authorities to make sure that we don't get any disruption.
