---
ticker: MELI
type: youtube
title: "Mercado Libre Stock Analysis: Is MELI Still a Buy in 2025?"
channel: "H Invests"
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lXBYf6otOM
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 19906
---

# Mercado Libre Stock Analysis: Is MELI Still a Buy in 2025?

## 视频信息
- **频道**: H Invests
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lXBYf6otOM

## 转录全文

Hello everybody. Today I wanted to give an update on Micardo Libre which is one of my largest holdings and why I still think it is a buy at these levels. So I made my first and only video on Micardo Libre back in November of 2024. Since then, they've done pretty well up until recently, up about 25%, which is in line or slightly below what their revenue growth is right now, but as of time of this recording, they're way back under 2200, and they're only up 16% since I last made the video. Not bad in 11 months, but they're now below the return of the NASDAQ on the same period and slightly above the S&amp;P. So, the investment has gone quite well, but after this most recent drop, it is broadly reflecting what the S&amp;P has done. Obviously, the S&amp;P has been in a pretty bullish trend within that time period. So, it's an interesting company, a really interesting company, but what you'll notice is the revenue growth has been exceptionally fast over a very long period of time. Um, and you can actually see that in the pandemic, this was a massive catalyst for revenue acceleration, right? The pandemic catalyzed online shopping particularly countries in South America where Mardo Libre do their business and they ended up growing very very fast and what we got out of that was sustained revenue growth on or above those prepandemic levels. So they're doing very well. If we break this down into a quarterly basis they grew 33.8% on the last quarter consolidated for both their e-commerce segment Mardo Libre and also their fintech segment Mardo Parago. So very very good and as I said they return 16% but when you're growing so fast obviously this means continuous multiple contraction we can look at it on a price to sales basis and it's kind of funny because you can see that since they crashed after the 2021 just check out the share price real quick right they hit that high in 2021 crashed massively since then the share price has done quite well however because Mardo Libre's growth has been so fast. The price to sales multiple is hugely contracted and even in this range of since late 2022, those multiples remain pretty contracted particularly after this little mini drop of 3.48. But that is despite the shares still being on a very positive trajectory. And this is the point is that every time the shares don't grow roughly that 35% in line with the revenue growth, if the shares don't keep up with that, the price to sales multiple contracts and we as investors get better value. Now, it wouldn't be fair just to go off this price to sales ratio. You can actually see that over the long run, gross margins have been contracting for Micardo Libre, although they've sort of stabilized a little bit. And you know that's for a few things. Obviously Mardo Libre historically were an e-commerce segment right you've got free market and Micardo Pargo the fintech arm they've taken off much more recently. A lot of that is payments processing right and credit which are historically much lower margin which have pulled gross margins down. And also Macardo Libre is doing more to help the customer. So they're becoming a more integrated business with the customer. So they've been branching out to helping the vendors do fulfillment and logistics and things like that and offering services of different ways for customers to pay. Both the ones that are banked on Micardo Pargo and also the ones that are unbanked. And all of that business really helps the top line, really helps to attract new customers, but it's lower margin than being a marketplace. And if you're wondering why Micardo Libre historically had such a high gross margin, that's because contrary to Amazon, Micardo Libre started off as predominantly third-party sales, right? So, it was literally just an intermediary uh pass platform as a service, whereas Amazon started off by selling their own products, which is obviously high volume, low margin, and then gradually doing third-party sales over time, which were higher margin. So, that's why this gross margin figure has trended down. So we cannot use price to sales as the only barometer for valuation. Still if you look at it on a price to gross profit basis and we should do that because Mardo Libre are certainly not optimized for the bottom line and we will get into that uh in a bit. But still if you look at it on a price to gross profit basis they are doing exceptionally well and they're hovering around price to gross profit lows which is incredibly surprising when you take Micardo Libres sustained revenue growth. I mean, if you annualize their latest revenue growth, we're talking in a region of 20 to 25 billion. Do you know how hard it is for a company of that size, of that level of revenue to grow at that rate? And it's interesting actually, if we take the NASDAQ 100 and we filter it by forecasted turnover, you've got Palunteer doing very, very well. Obviously, we all know the story with Palunteer. And then you've got a few companies Nvidia, Micron, and Marvel, which have had I mean Nvidia is a bit different, but Micron and Marvel have had massive revenue boosts recently from the AI infrastructure. Of course, Nvidia has that as well, but Nvidia is a bit more of a sustained or a long-term platform. But the point being is that in fifth place in Manast 100 for revenue growth was is Micardo Libre. Very impressive. And you can see that in order to get into the top 10, you would have to have revenue growth of 24%. So, Micardo Libre is beating that by a wide margin. However, if you look at the market cap to gross profit, as I mentioned, because gross margins have been changing, gross profit is a a good valuation metric for Micardo Libre and also to compare it against other companies with various gross margins. Micardo, Libre are doing exceptionally well and the stock is quite cheap relative to most of these other companies which have had I mean if you look at Micron yes they've got very fast growth forecasted but historically they haven't had that so much. They're trading at 13 times gross profit. You've got Diamond Energy which is again a bit more of an anomaly trading at 8 but most of the other consistent growth names are not trading at these kind of lower ratios. You can also look at forecast price to free cash flow. Macato Libre are doing very very well at just 15. Now it is important to note that because their fintech business has been growing so fast, there has been a bit of a disparity between free cash flow and net income. Now that's not necessarily a bad thing. It's just the nature of their accounting. You'll see if you look at the on the cash flow statement, right? You follow this from net income. You look at it going down. The main thing that we see that actually changes and is a a positive for that free cash flow number or that net cash from operating activities number is this line funds payable to customers. Now that is all of the cash that Mardo Libre is holding in trust for those merchants across the ecosystem. And that number has obviously ballooned. There's a cockroach catching a mosquito. What? And obviously insects seem to be the new theme on this channel. Um obviously that number is reflecting only temporarily cash that is actually coming into the business but Mado Libre can't recognize it as a a normal revenue generating activity or a revenue or money that's for them permanently. So, it's always important to look at the bottom line as well. And I think that's why the market is not really giving Micardo Libre the valuation that I think it deserves is it's kind of playing a similar game to Amazon. As Amazon became more optimized, Amazon share price did really well, but Mardo Libre are certainly doing the Amazon method not to the same extent because they are free cash profitable. They're operating profitable and they're also net profitable. They're doing the nonoptimization method, the same as Amazon. So they're constantly reinvesting and going after new opportunities and that is also a big component as to why their gross margins have been contracted. So for example, Ricardo Libre in their Q2 they announced that they have pushed their free shipping all the way down from 79 Brazilian reels per product to 19 Brazilian reels per product. So obviously on a lot of those items that are like 20 or 30 Brazilian reels, they will probably be making a loss particularly if that's nationwide in Brazil and Brazil has an incredibly challenging geography in order to ship products, right? It's much more expensive to do that than say in a country like the United Kingdom where you have a lot of distribution centers and the country is much more densely populated. So Mardo Libra are doing those kind of things that compress gross margins. But back to my point is you look at this and you say, "Okay, they're net profitable." In the dark blue, we've got revenues, right? And in purple, we've got operating profit and in orange, we've got net profit. And you'll see that the red and the green are the margins of that. And you'll see that in the past couple of years, those margins have kind of stagnated. And I think this is really the reason why Micardo Libre hasn't kept up is Wall Street is very used to seeing that bottom line being optimized. They want to see the EPS number. Micardo Libre sometimes miss on EPS because they're constantly doing things with the new business and everything's changing and also their gross margins are going down which is a function of the business changing. It's very difficult to forecast EPS. Also, Mardo Libre do not issue guidance. So, it's very difficult and sometimes they miss on EPS and sometimes the the market won't like that which is why they fell a little bit short in Q2. However, this is not something that concerns me as a long-term shareholder because, as I said, it's the Amazon method. And of course, I'm using the Amazon analogy because Mardo Libre are the Amazon of South America. And did it hurt Amazon? No. As long as those bets pay off, great. If Mardo Libre was a a tiny public company with only a couple years of data, yeah, maybe it's not so certain. But what I can see is I can see a company that was founded 25 years ago that has consistently made these good bets of constantly reinvesting. Right? It's very easy to just say, "Oh, we're the middleman for e-commerce." But no, they actually have rolled out a fintech arm, a massive fintech arm, which is a now the fastest growing part of their business. They're constantly expanding into new countries and they're doing more and more to solve headaches for both buyers of the platform and vendors alike. And if that means that your gross margin has to take a temporary hit as you constantly reinvest in the business, then so be it. It's not like the market has shunned it off, but I'm just saying that I think it's probably one of the reasons why the market's getting a little bit hesitant and hence we've got that contracting price to sales ratio because simply the market can't keep up with this 35% growth. As I say, if you've got a stock growing revenue 35% and you believe that that price to sales multiple can expand from here, then you're going to have a share price that returns more than 35%. And that's very attractive. And the thing is about Mardo Libre is it's such an established player that you're getting really good upside. And again, this is not financial advice. This is solely my own opinion on Micardo Libre. So, please only use this information in conjunction with your own investment research and make your own decisions. If you're getting 35% revenue growth on the top line or even let's call it 25 to 30%. and you think, "Oh, that price to sales multiple deserves an expansion." Then obviously the shares are going to be returning at least that rate of revenue growth and that is obviously very attractive at a price to sales of three. If Mardo Libre can even achieve 10% margins, which they actually have, then you're looking at pe about 30. And that's very very reasonable for a company with such a dominant stretch of market with such a big TAM that's also growing its revenues this fast and is proving that they can sustain that growth. It just it's quite mindboggling to me that you look at precoid and those price to sales multiples are much higher and the market hasn't actually woken up to now Marta Libre has got two businesses two big businesses. I mean, the fintech business was there, but it was much smaller. And the fact that they're synergized together actually creates a much wider moat because it solves growing headaches for customers, but I would actually say more importantly merchants. You imagine if you're a merchant and you go on to Mardo Libre and it's a one-stop shop and you've got all of those monthly active buyers on Micardo Libre. By the way, they also those monthly active users are growing very, very fast, right? And they can sort out all of your distribution for you. They can sort out all of your payment processing for you. The cockroach is now on my feet. And also they can sort out financial analytics and product analytics and how to optimize that. They can sort out your advertising to get you further up the Mardo Libre page when somebody searches for you. Great. And of course, you've got that network effect there as well of more buyers, more sellers, more sellers, more buyers. And that really helps. Now, if you look at this data as well, because I know that these are competitive markets, right? And I want to credit RB Equity Research for getting these out on Seeking Alpha cuz I I found them very interesting to look at. This is its monthly active users for fintech in different countries and also e-commerce. You can see for pargo in Argentina, Micardo Pargo is leading and also growing faster than any other up to Mardo Pargo is the right axis. So you can actually see how dominant a market share it has in Argentina. When you look at Macardo Pargo in Mexico, yes, it's number two, but it's definitely had the fastest growth of the bunch. New bank is also growing nicely, but Mardo Pargo in light blue doing very well. and Micardo Libre in Brazil. Again, they have not really seized as much as New Bank. Like New Bank have a massive presence in Brazil, but they're actually growing very quickly, very, very quickly. And I've actually the growth looks better than New Bank recently. Um they're obviously taking on the old dog, the legacy Banko Italau or however you pronounce that. And then also for e-commerce, you can see that Micardo Libre, which is the the Portuguese name for free, and also Shopee are pulling away from the rest of the pack. So Mardo Libre has dominant market share in all of those. And let's just take a look at a few key performance indicators from gross merchandise volume, payment volume, unique active buyers. Most of them are growing, you know, if you average all of this out in the range of about 25 to 30%. So these will be forward indicators which show you that yes that revenue growth looks like it can be sustained and also if you take a look Mardo Libre are growing at 20% plus in all categories in all geographies. So that's very attractive. So I know I've said a lot of positive things about Macardo Libre but what are some of the things that someone who wouldn't invest in Mardo Libre what what are some of the things that put people off? Well, I know that South America, it can be a more volatile region of the world and yeah, it's got some good growth prospects. There's been a lot of issues in Argentina economically, a lot of issues in Brazil politically. Um, those are two of Micardo Librey's largest markets. At the same time, you get exposure to people that maybe weren't so in the zone of online shopping, e-commerce, and also fintech that are now transitioning to that very, very quickly. You know, the economies are probably when you add them up, I don't know, a fifth or a quarter the size of the North American market with a similar population, but they are growing quicker and you've got a younger demographic that is switching much faster as well. Now, on the credit and lending side, which they've really expanded on in Micardo Pargo, that magnifies the risk to the business whenever you've got leverage, right? And we need to make sure Macardo Libre or Micardo Pargo, I should say, are managing those loans effectively. Now, they look very healthy at the moment, but the more that that segment grows, we want to make sure that they're not taking on excess credit risk because that can have an outsiz effect on the business overall. And with regards to that, I think that the business has proved itself over such a long period of time that they don't need to take the risk because this is one part of the whole cargo platform which is a whole part of the whole business. Yeah. Unlike maybe investing in SoFi four or 5 years ago, they don't necessarily need to take that risk to have that growth. So I don't see that as corrupting the whole business. And as I said, I think the Wall Street don't like the margin pressure, which for me, seeing a company that continuously invests and has a culture of making their platform better and more accessible, and you can see that reflected in the revenue growth and in the growth of market share across both Pargo and also Libre in Brazil, which I showed you. That's a fair enough trade-off for me. I'm not watching the quarterly EPS numbers. You know, there will be a time down the road where Micardo Libre optimize their net margins and I think as they continue to do that, that's when we'll really see the share price sort of catch up to that. But in the meantime, as I said, if you want to bet on that price of sales multiple expanding just a little bit, the share price has got to grow by more than 35% just for that price of sales multiple and that price of gross profit multiple to expand. and they're pretty much at all-time lows when you've got a company that is posting very good revenue growth. Um, and the last thing to mention is Marcus Galprin who actually founded Micardo Libre 25 years ago. He's stepping down at the end of the year which yeah, it's a little bit of a niggle. Um, but of course it doesn't necessarily mean things are going badly. He has done this for 25 years and may have other goals in his life. And there's this guy called Ariel and I I should have looked up how to pronounce his last name but I certainly don't know. um he joined Micardo Libre 8 years ago. So he's been with the company for 8 years and he's going to be the new CEO as of 2026. Here is his experience. He joins as VP of strategy, corporate development, and he's worked his way up the business. So I actually like the fact that he's been there for eight years and has had a variety of roles and has got a very interesting resume beyond that. But that's it is what it is, right? Like Amazon didn't get destroyed when Jasse took over. Jasse was there since 2003 I believe or maybe even earlier and pioneered AWS and was someone that understood the intrinsics of the business very well. And given that the founder of Macardo Libre is leaving and he's leaving when the business is doing well. He's not leaving this new CEO in in the business where it's doing very badly. at least that there's someone who has worked closely with the top echelons of the management of Micardo Libre and is not some random outsider coming in about to retire and is going to run the business into the ground. But of course, that is yet to be seen. The proof is in the pudding. But for you to be promoted several times whilst you're in Micardo Libre all the way up to the president of commerce and then transitioning to CEO, that's a pretty good sign in itself. That's everything I wanted to say on Micardo Libre. Let me know if you have any questions down in the comments and I look forward to seeing you in the next video. [Music]
