---
ticker: MELI
type: youtube
title: "I'M BUYING! MERCADO LIBRE - MELI STOCK - TOO CHEAP TO IGNORE?"
channel: "UNRIVALED INVESTING"
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8NOk-lHJM3M
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 27604
---

# I'M BUYING! MERCADO LIBRE - MELI STOCK - TOO CHEAP TO IGNORE?

## 视频信息
- **频道**: UNRIVALED INVESTING
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8NOk-lHJM3M

## 转录全文

Unrivaled Nation, earlier this morning, Marcato Libre stock was taking it on the chin. Stock was down around 10% plus. And I called out to my subscribers at Unrivaled Investing, my paid members. I said, I'm buying more of this top position. Now, I was originally thinking that I should do a follow-up exclusive letter or exclusive video, but instead, I'm making this public to all subs to all viewers here on YouTube for the Unrivaled Investing channel. Now, I will make an exclusive video focused on a company that I've actually been buying even more aggressively this past week. Next week, so next week, an exclusive video. So, if you like this video, you'll like the one next week as well. That's for the members at unrivaledinvesting.com. So, let's understand Marcato Libre Mi and why I felt compelled to buy more stock today as it sold off and what are the reasons that it's selling off. As always, if you enjoy educational investing content, I do appreciate you hitting that thumbs up, hit that subscribe button. My name is Daniel. You're watching Unrivaled Investing. So if you look at Marcato Libre very, you know, if if you're not familiar at all with their business model, I'd recommend you you take some time, a little bit of time to learn. Actually, it's very easy now to learn about any company in the world. Here's an example of one of the slides that's created on any stock in the world for free. Uh, and this is one of the slides from flash.stocksinol.ai AI that shows what Marcato Libre does and I think it does a a great job capturing it which is a this is one of the dominant thirdparty marketplaces e-commerce marketplaces in Latin America. They also have a firstparty retail presence but they're also investing in logistics and advertisement. So they have this commerce engine and they've married it with a fintech engine. Marcato Pago digital bank accounts offering credit offering insurance. And so this is a beautiful business model, a dual engine ecosystem that's driving their growth. And when you look at the results, you go, "What? This this this company's down 10%." You know, at at one point down 10% plus today, closer to 13%. I mean, this company grew the gross merchandise value across the platform up around 40%. In the fourth quarter, the items sold, the number of items sold on this platform grew by over 40%. the total payment volume. So this this includes their fintech solutions that's up over 40%. Their credit portfolio. So this is includes their their offerings like consumer loans, credit cards that grew 90%. Revenue up over 45%. So and and by the way, this isn't just some sort of growth company with pie in the sky results where they're going to implode someday. At least I hope not because this is a company that's self- financing. And when I when I say at least I hope not, I'm I'm making the point that you can almost any company can post incredible growth in a short period. But if you do it by blowing up your margins with huge losses, that's a challenge. That's an existential. And that's that's the way a lot of companies operate where they go, hey, look how fast we're growing and by the way, we just diluted you 5%. You're not going to see that with Marcato Libra. You're not seeing that type of dilution. And by the way, you're seeing real profitability. you see, you know, nearly a billion dollars in income from operations or core profitability and you'd see free cash flow also very attractive for the fourth quarter and yet the stock getting hammered. What is going on when you have this sort of, you know, clearly a disconnect between the fundamentals and the price? Why why would the price sell off so significantly when the fundamentals are arguably rocking and rolling? And I think if there was just one chart that you would have picked that says why Marcato Libre is in the penalty box today, I think it's this chart that shows that their margins yearover-year have gone down. And you can see last year it was around 14%. Then they're investing across the business and now it's closer to 10%. If you do some sort of tax adjustment that's not even showing here, it's actually closer to 9%. So, a real decline in operating margins. So, per dollar in revenue, they're generating less cents per profit. So, each dollar in revenue was previously generating close to 14 cents in profit. Now, it's closer to 10 cents, 9 cents. Okay, that is enough for investors to go, "Oh my goodness, you just face constant competitive pressures. Margins are never going to be able to scale. You'll never get to, you know, really attractive profitability. And what if this just keeps happening? What if the margins just keep getting lower?" And this is why I think it's so important to actually let's parse out what are the fundamentals, what's management saying, you know, do they have a track record of creating value? And management's pretty much saying, "Yeah, look, all our investments are required to demonstrate a clear path to positive direct contribution under conservative assumptions." So, we're clearly making investments in this business. And by the way, we estimate the combined impact of our strategic investments, including lower free shipping in Brazil, crossborder trade, firstparty uh inventory. So think about it as if they have an e-commerce platform and they have the dominant e-commerce platform in Latin America, they might say, "hm, we need to make sure when a customer comes online and checks out Marcato Libre that they're going to find what they want." And if the third party merchants that come to our marketplace and, you know, use our advertising tools aren't providing it, we need to buy it. We need to stock up. We need to be the grocery store. So, that is a short-term cost. That is a short-term margin hit where they're going to say, "Yeah, we're going to stock the inventory." Yes, long-term that's not as profitable as having a lucrative third party marketplace, but we want to make sure the consumer is delighted. So we're investing in you know better lower shipping rates faster shipping better uh effectively transactions between countries having a greater breadth and depth of products for customers and also offering financing solutions credit card you know credit card uh offerings for consumers. They're saying look this is equivalent to a 5 to 6% point operating hit for operating margins. Now once again their operating margins we were just talking about it went from 13% to 9 10%. So if you back out those investments you're really talking closer to 15 16%. That is a big big difference. We're going to talk about that more in a in a minute closer to the end of this video but it is important to have that in your head. Management is clearly making investments. Now, let's go through the unrivaled investing checklist because in my opinion, a lot of investing, a lot of people get distracted by stories, some narrative, an exciting CEO, you know, what's going on with competition. It's so important to focus on this checklist because it makes it easier for you to go, okay, do I actually believe, you know, can I do I believe in management alignment? Do I believe in that there's obvious growth? And if you get these things, I think it increases the odds of a favorable outcome. Never a guarantee, but it increases the odds. So, first of all, with management alignment, you have Marco Scalpern. He's the chairman, previously the CEO. Owns around 7% of the company. His family owns around 7%. So, this is a stake worth billions of dollars. One of the largest shareholders, founder le. That's what I like to see. This is baby. Now, sharpeyed investors would say, "Well, wait a second, Daniel. You know, he, you know, Galperin was the CEO. They've he's promoted Ariel Schwarzen. I apologize if I'm mass butchering the pronunciation of his last last name, but he just put in Ariel as uh the new CEO, and Marco Scalpern is now the executive chair." Now, as chair, he's still going to oversee the company and focus on strategy. But what I do like is that this promotion of this new CEO, this guy's been with the company for nearly a decade. So, he has the culture. He should have the culture in his veins. And by the way, he previously oversaw, you know, their commerce segment. So, he's seen the growth. He's focused on strategy. I would say the one negative here if I were to judge management and the one this is going to fit in the also more with the the second half of this video is one of the things to watch out for is the fact that it doesn't seem like a lot of his background is with the fintech offering and that's the fintech you know that's growing faster than the rest of the business and arguably poses the risks poses some existential risks that investors need to think about as they consider Marcato Libre we'll talk about you the the fintech developments in a second. So, we talked about management alignment. Look, if if you have a founder that owns 7% moving, you know, from CEO to chair, promoting someone that's been in the company for the better part of a decade has helped oversee certain segments that have just crushed it. Coming in as CEO, I would say you've got the alignment, you've got the culture down, they've got the rinse and repeat formula that should be able to keep on working in the years ahead. And once again, when you have that founder, you make it more comfortable for the minority shareholders like myself worrying, hey, if there's some sort of macro event that could impact Marcato Libre, I think Marco Scalpern will be thinking about it. I think the management team will be aware of it and think about how do we make sure we they are Marcato Libre is insulated from whatever macro shock happens. So I that's that's why management alignment is so important for me personally. Okay. So now let's talk about obvious growth. That's number two. There are several examples in their letter that just makes it obvious. They talk about look, Latin America offers one of the biggest e-commerce growth opportunities in the world. The penetration rate is roughly half the level seen in the US, UK, and China. Talking about how much e-commerce is relative total retail for Latin America versus let's say China or the US. And they're saying, look, we see no structural reason why the region should not reach similar levels. That alone should drive the gross merchandise value across their platform to be multiples bigger over the long term. And so this strikes me as obvious growth. Another example, management talking about, look, we operate in a region where many millions of people are poorly served by the traditional financial system or not served at all. This was a key driver behind the launch of Marcato Pago in 2003, their fintech solution, and remains central to our growth opportunity today. Their goal is to build Latin America's largest digital financial institution. They're also focusing on net promoter scores. Do our customers delighted by this? And they're saying, look, paying attractive yields on funds held at Marcato Pago is a key pillar underpinning our leading net promoter scores. customers love it that they can get a reasonable return on putting their cash in a marcado pago account. So then the question is well how do they invest it? Can they find clever ways to invest? And we'll talk about that in a second. And they say look offering credit is yet another pillar driving their net promoter score. So folks are happy not only to have a place where they can put their money for savings, but also that they have solutions to get loans whether or not it's merchant loans, consumer loans, you know, some sort of credit card. And so they're saying this helps the platform. The opportunity we face is substantial, saying less than 20% of Mexicans and only 40% of Argentines have a credit card. So they're talking about this is such a huge example of obvious growth. So we're talking about e-commerce obvious growth, fintech obvious growth and the numbers you it's important management will oftenimes spin a story of obvious growth. So it is important to hear something where management makes it puts it on a platter for you and says look at all these examples of why it's obvious growth. Okay, beautiful done. You should see it in the numbers though. It shouldn't just be a great recipe. And that's what you're seeing here when you're looking at their results. I mean, you could pretty much pick any metric you see on this table. And it should translate into, oh, yeah, there's obvious growth here. I mean, you're looking at year-over-year gross, you know, items sold, as I already called out, over 40%. You know, all these different loan books, whether or not it's credit card, consumer loans. I mean, you're talking about 114% growth in credit cards, 76% growth in consumer loans. You're seeing revenues growing 47% in the quarter. You know, there across various different markets, you're seeing hyper growth. Really, you can pick any figure. Unique buyers on the platform, up 24%. Obvious growth just jumps off the page. So, you have management alignment, you have obvious growth. So, then it comes down to that compelling valuation. Now, before talking about that, first of all, recognize none of this is financial advice. Also, Joseph T, a premium subscriber, recently wrote, "I thought that the premium subscription was quite expensive, but after reading your newsletters, I wanted more updates, especially with earning season. Your videos already allowed me to earn way more than the subscription cost." Similarly, Dominic, another subscriber, wrote, "I've been investing for about 6 years, and early on, I was just getting lucky. I had absolutely no idea what I was doing. since joining your community in in 2022 has become by far the most valuable source of education for me. If you're looking for compelling ideas, I am going to make a video just like this one on a company that I've been buying even more aggressively next week. So, come check that out at unrivaledinvesting.com if you're interested. Also at Flash, we recently launched portfolio watch, which leverages AI to understand, think about your portfolio, give you a perspective on maybe companies that in your portfolio offer more opportunity or some of the risks in your portfolio or maybe even additional ideas. So come check that out. See the link below. So as we think about Marcato Libre, I I let's let's actually just pause here. So you have dominant e-commerce and then their aspirations to be a leading fintech solution. And I think it's so important to be aware of of that value proposition creating savings accounts effectively for you know the underbanked and also creating credit for folks that say hey maybe it's a a merchant that wants to sell on their platform. There's an inherent existential risk, however, because it's very easy to say, "Hey, why don't we extend credit so that way we have more sales on our platform even if the person, the consumer potentially buying isn't a good credit." That is an existential challenge that Marcato Libre faces. I I am satisfied that they will not blow themselves up because Marco Scalpern owns aable sizable stake in the company and you know that that sort of founder management alignment that's how I get comfortable at night ultimately with any financial institution any credit card insurance company bank I think culture that management alignment is just so important because of how easy it is to blow up a financial institution that's super important to understand there is this existential sort of risk that they have to thread and be mindful about. So you're looking at their credit portfolio. It's doubled year-over-year roughly up 90%. And you can see that it's primarily driven by one consumer loans, two credit cards. So this is, you know, consumer loan think some sort of installment I believe and then there's also the merchant loans. This is inherently riskier when you're saying, "Hey, you know, you you made this purchase. Maybe we have a buy now pay later sort of offering when you're on the Marcato Libre platform and shopping." So, I I think this is something to watch. Management is saying, "Look, our credit card portfolio, our non-performing loans are actually, you know, as as low as it gets in terms of the credit card portfolio." management made some sort of comment like that in the letter, but it I I think this is something Wall Street is going to be watching extra closely because in aggregate the loans that are past due 15 to 90 days had a little uptick from around 6.7% two quarters ago to around 7.6%. That's also slightly higher year-over-year. So this is the potential existential concern of well if you start making really bad loans that number could jump and then by the way not only would you have the number of loans that are you know effectively bad jump but you'd also have to have higher provisioning to say well we need to make sure that we cover those losses with those loans. And so currently they are very well provisioned. That's part of the accounting that they use is to be pretty darn conservative. So, for example, any, you know, loan that's passed due 90 days, they they're 150% uh loan provision coverage. So, you could see that here. So, they there there should be substantial coverage, but if this number were to jump from 7.6% 6% to 10%. It I mean look when you're talking about Latin American economies you can have macro shocks and you could have something like that happen. So it is important to be aware of that dynamic. In that event, would not surprise me, me making this video would appear pie on my face and people would say, "Daniel, what a bad call." Because in that scenario, Marcato Libre stock would likely be lower as investors would once again put it in the penalty box. And management themselves would need to say, "Hey, we need to make sure we tighten up our underwriting and make sure that we have the cash flows to handle this. How do we make sure this isn't a problem for us in the future?" That would be a you know a a reset in the stock I'd argue for investors to think about because it's it's also once again the existential like how are we going to change our business model to operate so that this doesn't happen again now so far they're not seeing that it's important to recognize that but things can happen and I think a lot of investing is uh you know thinking about the unfortunate or negative outcomes that may never come to play you know may may never happen. But I think being a conservative investor is being aware of these dynamics and thinking about it before you pull the trigger. And also I think it's relevant for portfolio allocation and sizing. Now the next key point so that compelling valuation that's the next one on the checklist. A lot of folks are saying Daniel this is not compelling. This has gone from 100 times PE ratio to around 45. That is crazy expensive. Right Daniel? And this is where I think it's so important. If you don't get anything else from this video, I think it's just to pause and reflect that the PE ratio is deeply flawed. That's the price or the market cap, you know, on on on the numerator and then earnings in the denominator. That's the PE ratio. And that it's deeply flawed because often times the ear the the P is fine often times if you're calculating it right, but the earnings part is where it gets tricky. And I literally had a conversation with, you know, one of my close friends, a super smart lawyer, uh, yesterday, and he said, "Hey," we were talking about a completely different company, and he said, "Hey, isn't this stock expensive? It trades at 45 times earnings, very similar." And it's that sort of understanding that makes me like my head go, "Ah, you don't understand that." The the second component in the PE ratio is earnings. And earnings can jump around in any given year. So, it's so important for you to think about what does the long-term optimized margins look like for this business. What do I think they can do and use that as I'd argue the PE ratio because the market frankly doesn't care what your earnings were yesterday. They care greatly about what is your earnings this next year. And that's where thinking about the optimized margins, you know, comes to play. So as we you know look at this I already called out management has said they're under earning they're reinvesting in the business they're effectively saying margins could be 50% higher from around 10% to 15 16%. They've said that literally. So that's one thing to think about. I mean that alone would get that PE ratio much lower. Another way to look at it is their free cash flow. Now there's a lot of confusion here about their free cash flow and frankly it's very tricky to calculate. Management provides a proforma adjusted free cash flow of around $1.5 billion. You need to be super careful using the I I frankly there's going to be sites and YouTubers and all sorts of folks that are going to talk about free cash flow. I think this is arguably the best way to think about it and a lot of folks are way more bullish on it and way more because they're missing certain key aspects. So I you need to pause and think about free cash flow. People are going to be like look how cheap it is on free cash flow. You need to pause and do a little bit of understanding here which is one there's a lot of cash flow going out for their loans. Okay, that's easy to understand. It's sort of like, hey, if you were to have a business that goes and builds another factory to double their output, yeah, build, you know, making that investment in the factory would result in your cash flows going down because you're saying, "Hey, there's this great growth investment that I'm going to do. I need to go build this factory." And anyone thinking about the long-term free cash flow is, they'd adjust for that growth investment. So, that is something to think about. and management is aggressively making new loans. This past year it was to the tune of $67 billion in free cash flow. I I I didn't mean to do that. So that's loans out cash out of6 to7 billion. Next is an element where management says well wait a second you can't count all the cash flow that's coming in because a lot of it is cash where customers are saying yeah we we want some sort of savings product. We want to get that yield. Now, that's the the customer funds that are set aside for regulatory purposes. That's around $5 billion. Management saying you can't count that for buybacks and dividends. Don't count that. So, management has a designated figure of around $1.5 billion. It says, look, don't count the the customer funds coming in, but you should count the fact that we are investing significantly, you know, in these new loans and we are, you know, growing our business. So, overall, it's around $1.5 billion. Now, that doesn't make it look cheap, but if you use that mental model of wait a second, what if they're growing this loan book is, you know, akin to someone building a new factory and saying they don't need to make these loans, they don't need to aggressively expand their loan book if they didn't want to lean into this opportunity. Well, then in that case, you know, I'd argue the free cash flow would you'd add back the amount invested in these loans, but you'd also subtract the proceeds that they get from from this line item. This line item reflects that, hey, we we made these loans, but then we also sold some of them effectively like a securization transaction. We sold the loans that we originated to some financial partners for two $2.4 billion. So adjusting for this, I personally think the pro-forma free cash flow for Marcato Libre is around $5.7 billion in free cash flow. That's based on this table that management provided against an $88 billion market cap where it trades today. That suggests around 15 times free cash flow for a business once again that's investing heavily in terms of their fintech offering. Now, if they were to pull back dramatically and say, "Hey, we're not going to be investing in this fintech offering and invest maybe in, you know, we're still going to collect customer deposits, but maybe invested in something safe that sort of matches that risk liability." You know, your your free cash flow would explode overnight. And then I think investors would go, "Wow, this is very very cheap." So, this should give you an understanding that if management wanted to stop making this huge investment in their fintech segment, which I'd argue they don't because they believe it's such a big opportunity and because they believe they have the economics and the algorithm and the data that no one else has, that it is compelling at around a 15 times adjusted free cash flow multiple. That's at least, you know, what we're looking at here. That's excluding this growth. Now I also as I already talked about the way to think about it so one way is some sort of pro- form of free cash flow. Another is what do you think the long-term margins could be over time? And I think it's always appropriate to have a range a range of outcomes. They've in the past delivered you know in the last couple years mid- teens mid to low teens. So I'm and management just said on this call or on this the transcript saying look we could be closer to 15 16%. So I'm assuming a range of future margins of 13 to 19%. I'm assuming they continue to grow at a good clip this next year. I'm assuming somewhere between 20 and 30%. They grew closer to 40% this past year and in the years ahead somewhere between 15 and 20%. Maybe I'm being too conservative. Maybe I'm being too aggressive. That's up to you. I'd love to hear your thoughts and then you know based on these you know these inputs and assuming some free cash flow acrewing to shareholders each year that one.5 billion maybe it's two maybe it's three in the future you know you're talking about on the low side this low framework closer to a high singledigit type of return and once again I think this low is a hurdle that management should easily be able to step over I frankly think if they only delivered on this over the next 5 years I suspect management would be disappointed. That's my assessment. And that's the type of framework that I generally love to have, which is, wait a second, management just said their margins could be higher than this, but I'm assuming a lower margin. Okay? And I'm also assuming, you know, 22.5 times earnings multiple. Okay? So, that's in line with market multiple, you know, despite the fact that it's a company that has a history of just tremendous, you know, growth potential. tremendous past growth growing 30 40% for several quarters. You know, in this low scenario, I'm still penciling out once again hype, you know, it's a it's a hypothetical. Stock prices can go higher or lower. Wouldn't surprise me at all if Marcato Libre, you know, continues to fall. But I'm saying over the next 5 years, I'm penciling out high single digits in the low case. And I love this type of framework when I can say hypothetically low case I'm getting high single digits and then in my base or high case I'm getting high teens 20s maybe higher then I'm start find you know I I go okay I'm interested I want to potentially buy more and that's why I was buying more Marcato Libre earlier today. If you enjoyed this video, once again, I will be making a video just like it for another position that I've been buying even more aggressively next week. That'll be exclusive to members of Unrivaled Investing. Thank you for watching Unrivaled Investing.
