---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: MELI
title: "Mercado Libre Stock Analysis! Risks & Upside Potential"
channel: "The Patient Investor"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: GYqZeuGs-c8
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GYqZeuGs-c8
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Mercado Libre Stock Analysis! Risks & Upside Potential

**Channel**: The Patient Investor  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GYqZeuGs-c8

## Transcript

Many of you have asked me about my opinion on Mercado Libre, ticker symbol MELI, MELI stock. It's an interesting one. It's down 10% over the last 5 days. I got a lot of requests on this stock. I talked about it once in the past and I'm going to talk about it again. So, I really hope you enjoy it as always. But for Mercado Libre, if it was to be a country, it would have one of the largest populations in Latin America with Brazil having 214 million people, Mexico 126 million, and the total buyers on Mercado Libre are around 100 million people with 61 million on their fintech platform alone. So, this is a pretty big company. People call it the Amazon of Latin America and it's a very interesting investment indeed. If you look at their mix of revenues, most of it is coming from Brazil around $12.6 billion and the Brazilian market has been growing exponentially. Their second largest market is Mexico at $5.2 billion and then they have Argentina, which has also been rapidly growing with the recent president, $5.2 billion. Then they have other countries. I believe they're in Colombia and a few other markets at about $1 billion. But if you look at Brazil, Argentina, and Mexico, those are pretty good countries. They are rapidly growing. They have very good demographics. The birth rate is still pretty decent compared to other countries. So, being embedded in such culture and being there in terms of the growth potential is pretty amazing in my opinion for a company and for a bet like Mercado Libre as you're betting on Latin America and the demographics are pretty amazing. Now, if you're looking at the e-commerce penetration in Latin America, as of 2023, it's only 13%. In comparison to the United States, the United States is 24%, UK is 29% and China is 32%. So, only 13%. Maybe now it's 15 or 14 or 15 or 16%. There's still a long ways to go, not just from MELI growing itself, but in terms of the system and the business model and the e-commerce penetration growing in general. But it's not just about the e-commerce penetration being much lower than other places, but it's also that a lot of people in those countries like Ecuador, Colombia, and others, they're still using cash. And as of 2023, 49% of people in Ecuador, they prefer using cash. In Colombia, where Mercado Libre has a pretty large presence, 43% of people still prefer using cash. So, they still have a cash-based population. They still have a decently unbanked population, which is why Mercado Libre is not just betting on e-commerce. They are betting on a fintech and in terms of banking in general, loans, investments, bank accounts, and mainly digital payments in general. And their fintech services business has over 67 million monthly active users. 67 million growing 30% year-on-year. This is really amazing in my opinion. And if you look at the overall business of Mercado Libre, they're mainly in marketplace, which is 3P retail, and they also have a place where you could buy and sell your products to other people, which is very interesting. They have the logistic networks, which is their physical moat. They have advertising. Their advertising revenues have been growing rapidly. And they have other businesses into real estate vehicles. Then they have Mercado Pago, which is mainly the fintech business, which is mainly in investments, payments, insurance, credit cards, debit cards, personal loans, buy now, pay later. And this is really a perfect combination cuz you could buy something on Mercado Libre and you could finance it through his Mercado Libre. Or you could send your friend money through Mercado Libre. You could get a loan. Or you could invest with the company. And and especially in Latin America with such rapidly growing population. And this is a growing area in general. To me, this is very very interesting. But as I said previously, the main competitive advantage in my opinion of Mercado Libre is their physical moat. They own the whole process throughout from vans to the trackings to a lot of their facilities to even airplanes where they have the fulfillment and they ship it all over in those countries. And they have a physical moat that's very hard to replicate, which is why Amazon has been trying to enter the space, I believe, since 2016. And this is pretty much the reason for every single sell-off on Mercado. They have It hasn't had any major sell-offs, but most of the sell-offs, other than bear markets like 2022, were mainly due to fears that Amazon's going to take over. And Amazon has been expanding in this market and I own Amazon and I hope that they continue to expand. But Mercado has a physical moat that's really hard to replicate. And Amazon is trying to replicate it. They have the capital. They have the business model. But but you know, Mercado has kind of a early mover advantage. And they have their physical moat, which I like very much and they keep expanding the physical moat cuz their property, plant, and equipment have been growing at a 48% CAGR reaching $3.4 billion. And as you can see, they've been buying more real estate, expanding their property, plants, and equipments almost every single year, which is pretty amazing. Now, something that I don't really like about Mercado, which I believe is a risk with the company or could be an area of concern, is mainly their credit strategy. So, based on my understanding, and you could correct me if I'm wrong, but based on my understanding, I believe they hold those loans on their balance sheet. So, 42% of the credit portfolio is in buy now, pay later and personal loans. This is not something that I'm a big fan of, especially buy now, pay later. I mean, I personally thought that this business model would like blow up a few years ago and it still hasn't happened, but I'm I'm not a big fan of it at all. Credit cards is 39% and merchant credit is 19%. It has been growing 98% CAGR, which is pretty amazing growth for the company. But if they hold them on the balance sheet, and I believe they do, it could possess some credit risk for Mercado. And I would have much preferred the company implementing a business model maybe like Upstart or maybe like SoFi, what they're trying to do in terms of being the middleman and third parties holding those loans and Mercado collecting fees and recurring revenues for originating them instead of Mercado taking the credit risk and holding it on the balance sheet. So, this is something that I don't really like, especially in a in a lot of countries where I don't understand the regulations and the potential changes in regulation with banking. It could be sensitive. But this is, you know, the only thing that I don't really like with the company. But in terms of the latest quarter, it was pretty stunning. Uh GMV grew 37% on an FX neutral basis. Items sold 31% growth. I mean, the growth numbers are are just mind-blowing. And actually been pretty sustainable. Like when I looked at Mercado 2 years ago, I saw that those numbers are not sustainable. But I'm shocked to see them just keep on going. And again, this is a combination of a growing business, but also a growing market with pretty amazing demographic. Total payment volume was 61% in an FX neutral basis. Credit portfolio, which what I spoke about, is 9.3 billion, 91% year-on-year. Net income margin is still relatively low at 7.7% because the company is, like Amazon, investing for growth, investing for their competitive advantage, and not they're not focused on being as profitable as possible, which is the right move until they solidify their moat and they take away the competition, which the market is scared from competition. And there's many competitors in the space, especially in the fintech kind of space with Nubank, which is a lot of people love the stock and I actually like it. But Nubank is also expanding in a lot of the regions that Mercado is in in terms of the fintech business. But in terms of the fulfillment and mainly e-commerce in general, Amazon is starting to move pretty aggressively in Brazil. And the latest report showcases that Amazon Brazil, which is their segment, has announced that it will waive or reduce fulfillment by Amazon fees for certain sellers during the holiday season. So, they're pretty much trying to push on the pedal, the gas pedal, and they want to expand in Brazil and they want to expand in Latin America where Mercado has a presence and Amazon has the money. They have the experience. They have everything they want to, you know, be competitive in this area. But I believe, as I said, Mercado has a kind of an early mover advantage. They also have a moat and they have the fintech business, which is very easy to use and a lot of people use it. And if you use the fintech platform of Mercado, you will mostly buy something from Mercado. So, Mercado has a moat from the fintech business, from integration, and also from the physical moat. And I believe Amazon will likely succeed in being competitive over there. But I believe the market is so large that there's enough room for multiple competitors. It's not a one take all kind of business model or market at all. And I think there's a place for Mercado and there's a place for Amazon. But if you look at Mercado's multiple right now, it's trading at 39 times forward earnings. It used to trade as high as 60, 61 times, even at 70 times before in 2023. And now it's trading at 31 times forward earnings. Now, 39 times earnings might seem overvalued for the the And I'm not going to use free cashflow because the company has a lot of uh things in terms of net changes in net working capital and it's actually been positive for a while, but I don't like to I like to adjust for it. So, I'm just going to use net income or earnings per share, which I believe is a better metric, but it's trading at 39 time earnings. But this is really not as expensive if the company is expected to continue growing 49% in 2026 and 34% 2027. This is less than one times price to earnings growth and the company has been growing 91% in 2024, 105% 2025. So, the growth is decelerating. You don't expect Mercado to keep growing 91 or 100% forever, but 49 35% is still pretty amazing and you're only paying 39 times earnings. This is really not expensive at all. But as I said, earnings per share growth is declining, which is expected. And revenue growth has been also declining. It used to grow 77% revenues. It went to 52%, 40%, 37%, next year is expected to be 26%, then 22%. So, revenue growth is also decelerating, which is why whenever I'm doing my valuation model, I should use a lower multiple than where Mercado is trading at right now. Now, in terms of Mercado in general, for Mercado it's actually trading at 39 PE. I put in 49 so I'm going to correct. But for Mercado, I use the current earnings per share number of $44.59 and I put in 49% growth for next year and 34%. This is what's expected by the analyst and I believe this number is highly achievable as the company grew 91% last year and the first two quarters show is showing me that this could potentially be possible for 2026 and 2027. After that, I took in an earnings per share growth deceleration to 25 Now, you have to keep in mind that the net income margin is only 7%. So, they have a long way to expand it. That could be 20 30 40% in the future, which is why I believe earnings per share will grow at a faster pace than revenues and I believe over time Mercado will sustain a decently high multiple because of an expansion in net income margin despite the growth slowing down. But the current PE is 39. I took it down to 30. I think 30 PE for such business is fair and it would still be lower than Amazon's current PE ratio. The current share price is 2000 2040. 5 years from now, after using those estimates, I get $5,000 per share, which is 17 and 1/2% on every single year on CAGR or 124% on the upside. So, in other words, I'm seeing 17 and 1/2% annual return on Mercado every single year for the next 5 years on average or around 124% upside in total. So, personally, I like uh Mercado. I think it's presenting a good opportunity given the risks and I believe uh those estimates likely count in the Amazon potentially comp- competing with Mercado and all those fintech people that are using Mercado over 67 billion. They will likely keep using the fintech platform. Those are very sticky kind of products and they will likely therefore buy and use the Mercado ecosystem in general and Mercado could still expand in different countries and expand their product base and have the logistics moat, which is hard to replicate. So, I like the company very much. I think it's presenting a good opportunity. I think 30 PE will likely hold up and I And again, I like the company in general. So, that's my opinion on Mercado. Not financial advice. Hope you enjoyed it. If you did enjoy it, please press the like button and maybe consider subscribing. So, I'll talk to you in another video.
