---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: CRM
title: "Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff on what the market is getting wrong about AI"
channel: "CNBC Television"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: Bewu2Jq_m1o
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bewu2Jq_m1o
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff on what the market is getting wrong about AI

**Channel**: CNBC Television  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bewu2Jq_m1o

## Transcript

Joining me now here at the Goldman Sachs Communicopia and Technology Conference, Mark Beni off, the CEO, chairman, and co-founder of Salesforce. It's so great to speak with you. >> Oh, I'm really happy to be here with you. >> Me, too. So, you just got off the stage. You just presented. Um, I want to start I want to start with agent force because this seems to be the area where investors are particularly focused right now. Certainly seeing a lot of momentum. We saw that last week in earnings. Uh, how how quickly does that ramp and what does it take for that to be realized in a more meaningful way on the sales side? >> Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's an incredible moment right now in in technology and I think well first of all for Salesforce I mean you can see from these quarter results our core has been remarkably strong but we also see this agent force product line which includes our data cloud uh you know is now over a billion dollars in revenue and is growing you know in triple digits. But the thing that was most excited in the quarter for me is this kind of transformation that we're going through to become an agentic enterprise, a next generation enterprise that's able to use the best of this AI and data technology to kind of deliver this next next generation results that we're getting. >> Yeah, there seems to be a narrative in the market right now and among investors that yes, this is happening, but can it happen quickly enough to offset any slowdown or disruption within the core business? Yeah, everybody wants, you know, uh, you to grow as fast as you can, uh, which, you know, we want as well. And everybody wants the cash flow to be as high as it can possibly be, which we want as well. And everybody wants bookings to be as high as possible and margins to be as high as possible. So, everybody wants it all. And I think that when you're a small company, that's one level of growth. When you're a large company like ours, we're now like maybe the largest enterprise software company. will do, you know, more than $41 billion this year in revenue. We have about 80,000 employees. You know, our growth has been very good. In fact, we're going to do $15 billion of cash flow this year, which I think is the highest in the enterprise software industry. And uh we're going to keep that going. And you know, you can see you can put things together. Everyone can do the math that, you know, we're rapidly moving from the 40 billions and soon we'll be, you know, in the 50 billions. And uh it's uh it's been an incredible moment. >> I mean there is this narrative out there that software ate the world and now AI is eating software. You think that's the wrong narrative? >> Well, I think that the way to think about this is that every company is becoming an agentic enterprise. And I'll give you an example which is customer zero us. And one of the things about Salesforce that's exciting is you know we have every possible function you could imagine just like our customers do but customer support is one of those things. It also happens to be one of our marquee products, our service cloud. And you know, we have, I would say at the beginning of this year, something like 6 to 8,000 customer support professionals. But we added our new Agentic capability. The idea the idea that we have now agents doing customer support and humans also doing customer support. Well, in the last nine months, a million and a half questions from our customers got answered by our AI agents. And also at the same time a million and a half of uh questions got answered by our human agents and >> how do they do against each other? >> Well the sees scores are about the same which is amazing and yet there's a we call an omni channel supervisor which is kind of managing them both and you can see it going back and forth because AI agents cannot do everything. We all know that anyone who's ever worked with AI knows there's only a certain level of accuracy. humans in some cases can't do everything, but together you have this incredible uh service force and that's what we're excited. Even in sales, we're now uh using agents and this is amazing. In the last 26 years, I would say that we have left somewhere between 20 and 100 million leads unanswered because we just didn't have the people to call back. we didn't have the people to really be able to say, "All right, we're going to make sure that we get back to you tomorrow." But now, every question is getting answered. Every customer is getting a call back. And the reason why that is is because we have agent sellers. So, not only do we have 15,000 people who are calling our customers, but now we have a whole new Agentic Salesforce also. And again, it's humans and agents working together. And it's a very powerful combination. So it's in service, it's in sales, it's really and it's spreading through our whole business. >> So does that translate into greater revenue? >> Well, you can see that this uh you know we had a 10% uh growth uh 9% in constant currency uh this quarter which was I think driven a lot by these new products and this new uh capability and we also saw 60% acceleration in conversions from AI pilots to actual production. So I think a lot of customers have been like I want AI. I want more capability. I, you know, want to have better profitability. I want higher cash flow. I want more customer success. But a lot of customers still don't know how to go there. You probably saw this MIT survey that just came out in last month where customers feel like they've wasted all this money in AI, >> but they haven't wasted that money with Salesforce because when they're using our products, they're getting this whole another capability, this agent capability that's giving them this functionality that they've never had before. >> Yeah, I've seen the MI uh MIT report. I've also seen the US census uh data that came out that showed a slowdown among large corporations or I guess hiring more than 250 workers uh slowing down in terms of engagement and AI as well. You're not seeing that then at Salesforce. You're seeing the opposite. You're seeing an uptick. >> I think what we're definitely seeing is that companies can become a lot stronger by using AI and humans together. And that's going to be a rebalancing of the workforce. Even in my own company, you know, I think, you know, if you look at my numbers, you know, I had 6 to 8,000 customer support agents at the beginning of this year. Now I kind of have four to 5,000 customer support agents. I've been able to reduce the customer support agents, but I have 3 to 4,000 more salespeople. So the when I talk about agentic enterprise, I'm not just talking about the product and the technology, but I think companies are going to change as well. That is the fundamental structure of Salesforce will change. the technology that we use will change and the KPIs that we're going to generate are also going to change. So, not only are we going to, you know, have increasing levels of cash flow, increasingly higher margins, higher revenues, but the way that our company is structured is going to shift. And that's what AI is going to give us. It's not going to be some huge kind of, you know, employee wipeout or we're going to take out huge parts of the company. What's going to happen is the company's going to slightly be shifted based on the power of artificial intelligence. >> So AI doesn't necessarily eat software, but it also doesn't necessarily eat jobs. It just changes the jobs. >> I think it's reshaping. I think you're going to see a fundamental reshaping of a lot of businesses. And I really think it's my obligation to make sure that Salesforce is the first one. So the other thing that and this came up with VCs on stage here uh earlier this week talking about the challenges for software and that seatbased models are vulnerable, consumption based models and pricing is the future. What does that mean for Salesforce? >> I heard that narrative too and I don't agree with it. So like for example, we all have chat GPT on our phone or some some other large language model and so you may be paying a monthly fee. Do you pay a monthly fee for chat GP $20 a month or something? You do, right? That's a seatbased model, right? your receipt and they are paying so much per month. So that model clearly is not going away but there's also a consumption model which is like we send out 11 trillion emails every single year as part of our marketing cloud and you know customers have always paid consumption on that. It's not a seatbased product. Does that make sense? >> So now you have seats you have consumption and then you also have you know kind of data >> and this idea that we have all this data out there and we have more data than ever before. That's another incredible opportunity. So, you're gonna have many different models all working together. >> So, this idea that AI is disrupting the sales cycle. It's not. It's shifting it. >> Again, just as we talked about how AI is like reshaping the the way employees are set up in a company, AI's a AI is also going to reshape, you know, what the business model is going to look like and what the technology model. But when we get into this kind of zero sum game, well, all this is going to get wiped out or all this is going to change, then you know, you're not dealing with somebody who actually runs a company because that's not the way business works. Business is incremental. It's evolutionary. It's growing. It's evolving. And we don't see that kind of change. It's very, very infrequent. >> There also seems to be uh, you know, an idea out there, and you see it in the valuation of the company Palanteer. This idea that that's the future of software. It's disrupting software and it's doing so without a marketing team. >> Oh my gosh, I am so inspired by that company. I mean, not just because they have a hundred times uh >> uh you know, multiple on their revenue, which I would love to have that too. Maybe it'll have a thousand times on their revenue soon. But the prices that they charge to their customers, I mean, there it's got to be the most expensive enterprise software I've ever seen. I've been like looking at their demos this week saying, "My gosh, how do they get these prices?" because I thought I had analytics. I thought I had data management. I maybe I'm not charging enough >> and you're competing with them. >> We compete with them. In fact, we just won a a huge deal at the US Army uh against them. >> The US government opportunity in general. We talk about cost, we talk about efficiency. I mean, there was Doge. I realized that narrative has shifted a little bit. This idea of more competition when it comes to contracting. How big is that opportunity for Salesforce? >> That's an incredible opportunity. I mean there's so I mean you know we talk about the agentic enterprise I probably used the phrase like 20 times in our interview but think about the agentic government. Think about an agent government that has the ability to extend its workforce with agents so that you have the ability to communicate, you know, with different government agencies with an AI that can really answer your questions rapidly or help you get things done more quickly or even is able to go out and recruit more people into the government, which is like certain agencies are staffing very aggressively, but they need recruiters or the ability to go out. So, an agentic government, that's as real an idea as the agentic enterprise. And I think these are huge accelerators on our uh on uh our business but really on our whole industry. >> You've talked about organic growth. You also talked about inorganic growth. You've been inquisitive over the years. Most recently Informatica, which I think there's some skepticism on Wall Street about that acquisition as well. Are you still inquisitive? >> Well, there's always going to be, you know, skepticism on any acquisition. I can tell you that. >> What are investors getting wrong? >> I've done over 60 acquisitions. So I and I've grown a business, you know, from an idea to, you know, 401 billion in revenue. So I have seen all of those things and I think that's a normal part of business which is you come in, you're acquiring a company, the first thing everyone's going to say is it's not going to work. So that is but you look at something like we bought Slack which has been just a runaway train for us and especially this year in the time of the agentic time where now I have you know agents running right inside my phone that are helping me manage my business so I can renew my customers, sell my customers, I can even help manage my human resources. It's all happening right inside Slack. So I have dozens of agents working right inside that environment. It's become an incredible product. But the growth rate on that product has been unbelievable. And as an example, when we bought the company, I think it did about $900 million in revenue. Today, it does a few billion dollars in revenue. I think I mentioned the email marketing company. You know, we bought that company, it was about 300 million in revenue. It's also about $3 billion in revenue today. So, you have to take risk to be successful in business. And acquisitions are risky, but properly managed, they can just be phenomenal for you and your customers. >> What do you think the conversation we're having a year from now, five years from now is where Salesforce is concerned, where this AI landscape and how it intersects with software is concerned, especially given the fact that we started this year with folks like Sati Nadella basically coming out and saying SAS is in trouble. >> Yeah, that was an amazing thing. I think a lot of software CEOs really looked at that and said what exactly you know is he saying and we're trying you know we have a lot of respect for him but at the same level you know software is evolving and changing and enterprise applications have are evolving and changing like I just outlined but this idea that every business is going to go through a AI transformation or an agentic transformation is very real and they're going to need partners to do that and I think that's one of the things if I kind of look back if I say where do we want to be 5 years from now let's call it 2030 I think we want to be that trusted partner for the agentic enterprise that we're going to work with companies whether they're small businesses or medium or large or governments like we talked about or other software companies which are kind of the five different you know groups that we're selling to. We want to help them all kind of make this transformation. And this is going to be a big transformation, but it's going to result in much more automated companies, more profitable companies, much higher levels of customer success. And this is what AI really is meant to be.
