---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: CRM
title: "Is CRM stock deep value, or a value trap? | Market Madness with Steve"
channel: "Crossroads"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: CZk6gwDHL24
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZk6gwDHL24
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Is CRM stock deep value, or a value trap? | Market Madness with Steve

**Channel**: Crossroads  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZk6gwDHL24

## Transcript

Good evening, guys. Uh Steve is supposed to be here. I haven't heard from him, so he might just be running a bit tanner, excuse me, a bit late. Uh in case you're tuning in, you're like, "What happened to Fintech Friday formerly known as SoFi Weekly. Um we will be doing that tomorrow. I don't have the time yet." Uh Tevis of course is still traveling in the Vatican City advising the Pope. Maybe not, but uh and uh or Tevis rather. and Tanner is late as always. Wanted to be late enough to have it tomorrow. So, we're going to do that tomorrow. Um, since we're waiting on Steve, uh, we will talk if Steve isn't able to make it for some reason, a little bit of CRM just because that's in the title, but today feels like a good day to celebrate this. So, I know a lot of you guys are also SoFi shareholders. Uh, man, what a ride this has been. Uh and I think we can just take a minute and just be like all right this is great. Uh this is one of those times where you know if you look back in the last year people were for the longest time and this is frustrating holding back here you know an $8 range and then it got smacked down of course during the tariffs back under single digits just as we're having momentum. All right we do have a special guest. There he is Steve. How you doing? >> I completely lost track of time. Sorry. No worry, brother. Uh, yeah, I was just doing a quick celebratory moment, which you tomorrow we'll do fintech Friday, I guess, on Saturday. We'll talk more about SoFi, but man, almost 30 bucks, Steve. I know CRM, we're going to talk about that in just a second, but what do you think about SoFi? >> What's not to like? >> Yeah, the market likes it. What do you think was the biggest like change in in the narrative? because we we see this with a lot of stocks where they're executing, the company's doing very well, and the market just doesn't care. And maybe Salesforce is one of those two. Is there a single thing that you could point to uh for SoFi, which is like I think that this was really the momentum shift. No, I mean I I'm trying to figure out why all of a sudden I mean look obviously getting to 2020 was a milestone again and then getting to 25 was another one. I don't know that a lot of people would have thought we would be knocking on 30's door right now. So I think Ray cuts had a lot to do with it and I think people are actually believing noto that they're going to be able to really monetize rate cuts by more originations. And I think people are really starting to believe that this is going to be a really big company. I I'm a little surprised that we scaled to 30 as quickly as we did from 25, but I'll take it. Yeah, it's it's higher than what my price target was. They have executed. Uh I mean, you look at the previous quarter, it was just impeccable. So, exciting times and it doesn't feel like the company's egregiously expensive. I don't I don't think it is here. So, u but the nice thing is about it being a long-term shareholder, we can just hold and let the company execute and hopefully our covered calls don't get buried. >> I mean, a buck 40 today is wild. >> Yeah. I mean, look at a one-year chart. I mean, I can bring it up if you want, but I'd rather you bring it up. >> Yeah, I've got it here. Yep. >> The just the This is a breakout. The last week is a breakout. No, no matter how you want to look at that, that's a breakout. >> We'll do it on the weekly. >> So, the question is, does it hold or not? I don't know. >> Yeah. I mean like then well so it it might and I actually I don't know it'll be interesting to see how many of those tanches uh not and team get you know the 25 35 and 45 it has to hold over 30 days as far as a weighted average based on volume u 35s I think are pretty inevitable by next summer uh or 25s rather uh we're above it 35s I think more likely than not 45s I don't know uh but uh you know for us as long-term shareholders. If it goes back to 20, that that's not the end of the world. We've seen a lot worse. But >> listen, all number on a piece of paper and if you don't want to see a lower number, I don't know what this is going to do in the future. But at this very point in time, it doesn't matter if you bought this 5 years ago at 25 or at nine bucks, you're currently up. Like no matter where you bought, you are up right now. And that's something that we have not been able to say for a long time. >> I I love that. Yeah. I mean, like, and you know, for those that are maybe newer in SoFi, like there were we had a new alltime high this week. Uh the previous all-time high was in 2021. So, uh, there were some people that were down and even, I don't know, like a week and a half ago, people were still under the impression that SoFi wasn't going anywhere, that I had been an opportunity cost, frankly, give me 266% gains, uh, off of any ticker any year. And I'm extremely happy. I mean, I'm good with 50%. So, uh, and Duck, yes. The answer to this, uh, debate was yes by both. my number one and number two positions made out like abandoned and we got more to go. So, so, so Steve, do you have any uh you might have an answer to this and then we're going to pivot to CRM uh which is the main event. I really want to hear from you. That's going to be interesting. Um you and I have both had times when covered calls get away from us. Thankfully, I'm not in that position right now. >> Have we not? Listen, >> I'm victim of it today. Yeah, >> I am no longer climbing up my Tesla shares got called away. >> Yeah. So, oh man, that's frustrating. U Robin Hood like it pumped right at the end. Uh and I had 125s and one 124 which I bought back thankfully, but man, I was like at the end I'm like oh man, the last 10 minutes it was just pumping like stop it. So, uh if uh you know, we're not giving a financial advice here, but uh you know if you have like how do you handle that? Uh, how do you make that determination of whether just to say, "Okay, I'm gonna let him go. I'm gonna roll. I'll just pay the price and get back in. >> So, am I allowed to curse on this or not? >> Yeah, that's fine. >> No, I just I I don't know. I am I allowed to curse on this?" >> Yeah, you can. >> Okay. In all seriousness, you have to take a book You have to take a page out of Lethal Weapons book. Sometimes you have to know when to say you don't give a And you have to be able to mean it. And I say that in a lot of situations. And people think that I'm crazy. And I truly mean it. That you really have to not care about certain things. Like if missing out on some alpha is going to keep you up at night, just don't do it. Just don't sell cover calls. Like you know what you're signing up for. As much as it sucks missing out on profit, if you're still in the black and you're still beating the return from the S&P, you can't complain. So, you know what you're signing up for? And with my specific situation, could I have rolled? Yes, I could have. I could have fought my way out. It would have taken three years at this point and I would have had a role to the end of 2027 to get somewhere to where I didn't have to take any money out of my pocket and use somebody else's money to get me to a share price that was right around where I needed to be versus where Tesla shares currently are trading. And I said to myself, okay, with where my strike price is and the time duration that I have to roll out, is it worth it to just sit in this for the next two and a half years and let it play out, or do I think I can make that money somewhere else and I chose that I can make that money somewhere else without having to be locked in and just sitting in my hands for two and a half years? >> Yeah. And I I think it's kind it's a little bit different, but it's kind of like if you were in a a stock that you piled in and you're like the thesis changed. I think retail makes a mistake of like, well, I'll wait till I break even, then I'll get out versus like if you see an opportunity and you could sell that even 50% loss and make it back in the other ticker, I mean, it makes more sense to just move on. I I did accidentally, but it ended up being the right thing. I had some deeply underwater palunteer covered calls at 70 strike and I had thought about intentionally letting them go. You know, I'd redeemed thankfully some Palunteer and I do have a position still, but that was so painful and >> yeah, well, it was a 70 strike. So, this was uh I made several mistakes. I probably should do a video on this like kind of detailing like what went wrong and just >> when was the expiration date? Um, so I was just at I was at the point where I was selling monthlies uh under, you know, and and making like a tiny bit of premium, but they were so underwater. Like there was nothing there. So I I I was realizing when I let them go, I wasn't too too sad. Even though it was an accident because I meant to roll, I just lost track of time. And um I was like, okay, realistically it may take like you said several years where my largest position or the the a large chunk of my largest position at the time is going to give me 0% gains. Am I comfortable with that over three years or does it make more sense to and then ended up forgetting to roll them? Uh lost track of time on a Friday and got busy doing something else and then I'm like well the decisions made I'm not going to look back. though which it happens. It's frustrating. >> Look, cover calls are not see it's difficult because a lot of people look at cover calls as a mechanism to generate income, but it's really dangerous to do that on stocks that have the potential. you want to talk about Coca-Cola and obviously the premiums are not great but you're not going to have this type of problem with stocked by Coca-Cola or Proctor and Gamble. So, a lot of people get caught, myself included. And look, it it's what you sign up for and you just you have to be able to seriously not care. And if this type of thing is going to keep you up at night, you just shouldn't do it. Period. I mean, I I don't know what else to say about it. Like, I have an iron stomach. Does it sting? Yeah, it stings, but it is what it is. I'm not losing sleep over it. >> Yeah. Uh, and related to that, you know, I think the last probably not the last. >> Hold on. Hold on one sec. Uh, Oie Deal is not Joseph Carlson. He's forever known as Sir Joseph Carlson. >> Yeah. I was like, uh, I don't know if I want to place that coming or not. But yeah, like likewise, I me I made a video earlier. We're in price discovery, guys. If you're at SoFi, you know, not financial advice or anything, but I'm being very careful next week with my covered calls. Uh, when there's that we're in uncharted land, and that adds to volatility. U, you can look at TA guys and they might give you an idea as far as a range, but nobody really knows. So, >> I'm surprised it didn't pull back at the end of the day. It's very surprising to me that that candle stayed where it is and that is uh something you don't always see. >> No, I mean that that's closing in strength. Um now over 30 would have been insane strength but we didn't need that today. So and and you know it could pull back to 22 23 like that's fine but >> I'm going to be careful very careful with covered calls. I always say that and I get like a little bit more aggressive than I think on Monday but yeah. All right. Uh Steve, I would love for you to basically, you know, go over CRM, uh Salesforce. You had a great article out. Um you're looking more at like the fundamental aspects and the numbers, the case that we made, and I think that there's something there. Uh, I'm going to push back a little bit, not just to play um devil's advocate, so to speak, but uh there's things that I'm seeing, not not so much with the numbers, like those look actually really solid and good, but with benny off itself that >> I think you're going to be surprised that we're going to agree on a lot of things. >> All right. Well, maybe so. So, brother, uh, go ahead and, uh, share your >> address the Beny off stuff first. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. >> So, say just say it. I'll tell you if I agree or not. >> Um, all right. So, I I made a post on this that kind of uh illustrates it. Uh, and just so I don't forget anything here. >> Okay. >> He's countlessly bringing up competition. Like that's not really something if you see CEOs that are actually thriving and doing well in their business or even in places like PayPal where I think the business is doing decently well, the stock is horrible, you don't see Alex Chris bringing up the competition a lot. Um that's usually a sign of weakness. Um the val bringing up the valuation grinding whatever. Uh Palunteer stock it's it's a little weird you know again mentioning competition. um talking about Palunteer saying it's the most expensive enterprise software I've ever seen. Uh maybe I'm not charging enough. Uh and Agent Force itself. So this was supposed to be the year of Agent Force and frankly PayPal's part partnered with with Salesforce. So I I like really wish it had taken off uh better than it did. 5% penetration uh as far as a customer. So they have a lot of customers. So that's still a lot of people. But if this is a year of agent force, 5% of penetration is absolutely lousy when your tech stack already revolves around that. Um, this was weird to me too. Um, he mentioned this multiple times over multiple interviews. Like again bringing up competition like hey we won one guys. There are so many government contracts out there like a it's not a big deal and b literally nobody can find this and usually there are some like security clearance stuff where you don't actually get to peek into that contract. So, I'm sure it's probably real, but we have no idea. We can't find it. Uh, he calling himself the tailor. So, the tech usually you you let Dan Ies call you that. You don't call yourself that. Um, and then this was the weirdest thing. So, there was a a technical team there uh called Well Architected. They have a number of teams at Salesforce from what I understand. And this was in the information. I don't know if you saw the article, Steve. Um, but it was it painted a pretty brutal picture of Ben off and the culture there at CRM. And so this came out here. So Benny off he he's like, "Hey, Agent Force, you got the tech stack. Um, you have everything right there. You have the data. You can basically implement agent force in minutes and have real value like right then. Basically copy and pasted Palunteers's comments on boot camps." And uh when this team well architected which from what I understand is one of their premier lead technical teams told several large enterprise customers like hey it's actually not that easy to integrate. It takes time it takes intentionality. You have to know what you're doing and so don't expect ROI like in five minutes. He called the team crazy. He wanted to fire them all. And of course some of his adviserss are like well let's disband them. So some of them they did fire, some of them they shifted to other teams. And then they found out like, oh yes, this team is actually right. Benny off is wrong. And so they relaunched the team as well. And there's a few other things too. But I don't know like this going in before like the last few weeks where this really started ramping up. Some of this was out there before I would have looked at CRM and said, "Okay, it looks pretty attractive, especially in a forward sales point." Uh you look at free cash flow and everything. You look at their tech stack and I've used CRM uh at at my time at the university for six years. almost every single day. Uh especially CRM, some Tableau, uh some others as well. Uh but it's not an amazing product, but it doesn't have to be to exist and persist for a long time. Plenty of growth ahead, but with Beni off acting the way he did, uh I think that Oh, and then I I forgot the last piece is he mentioned a number of times like we're not a dying business. Like he keeps repeating it and nobody's saying that, which is like I don't know, man. uh something clearly seems like it's gone very wrong. And part of it for sure was his assessment of their own product, but this paints this makes me actually really question and say, okay, we know what the numbers are right now. We know that they'll probably do the next quarter, maybe the next few quarters, but like long term, is he realizing like, hey, we're just sunk. >> So, a lot to unpack there. Yeah, >> I have my own theory that I haven't necessarily said before, so I'm going to say it now. And before I do, I'm going to say I disagree with him bringing up other companies by name. As somebody who doesn't work for either company and as a shareholder of both companies, I I feel it's fine for me to be critical of companies, but I don't think as the CEO of Salesforce, which is one of the largest companies in the country, I think it is not the best look that he continuously brings up Palanteer. Now, I believe that he is doing so because he is annoyed and frustrated that Salesforce has been putting on the Dreamforce event that shuts down San Francisco annually for however long. I mean, it's been probably a decade or more now. and the fact that Palanteer is getting all this buzz and it's not just Palanteer, it's Robin Hood, it's SoFi with you know I think the idea around financial news has changed dramatically and there are companies that get a lot of attention whether people want to say it's credible whether people want to say it matters or it doesn't matter the bottom line is there are trending tickers on platforms. Salesforce is just not one of them. And it's not something that a lot of people talk about. And I think that he's annoyed that they spend all this money on Dreamforce. They invite all their clients out and everything, but Robin Hood and Palanteer are taking a different approach and they're embracing retail and they're getting all this attention from retail. And I don't think he knows how to deal with that. And I think he's really frustrated for the fact that Palanteer is a what is it a $375 billion company right now? $400 billion company right now. >> Yeah, >> it's a $400 billion company. And they do, let's be honest, they may not even do four billion in total TTM revenue after this quarter. They're going to be on the bubble. Now they will after the full year. >> Yeah. But right now they're about 3.66 I think if I remember correctly. And they'll probably be around 38 or so on a trailing 12 basis after Q3 is in the books. So he's sitting there like let's put profitability aside. Palunteer does let's just round up four billion revenue. Salesforce does 41 billion revenue. Yet Palanteer has a $150 billion market cap, more market cap. And then if you start bringing in profitability and you look at free cash flow, so Palanteer does 1.1 or 1.2 billion in free cash flow on a TTM basis and Salesforce is doing 12 a.5 billion and they're a small company. I mean, nobody's knocking Palanteer's growth. And look, Palanteer is going to do based on my calculations 49.8% 8% next quarter, year-over-year. It's insane what they're doing. >> It is every metric is amazing. >> And they just got that huge UK contract. >> UK contract. They're firing on all cylinders. >> The story is going to be what is the numbers going to be next year? Are they going to be able to maintain 30% plus or 40% plus? I think that's where we're at. Like what band are we going to be in? But from a valuation and a fundamental standpoint, it does not make sense that Palunteer is where it is because it at this rate is still going to take them six or seven years to do the free cash flow that Salesforce is doing today. So you're paying for so much future growth at today's valuation. And let's face it, no company has withstood this type of price to sales. And I think Ben off's really annoyed and he's can't figure out what is going on. And part of it, honestly, I think that more companies need to realize that Robin Hood changed the game with who buys stocks because a lot of people, Let me Let me back up. Most people buy indirectly through ETFs and mutual funds through their 401k plan. The people that reach out to me about my opinion or just want to pick my brain are younger. They're not older. And when I talk to a lot of people my age and older, they're not really interested in stocks. And if they are, they're just in investing in ETFs and that type of thing. I mean, it's the younger generation are the ones that are hyperfocused on individual companies. And I think Robin Hood really changed the game with democratizing finance. And I think all these companies are going to have to really understand that the Palunteer model of embracing retail is going to work. And so before we get to into the numbers, uh you kind of break down the case as well as far as valuation. Um, I agree he's frustrated, but do you think most of the frustration is like jealousy and being envious of Alex Carpenter the business and or is it more of a frustration of because one of the things that CRM it's part of their business model frankly and they do it I would say well enough is they acquire companies and oftentimes they're using uh some of their stock uh sometimes they just use cash as well they buy companies and so if they're not trading ing at if they're trading at a ridiculous premium like Palunteer, they they would buy the world and then Salesforce would get stronger. So, do you think it's more of like the jealousy thing or that it's like, hey, we're missing out on being able to sell very expensive stock and make our business better or is it something else? >> You know, I I don't I don't know if it's jealousy. I think it's more being annoyed that people can't see through this and when you actually look at the numbers, it just doesn't make sense. I mean that Steven Fierillo may have stole your Charizard card in third grade because that's not how you spell my last name. stop. I mean, but I I think Benny off is really just perplexed and annoyed. And I don't think it's jealousy, but I think he's really trying to understand how a company that does four billion in revenue of 1.1 billion in free cash flow can have a valuation that's 150 billion bigger than his company that's doing so much more. So, I don't know. It's something that I've asked for a long time. I mean, Palunteer is one of the best companies I've ever seen. I was excited to become a shareholder for many reasons. Day one, when it became public, I became a shareholder day one when it became public or maybe day two, but day one or day two whenever the trade went through became a shareholder. The big thing for me was supporting special forces. I have a very big soft spot for military and the fact that they were at the time a very big vendor to the military and their software was critical to a lot of different joint operations and that they were doing a lot to protect this country. I I wanted to be a shareholder and I said, you know what, even if the commercial doesn't necessarily get off the ground, I am happy to put my money in a company that's defending the West and its allies. And it just so happened that they had the best freaking software out there and commercial caught a blaze. Now, I think Palanteer is going to do amazing over the next couple of years, and I think that we could get to 10 billion in revenue over the next four or five years. I really do like I don't think that anybody can say that they it's a long shot at this point. I mean, >> yeah, it's not that that's conservative actually, which is astonishing. >> Yeah, it could be conservative. I mean, let's just say we ended four, let's say they blow it out, right? and they end to 4.5 this year. Maybe they get to six billion next year and then maybe they get to seven and a half and maybe then nine and then they break 10. I mean that may be a conservative path. It may not be. I don't know. >> I think that's really real conservative. Uh in part the UK uh partnership that they have that's 200 million extra a year. >> Uh their growth rate would have to slow tremendously elsewhere for them. >> Three to five years they could be a 10 billion revenue. Oh yeah. Yeah. Agreed there. That and that's a perfect range. >> I mean I don't think anybody can question that. And >> yeah, >> you're get and at those margins when you get to 10 billion, they're going to be putting up three to four billion in free cash flow. >> Yeah. >> Because I don't think that they're going to have less than a 30% free cash flow margin. It's probably more likely going to be around 40%. >> I mean, right now it's a little higher, but let's just say it settles at 40. >> Yeah. So >> yeah, I wouldn't expect it to go up, but it may not go down as much as we think. >> May not go down a lot. Like Palunteer is an amazing company. >> Problem is it's so richly valued that I think every CEO is looking at it like how the hell is this not free traing? Like it it's a unicorn. But at the same time, when you're trading at 110 or 120 times sales, it's just something that's never been sustainable. And that doesn't mean that it doesn't have to be, but it's never been sustainable. So, is Palunteer the one company? I mean, even Tesla trades at freaking 13 time sales. >> Yeah. >> You know, so we got to wait and see. >> Yeah. Um I I I think that your your theory has a lot of merit like as far as why he's acting the way he is, especially as it relates to retail because I it clicked in my mind one thing that was another oddity which I thought it was interesting at the time. You know, I'm a Tesla shareholder. You are as well. You saw that golden Optimus bot that Vinnie Off had brought into the office. Elon Musk was there demoing it and it looked, you know, pretty terrible honestly. Um but, you know, it's funny as quirky. I mean, why else would you do that? And maybe maybe they're just good friends and hanging out, but I mean, I don't think so. Uh why else would you do it? Or what would be better than just like, okay, I want to get some retail attention on my stock, on my name. >> Let's do this and put it on media. So, >> look, I think Salesforce is grossly undervalued. >> I I I think it's one of the most undervalued tech companies in the market. I just don't think making I don't think the CEO making that comparison to Poundier is where he should be spending his time as a shareholder. I'd rather him be spending his time showing people seems like the type of Oh, that's so mean. >> I thought that was hilarious, Spencer. >> Oh my god. >> All right, Steve. On valuation, >> people really think of me. >> No, people love you. I three we have 315 people watching. Uh probably 15 are here because they're like, "Hey, Roy. Yay." And 300 are for the milkman, Steve. So, >> let's do that. >> Uh yeah, but let's make the case as far as valuation. I'd love to see that. I I I mean, if you're just looking at the numbers and nothing else, it does look very attractive. >> Yeah. I mean, look, here's the thing. And it's the same thing with PayPal because I feel like it's on the road to be the next PayPal instead of where it should be. And PayPal is also grossly undervalued. So you can stop. You don't have to bring all those up, right? >> It is much harder when you are a $40 billion company >> to grow at a high pace than when you're a smaller company. And one of the other things that I believe is annoying him is that his revenue growth at 10%. Is more on an annualized basis than all the revenue that Palanteer generates in a current year. So they're actually growing their revenue by what Palanteer is generating. And when I look at the EPS growth, and I have it in my latest article, I'll put it up right now. Just let me know how big I need to make it. >> All right, let me add it. Uh, let me remove mine and add yours, maybe. Yeah, there. That's perfect, I think. All right. So, I compared Salesforce to the Mag 7, and they're expected to grow their EPS by almost 28% over the next two years. And they're trading at the cheapest valuation right now for 2025 earnings and under 17 times for 2027 just from a growth because everybody wants to say that you pay for growth. Okay. Well, profitability is more important than freaking sales growth at that point when you're a $40 billion company. Now, when you're a two or three billion dollar company, I'd rather see topline growth expanding with the ability to expand your operating margins after you do a few tweaks. But at this point, Salesforce is not a young company. So, EPS growth is very important. And the fact that they're 40 billion and they're still able to grow their top line at 10%. I mean, this is a lot of growth and you're getting a great valuation for the numbers. They are doing a big buyback campaign. I think around seven half billion dollars and when I look at this, this is not a company that's dying at all. They're generating a ton of profitability. They have great margins. They have topline growth and they're utilizing their capital to buy back shares and pay a dividend. And I believe that they're going to upsell a lot of clients at Dreamforce because I do think that they are being looked at as just a content management system, not necessarily a company that has the ability to implement AI for a lot of different things. And I think they're going to be able to increase their net dollar retention. I think and I said it before the earnings I think Dreamforce is more important than the earnings this year for this quarter and I'm more interested in what comes out of Dreamforce versus what he says on the earnings call because he's got all the decision makers for all the companies he does business with going there. So, if he can get the buy in about what their stack is going to look like and what you're going to be able to do with their AI platform between um Agent Force and um the other thing that they're doing, which is escaping my mind at the moment, I think that they're going to do really well, but based on the numbers, this is true value territory. Uh, so do you think most of what they're doing at Dream Force is just trying to show off Agent Force more to drive um that vector because they only have five under five uh penetration or do you think there's something new that they'll release or just not sure? >> I mean they shut basically shut down San Francisco every year at this point with this and all their big clients go. It's a huge thing. So, I'm hoping that they are able to really get a lot of CIOS interest. I mean, there's some really interesting things. I mean, some of the stuff from the quarter was CRM secured 12,500 deals with more than 6,000 through agent force. And look, that indicates that there is a transition from pilot to production. Over 40% of Q2 bookings for data cloud and Agent Force originated from existing customers. So if they can get that to expand, I do think that they're going to be locking people in for the long haul. And this is a company that really has some really good years ahead of it. Let's not forget this quarter alone in three months they returned 2.6 billion to shareholders, 2.2 2 billion in buybacks, 399 million in dividends. >> What's their uh buyback yield? >> Uh I I have no idea what their buyback yield is. I haven't done it. I could do it if you want, but they're doing right now they're about um 8.8 billion in buybacks a year at this run rate. So off the revenue for 41 billion. I mean, >> yeah, >> it's not but it's solid. Yeah. >> 19% or so. So >> yeah, APA is another very undervalued company. >> Yeah, we'll we'll maybe spend like five minutes at the end just I'll ask uh two things to you on that. But yeah, sure. >> Yeah. So So keep going. >> Yeah. So I mean look, this is a company and this is where I see an opportunity. So think about this. Over the past five years, stock market is up what doubled basically roughly. You have a lot of companies that have done really well. Can you pull up what the S&P has done over the past five years? >> Uh, yeah. I >> think it's like 102% or something like that. >> Yeah. Uh, oh, that that actually doesn't go out fiveyear. Let me And that I didn't share it. >> Hold on. That's >> Yeah. 102.98%. >> Yep. >> So, over the past five years, Salesforce is down 2%. when you could have just invested in an S&P index fund and doubled your money, more than doubled your money, and my numbers not including the little 1.4% dividend. But in that time where Salesforce has declined by 2%, their revenue grew by 85.87%. Their free cash flow grew by 206%. and they're trading at such a low valuation. It just I don't think it's going to stay at this level, especially when what's really changed from when they were at 350 less than what six months ago. >> Yeah. Uh like >> that that's the thing is like uh on the short term uh the narrative is really what drives stocks more than anything else. Uh you could have no no fundamentals, no fundamental reason, but for some reason the narrative >> shifts. That's not sustainable though without fundamentals at some point. >> Needs to change the narrative. You hit on that. >> And so like mission force seems to be beyond like the the weird engagement which frankly I don't think is working for Beni off. Uh mission force is one of those things where you know they're going after uh some a lot more government cells specifically like before they had those that just wasn't really a focus. Uh it seems like they're trying to replicate some of what Palanteer has been able to do. Do you think mission force is going to be enough? Do you think that that'll be received by the market or like how would we tell that that is working? >> I don't know. I think that I want to see what comes out of Dreamforce. I'm interested to see what he says on Kramer because look, people don't like Kramer, but he has the best interviews with CEOs. At the end of the day, he has the most spends a lot of time with them. They give insightful information. We know that he'll be out there for Dreamforce because he goes out every year. I'm really interested to see what comes out and then I'm interested to see what happens on Q4 earnings because right now Q3 is wrapping up. So, I'm not concerned about Q3 earnings call. Dreamforce is going to be at the end of Q3. I want to see what they say on Q4. How many PE What did they do? What how is the market responding to it? But I don't think Salesforce is going lower at this point. I mean, I think it's pretty much sure it could, but basically where it's trading, I don't know that it can get any more any of a darker cloud around it than it already has. >> Yeah. the the only thing that I think would be like total macro like we end up heading having having like a big recession or something but beyond that >> the the only thing that really would is you know if we start looking at valuation metrics like if if we say okay for you had 19 which is fair um if for some reason there's something that that we look at and find that they're not >> I have 21.57 for this year I had my forward number was for two um 2027. >> Yeah. Okay. Okay. No, that that makes more sense than Steve. Yeah. And that of course that's just uh an estimate anyway. So if yours are slightly different, that's not uncommon. But yeah, uh I'm not sure what would really shift that because usually like even with not massive breakthroughs or anything like that, they're still have quite a bit of they don't call it net dollar retention, but they call it something similar. Uh but but that like reselling to their their previous customers, upping the charges, selling them more services. Um I think the market would have to see massive disruption from AI. And frankly, like CRM, >> I don't know anybody that loves the product at all, like period. I was somebody >> But yeah, exactly. Everybody uses it. You kind of hate it, but it kind of works. It works well enough that a lot of organizations are not just going to ditch this. No, I think over time, you know, unless they actually improve their their bottom line, their their uh products, you know, over 10 years, yeah, I could see fewer people using it, but like over the next few years, I don't think so. So, >> bring up my screen real quick. >> Yeah. Let me remove. >> And keep in mind, the numbers that I give, they're not my numbers. Like, I'm not making numbers up. So, this is the analyst estimates for revenue right here. You have a lot of estimates. 51 analysts for this year, 51 analysts for next year, 28 analyst for the year after. I mean, >> yeah, that's >> it may not be 40 50% growth, but the last time I checked, this is 3 point around 3.75 billion in year-over-year growth, which is a lot for a company that's doing $41 billion. And when you go to EPS, because of the buybacks, they're able to generate on a projective level double digits. The analysts are projecting doubledigit revenue growth. And I don't go past three years because the analysts drop off, but you still have 26 analysts that are throwing out a double- digit growth rate three years from now. So there's still a lot of growth in the analyst community's eyes that studied this company more than me. >> Yeah. >> And I wouldn't bet against that. And honestly, like you made a good point, too. And bidding off says this, too. You know, his organization is really big. So, barring something like Nvidia went through, your massive company is not going to grow 50% year-over-year in terms of revenue. That doesn't happen. >> Unicorn stuff. >> Yeah. Uh, so like but that kind of growth like PayPal would kill for that growth. Like that that'd be phenomenal. I think PayPal would not be in the gutter right now if it was >> another one that's misunderstood. >> Yeah. So it's solid. Uh I think it, you know, likely analysts are at least close, you know, if they're a little bit off. Uh if so, it looks like it trades at a discount. Just the question is then the narrative shift. >> Yeah. I mean, look, the problem with PayPal is they have the EPS growth, they have the free cash flow generation, but their topline revenue growth. >> It's not teetering on double digit. It's mid single digit. And that's the problem right now, especially with the narrative around stable coins and everything else. And >> yeah, >> they need to take the company freaking private is what they need to do. Like I and I hate saying that because it's a great company. It truly should be trading closer to 100. It really should maybe 115 120 certainly not 68 but at the same time I wouldn't be surprised if it falls to 60. Like you need to tell your twin that he needs to take me seriously and his only saving grace at this point because nobody's respecting this company turn it into a dividend monster. He's nothing else is working. >> Yeah. I I I don't know. It sounded like something shifted. Uh I believe it was his uh fireside chat and the most recent one that he had I think about three weeks ago. Uh he was asked about that and they said that they were considering dividends. Uh so I I think that probably what they'll start with Steve especially because they're so undervalued they can buy back greedly at this point and I I don't man it's hard for me to see them trading at this range after quarter four earnings come out the guide for the next year. Uh but you who knows uh but they may do like an Nvidia type of dividend and then like each year increase it actually quite a bit especially as or if the stock price rises. I they can make it a monster if they want to if they go that direction. And I think you know for for PayPal at some point I wouldn't buy PayPal for this because I think it's a mistake to buy a company for what they're not doing and hope that they're doing it. Uh but uh it's very likely going to be a dividend stock in a couple of years at the very least. So um did on on CRM before we I wouldn't mind talking more uh PayPal with you and I wanted to ask you about that Google partnership and ads too. Uh but uh for CRM is there anything else that stands out to you beyond Dreamforce that you're looking for uh indicator that that maybe things are changing pivoting or is it just undervalued weight and see what if the market changes? Dreamforce is the event that everybody's going to. Everybody's talking to their sales reps and coming out of Dreamforce, people are going to be lining up meetings with their sales reps. It is the most important thing right now for Salesforce to change the narrative. And quite honestly, Benny Off should have reached out to some big people on YouTube and had them come out there and start a buzz. >> I mean, it cost him nothing to do it. >> Yeah. And there's enough guys I mean like it's most people would not >> have sir Joseph Carlson go out there. >> Yeah. Honestly, >> you know, get him out there, have him ask questions, get a fireside panel, whatever. I think that they should do it. >> Yep. Yeah. If they're listening, take Steve's advice and do it. Um if if you want retail buzz, and I think that's probably what they're going for. So, um it's hard though. like Salesforce. It's just it's not that of exciting of a company and the the actual technology is really not that exciting. So, but you could still get a bus. >> Yeah, it's still a great company with tremendous amount of profitability. And look at the bottom line is whenever you invest in a company, you're paying the current price for and the current value for all the future cash flow it produces. >> Yeah. And I think people tend to forget that like you're not just buying a ticker or buying a company name. You're buying all their future profitability. Salesforce puts up a tremendous amount of profitability. >> Let me pull up um people are asking where to find you and uh where to see your articles. Let me give you guys his handle real quick. >> Full tail. Yes, it's a side gig. And here I'll show that. So be sure to follow him there. The seeking alpha leak is right there. Uh this man writes gold. I don't always agree. Uh but other than his silly Robin Hood article that he wrote a couple months ago. >> What do you mean? I was very bullish on it. >> It was about three sentences. >> The my Robin Hood article. No, it wasn't. >> It was like three or four sentences. Yeah. It was the shortest thing I've ever read of Alpha ever. I was like, why did they >> June June 20th? >> You didn't even read it. >> I I'm pretty sure I did. Maybe I'm wrong. Maybe I >> Dude, now now I got to share my screen. >> You didn't even read it. Your favorite company. >> Here we go. >> Oh, let me remove. There we go. Add there. There. Perfect. >> Three senses. >> Oops. Uh, yeah. Oh, wow. >> Yeah. Okay. I missed it then. >> I don't know why, but it didn't show. >> I must have not been logged in. >> I went pretty deep on this. >> Yeah, man. I'm I'm just wrong there, Steve. >> Like, I went really deep in the paint on this, >> man. No, I I got to go back and read it then. I I read it and I was like, "Oh, that's a silly article, but I must have not been logged in. He gave it an editor's pick. That's how deep in the pain I went. >> Yeah. >> And it's up 59% since then. Jeez. Crazy. >> Yeah. That's the craziest thing, man. I We tried to get you in early, but at least you see it now. >> You guys tried >> I I know you've been using Hood some too. You see the thesis there. It's clear that the company is excellent. Um, is there a point? >> Can you bring that up? Why is this guy Arthur Rogers trolling me? Freaking PA. I never wrote an article on Plains All American and deleted it. Why would I do that? I've written over a thousand articles on stuff. I've never once written an article and deleted it. >> Yeah. I I don't know what is with you. I think he's he's a Joseph Carlson fan and >> probably >> Yeah, >> which is Oh, here is Thank you, Duck. That's >> Steve tried to debate him and got exposed. Um, you should go back and read everything. Like, I don't I don't know what to tell you. You should read everything. He did not want to talk. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. >> I love this comment here. Did Steve just try to sabotage Joseph Carlson? >> Oh, no. I know that people say that he's a big Salesforce guy. He should go, Sir Joseph Carlson should go out there and have him come out there with other people. >> Yeah. >> I mean, I I truly think that. >> Oh, yeah. No, I I think that'd be good. You should embrace that. >> And and and I know he may not be your favorite, but I think a lot of people listen to Joseph Carlson and he's a really level. >> I've never listened to his stuff. Um I I hope that he's good and I hope that people enjoy what he says. >> I think your name is is catching on, but yeah, I I agree. So anyway, um >> Joseph Carlson. >> Yeah. So CRM, I think we're actually more in agreement than I expected. Um, that Benoff should stop acting weird. Uh, if he wants retail, >> Ben off needs to knock it off and focus on >> get somebody like Joseph Carlson. I don't know like if mission force and agent force are really going to be enough, but a lot of growth is is pretty much inevitable for CRM over the short term. So really the question is if the narrative changes, but um >> that's going to be the biggest thing. They got to get the narrative to change >> there. there. Um there are, you know, more details as well. You know, if you guys are on Seek King Alpha, uh not a sponsor or anything, but read Steve's article on it. He breaks down, he showed you um very little of what he actually uh breaks down. He he goes deeply in there, and I'm I can't remember, but I'm guessing that you use Coke valuation at some point. >> What valuation? >> Coke. I I don't know. I I see >> for which company >> um in your CRM article. Um, did I I sometimes I do throw I'm looking at the wrong >> You always throw Coke in. It's like >> a lot of times when tech is undervalued, I'll make a comparison to Coke or Proctor and Gamble or Costco or Walmart only because you're paying a higher valuation for something with less growth and that does less in profit. That's why I throw them in there. So, hold on. >> Yeah. >> No, I didn't throw it in this time. It was probably the last one I threw it in. >> Yeah, it's more often than not. I think it's hilarious. >> No, I do it a lot because it it just goes to show you, you know, and it goes back to my whole thing with Nvidia versus Costco. Like, I'm sorry, but Costco's trading at what 45 times 2027 earnings and has like 22% or 24% forward growth over that period, something like that. And Nvidia's got 67% and trades at 23 times 2027 earnings. And oh, wait. They do all of Costco's net income in like 20 days. >> Yeah. >> Oh, I'm sorry. No, no, not 20 days. They do all of Costco's net income in like 11 days. Sorry. Something like that. >> Even better. >> No, I think 20. It's probably 20. Around 20. But it's it's insane. like the idea that we're going to pay or whatever. We don't have to go down that whole rabbit hole again, but that's why I use the old world companies because you end up paying so much more for companies that are not growing as quickly. And this isn't a new company that is in hyperrowth mode. You're talking about cash cows here. Salesforce is a cash cow. It generates over 10 billion in free cash flow. How many companies generate over 10 billion in free cash flow? >> There's a handful. But yeah, >> not many. Maybe 30, >> if that. Something like that. I mean, they're in an elite group right there. >> And they're big enough like average people on the street would have heard of most of them. So, yeah. >> Yeah. I just I think that there's some value plays, but I I'm not seeing the deals or the opportunities that I did last year. I think the market's changed. I think we've had a ter tremendous year and a lot of things have done really well and there just aren't the obvious plays. >> Yeah. Like SoFi. >> SoFi was obvious. >> Now, I obviously had a different opinion about what I wanted to see out of SoFi. I'm not complaining about where it is. >> Um, >> but SoFi it's $7 or $10. I mean, it was it was obvious. All right. So, let's talk PayPal. And let's start off with this, Steve, because you you find both undervalued. We talked a little bit about PayPal like 10 minutes ago. And uh if you had to pick one uh just for the next short, let's say let's say 10 years or let's say five years. Five years is a good average. >> Five years. >> Yeah. PayPal or Sierra. >> I gota I still got to go CRM. Okay. All right. Yeah, I thought you'd go PayPal, but why CRM over PayPal? >> So, the problem is that I think it's going to be harder for PayPal to change the narrative than CRM. That's why I'm going to say CRM. PayPal's got tremendous competition. And even though they're still growing, nothing they've done has been able to change the way the market's viewing them. and they're not doing anything that is making the analyst community think that they're going to be able to grow at a quicker rate than mid single digits on a year-over-year basis. Salesforce, on the other hand, is growing at around 10 or 11%. and has the ability to potentially increase that through their AI offerings. And they're generating more free cash flow than PayPal, roughly double. They're doing a little bit more in buybacks. I think around 8.8 versus six or seven billion for PayPal. So, it's a little bit more in buybacks. You're getting a little bit of a dividend, which it isn't much, but it's something. And I just think it's a little bit more sticky right now. And the problem with PayPal is it's down so much and this thing is down 80% or 85%. Nobody wanted to bottom feed on it. Like nothing it's done has gotten the market excited and the numbers are so good for just a business. Like let's not think about, oh well they're not growing at 50%. Yeah, they're not a new company. like they're still a huge profitable company. You're getting tremendous value out of them. They're buying back a tremendous amount of shares every year. And at this rate, they're what's their buyback yield? 20%. >> I mean, it it's just it's crazy to think that the market is not respecting it at all. And that makes me worried. buyback yield is about 8% uh less SPC. So 8% net which is ridiculous. >> I'm talking about market cap. >> Oh market cap what they're doing cap is what like 60 70 billion. >> Um it's like three billion. >> Right around 63 billion. >> All right. So 63 and they're buying back what what 7 billion this year? >> Um six billion this year. Yeah. >> Okay. which >> 16 17% of market cap they're buying back in one year. >> Well, so their market cap is six 63 64 billion. They're buying back six billion. So that's 10% SBC's uh it's actually a little bit higher this year. I think it's 1.9%. Um >> hold on >> something close to that. It's a little >> what I think so I want to talk you know the the Google ads there are Google partnership the ads uh in just a minute I don't want to go like too too long tonight um what I think might change it if if numbers do valuation does and at some point value does matter uh beyond you know your idea of a massive dividend or saying we're going to take the company private uh I I believe will be like that quarter four moment maybe quarter three as Uh if you look at analyst expectations, they're very very low for PayPal. Uh it's not well tracked and they baked nothing in from ads. Now ads, it's it's partly PayPal's own fault. You know, they they have an amazing guy there. I have no doubt they're going to do really well, but they've not told anyone how really how well they're doing other than just like little tiny glimpses. They've not guided for it over the short term, that's fine. But if they don't say or guide for it at all in quarter four, at that point I'll be like, "What are you guys doing?" like at least tell us when the revenue starts hitting, what what you're guiding for, what you're hoping to do this year. Put it out there so the market knows because how can the market actually put a valuation on it if you're being silent and close lip which I I understand they want to make sure there's points in the board, but I think by quarter four earnings in January, there will be enough time. So if in January they show, okay, we're guiding conservatively, we're consistently bidding that free cash flow has come in in the last two quarters because you look at what they reiterated as far as guidance of $7 billion. Uh that they will have about $5.5 billion over two quarters for free cash flow. They do that, they continue to see the margins uh do just fine. Uh and then with guidance, they're like, "Hey, we're growing a lot faster than you guys expect. case in point. Here is what we're doing for fastlane. Here's what's happening for PayPal ads. Here's what's happening for agent commerce. It's small, but we wanted to throw that out there. They put that kind of clarity on that with all these new products, knowing where they're at, what they're looking to drive at. Knowing that these guys very conservatively and basically underpromise overd deliver, I think that that's going to get the market pretty excited, especially when they're guiding for, you know, like that double digit revenue growth. So if if not then I mean eventually it'll either happen or it'll go private but um yeah >> they should take it private because at this point they're going to buy back the entire company in 11 years. >> Yeah maybe faster keeps increasing >> like Alex Chris like you can say a lot of things about Alex Chris but like the free cash flow is just immense. It was stagnant for the longest time despite COVID. Uh Schulman like the whole tech stack was fractured and Alex Chris comes in and immediately begins to drive profitable margin growth which translates to free cash flow which I appreciate as an investor. They can do a lot with that. But yeah, I I think two more quarters uh we'll see inflection. Now I was also kind of wondering Steve Oh, let me reshare here. I'm not sure if you saw the press or read the presser. I'm sure you at least heard about this. >> I saw. >> Yeah. Google and PayPal forge multi-year partnership to revolutionize commerce. And the bottom line is it's it's kind of a trade-off. >> Why hasn't Alphabet or Apple just bought PayPal? >> Um, it's regulators. >> You think it's regulators? >> Yeah. Otherwise, I don't know if they would necessarily, but I mean, >> it would be a great acquisition for either company >> because think about it. You're buying them for such a cheap valuation. The free cash flow is accredited right away. You're not really changing anything in the business model and you're streamlining your your payments. >> Yeah. No, I I mean like I think if not for regulators, there would have at least been offers made uh that would have to be considered. um these are large enough companies they could afford to just gobble up PayPal very easily. Um I I kind of hope that doesn't happen but I mean and and again like if it wasn't for regulators I think it would have already happened probably but yeah here um it's a bit of a >> tra third grade with me. >> Okay. >> Uh if he needs to be removed Steve let me know. Uh if he >> No, I mean listen I don't really care. I just think it's crazy this guy's saying he went to third grade with me. I mean, I don't know this guy. >> So, uh the main thing is basically PayPal is using uh more Google cloud and so they partner on a deeper level there and and they also get Google AI products to enhance services and security. Don't know what that means but that's cool. And then for PayPal, this is what happened which uh I think is really cool. uh they become one of the key uh payment service providers across products like Google cloud, Google ads and Google play those are really good places to be uh of course agentic shopping and commerce experiences so very similar to what they have uh already in store with perplexity so immediately we saw you know the stock go up you know about three four 5% fell down to about 3% overnight you know was up about 3% couple of anists came out and they said hey this isn't going to drive any revenue at all over the short term which Not sure how they would say that with them becoming one of the key payment service providers. Now, we don't know how much they were using PayPal. I know that they were using it some, but I think it was mostly Stripe and Aden. Uh, nevertheless, like that's a clear volume driver TPV at the very least. Uh, so but nevertheless, uh, PayPal was >> I mean, this is just pressing PayPal is tra before I make that statement. Hold on. >> 10.5. Remember the number 10.5. They're trading at a lower valuation than Freaking Out Tria Group, a cigarette company. >> Yep. >> It is just I don't know. This is crazy. >> It is. Um >> so yeah, I I thought that I thought, well, okay, maybe it won't take until quarter 4 earnings when they post that when they show guidance. Maybe this will be the momentum change. And it seems like that's not the case. So, what what did you think about this partnership between PayPal and Google? Um, did it and and why do you think it didn't really shift the needle as far as the market's concerned? >> I don't know. I'd have to look more into it. I mean, it seems bullish for PayPal. And >> I don't know. The market just doesn't care. And I think a lot of it's all the stable coin stuff. I think a lot of it is the unknown about what's going to happen with payments and how these other companies are going to do things. PayPal should be trading a lot higher than it is based on the numbers and it's not and it worries me that they can't get anything going and it's been sideways since earnings. >> Yeah. So uh you know this is one of those questions where and see talked about earlier like the the market believes that there's a lot of disruption happening at PayPal a lot of on the crypto uh front uh with stablecoin. PayPal launched their own stable coin back in 2023 in August. So they were ahead. Now they've done a lot less with it than I expected but they are beginning to do quite a bit. They of course announced pay by crypto which I think was more defensive than anything because of some of the stuff happening with stable coins uh and also PayPal world as well. So you they're not just sitting around waiting to be devoured. Uh they've gone on offensive as well. But yeah, I think the market really needs to see uh those new products or at least some of those new products take off and for you know of course then have more certainty on the margins on the take rate to make sure that those things are level. But yeah, this I I don't know like somebody had mentioned and and it it's true like Google has a lot of partnerships with payment service providers. Once your organization gets to a certain size, you have partnerships with Adion and Stripe and Brainree which is owned by PayPal or maybe like some other those are the big three that's like 99% of that not not quite 99 but um they at this point basically have to use an orchestration model because they need 100% uptime no matter what. So if Aden has problems or starts ripping them off, they can shift over to Brainree more or Stripe more. That's just the way this is done. So the shift here is PayPal becoming one of the key uh payment service providers. We don't know exactly what that means, if they're like using Brainree at 5%, they're upping it to like 15 20%. Uh or if this means, you know, something else as well. But one thing is clear is this is a positive for PayPal that we're going to see more volume and Google is not small. These products that are mentioned are not small at all. So u yeah they have partnerships with others. The word key there is the key. >> Yeah, I think you and I agree a lot about PayPal. I think the one thing we disagree on is the dividend. And I know that you'd be okay with a small one. At this point, they've done everything that they can and nothing's getting anything excited. The buybacks are not getting the market excited. They've been buying back a ton of shares year after year and the stock still falls. And I think it's time for them just to try a big dividend, go half and half. And I did the numbers in my last article. They can do, I think, a three and a half or 4% yield and still buy back three billion worth of shares. They could even go up four and a half or 5% and still buy back two billion worth of shares. And if they get off the bat a 3 and a half or 4% dividend, they'll automatically be added into some pretty big dividend ETFs. the Schwab one, the Vanguard one, a lot of the dividend ones will add them and that will create inflows and you'll get a whole another segment of the market interested because you have over 7 trillion sent on the sidelines in money markets that doesn't include other risk-free assets. the Fed is going to keep cutting and eventually some of that capital is going to come back into the capital markets because they're going to look to recreate the income that they're generating and getting a yield from PayPal. And if they say they'll be a dividend growth company, we're going to start off at 4%. We'reend every year, people are going to look at that be like, wait, this company's financially solvent. They have huge free cash flow. They have EPS growth and they're going to pay me 4 percent and grow the dividend and they look undervalued and they're trading at 12 times earnings. Sign me up. That will create buzz. Nothing else that they've done has created buzz. So, I really think that they need to do that. >> Yeah, some people think Sydney Sweeney would create buzz for them too, but maybe the wrong kind. So, Steve, last question and it was kind of a funny comment of BMR should buy PayPal. Have you joined the cult of BMR yet? >> You're joking, right? >> No. >> Really? >> Yeah. >> Who do you think got everybody to buy BMR? >> You're the the lynchpin, the architect, the godfather. >> All right. >> I called him in and I said, "I'm buying ETH." And then I called him in. I said, "I'm buying BMR." I called Chris and I said the same thing. I put out an article about BMR. When did I put it out? >> I didn't see it. Yeah, it's probably last week. Uh or when I was traveling, uh the prior week, >> um August 18th, a month ago, >> I put out an article on BMR. >> Okay. >> I went really down the rabbit hole on it. >> Yeah, I I may be the Pope of BMR. Uh, Steve is a godfather though. So, >> so you know, Matt, I didn't abandon XRP. I still have XRP. What's going on here? >> Ah, Steve to zero. Well, I don't think so. >> No, BMR. I'm in it. I've been in it and I'm buying more long term. I think it's going to be really good. I'm really excited. And look, I I think Ethereum is the thing that changed my tune was the Genius Act. I read through it. I looked through everything that these companies are doing. I looked at who's building on layer two and it all just makes sense. >> Um yeah, and I I don't know that we talked we not talked about BMR. So that's uh I didn't know that. It just went right over my head. So I'll have to read your article. Uh, one of those things that you probably heard, but maybe you didn't, which was really interesting to me, is I went into the Vegas conference and there's all sorts of different uh, stocks that are talked at at the Robin Hood conference, but the number one stock that was on people's mind was BMR. And most of those conversations, Steve, sounded like I've had these also, you know, around with some of the guys who ended up buying into the cult. But, uh, they're like, "Okay, we're not really crypto guys, but we do get it with Ethereum, how it provides robbo value, and we trust Tom Lee, and so this is their first like crypto play of any kind." Uh, so that was pretty intriguing. uh were I mean the the thesis is so simple that guys that are not cry crypto at all uh get it Lee put it out there and it connected the dots for me of you know I was calling prior to this year this the the year of stablecoin which absolutely right on wasn't mine originally but I saw it too but I didn't really know how to capture the value from that >> do you listen to the bankless podcast at all >> oh yes you told me to yes I I started listening >> dude you listen to like two or three of their podcasts. You'll be eth pilt right down the go. I It's crazy. >> Yeah, I know. You mentioned it last uh actually last Friday. Uh we just weren't talking BMR. So, yeah. Uh thank >> I'm I'm in it. Um >> yeah, thanks for getting Chris. >> Yeah. >> And look, I I think Eat's gonna do very good, too. >> So, we'll see. >> A lot of bulls in the comments, too. But I think we'll keep it short there, Steve, unless there was anything else you want to >> I did hear that uh somebody brought me up at the uh Robin Hood conference and told one of the executives that one of their friends thinks uh the Robin Hood platforms for kids, but they use it for crypto because it's cheaper than Coinbase. >> I I may have been there when that story and I may know the person you're referring to. So yes, >> hilarious. But no, listen, I'll give Robin Hood its credit. Um, it is extremely easy to use, is extremely efficient to use, and it is significantly cheaper than Coinbase. >> Yeah. >> So, yeah, I'm very impressed with how cheap they're they are. >> Yeah, cheap, easy to use. Um, it's it's a good platform. So, all right. Uh, we will then keep it short and sweet there. I've got Steve's X down in the comments. If you don't follow him already, be sure you do so. Especially check out uh what he does on Seeking Alpha. Great articles, including one that I missed on BMR. So, I have to go check that out. Steve, Steve, as always, thanks for joining us and we'll see you next
