---
ticker: CRM
type: youtube
title: "Salesforce Q4 and FY26 Financial Results"
channel: "Salesforce"
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5s_t8Jw3vNc
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 78211
---

# Salesforce Q4 and FY26 Financial Results

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Salesforce
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5s_t8Jw3vNc

## 转录全文

Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today on our fiscal 2026 fourth quarter results conference call. We are trying out a new format today and as such have shortened our prepared remarks to ensure we have time for your questions. Our press release SEC filings and a replay of today's call can be found on our website. Joining me on the call today are Mark Beni off chair and CEO and Rob Washington, chief operating and finance officer. We also have Miguel Milano, president and chief revenue officer, and Patrick Stokes, president and chief marketing officer, joining us for the Q&amp;A portion of the call. Some of our com comments today may contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, which could change. Should any of these risks materialize or should our assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual company results or outcomes could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. A description of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions and other factors that could affect our financial results or outcomes is included in our SEC filings, including our most recent report on forms 10K, 10Q, and other SEC filings, except as required by law, we do not undertake any responsibility to update these forward-looking statements. As a reminder, our commentary today will include non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations between our GAP and non-GAAP results and guidance can be found in our earnings materials and our press release. And with that, let me hand the call to Mark. All right, thanks so much, Mike. We're so thrilled to be here with everybody. And I'll tell you what, we're here in this beautiful San Francisco on the 60th floor of Salesforce Tower. And it is a gorgeous day, uh 70°, the AI capital of the world, and uh we're coming here to you live. Really excited about everything that's going on. So let's start with the highlights from one of the absolute best years in our history and one of the best performances in software ever and guiding one of the best performances in software ever. We have delivered phenomenal performance across revenue across margin expansion across cash flow and CRPO and RPO. I mean the numbers are really incredible. For the full year we delivered 41.5 billion in revenue up 10% year-over-year 9% constant currency. We had 11.2 billion in revenue for the fourth quarter, up 12% year-over-year, 10% constant currency. CRPO rose to 35.1 billion, up 16% year-over-year, and 13% in constant currency. And we passed an incredible milestone with 72 billion in total RPO, which is up 14% yearover-year. Now, that is 72 billion in total RPO up 14% year-over-year. In case you missed that point, I did read a tweet that RPO does not matter, but evidently we have it if it does matter. So, total RPO 72 billion. Last year, we laid out a path towards double-digit revenue growth by the second half of fiscal year 27, and we're hitting our marks. And based on our strong Q4 performance in the fast start with Informatica, we're updating our fiscal year 30 revenue target to 63 billion. Now that means we've only spending two years of the 40s. Kind of hard to believe. I have never seen performance like this, but this obviously is not a rational market. We all know this. So we're using our remarkable cash flows to take advantage. You know, this is not our first SAS apocalypse. We have been through many SAS apocalypses. You know, I remember the horrible SAS apocalypse of 2020 when not only the software industry was dying, but we were all dying. But we made it through that. And now everyone is back doing great. So, we're so grateful to make it through that. And we're going to make it through this one as well. And it's just an a great marketing opportunity and a great buying opportunity. And that's why we are doing this incredible repurchase authorization of $50 billion. In fiscal year 26, we returned more than $14 billion or 99% of our free cash flow to shareholders. Thank you, Robin, for that. And today, we're increasing our share repurchase authorization to $50 billion because these are some low prices. So, Robin, we'll share more about that in a moment. The biggest brands in the world are choosing Salesforce to lead their agentic transformation. Companies like Amazon, Ford, AT&amp;T, Madna, GM, Fizer, so many. And these are big deals. In Q4, wins over a million were up 206% year-over-year. That's just so we know. In Q4, wins over a million were up 26% year-over-year. Congratulations, Miguel. Wins over 10 million were up 33% year-over-year. For example, the US Army run by Army Secretary Dan Driscoll is doing an amazing job has awarded us a 10-year indefinite delivery indefinite quantity contract with a ceiling of 5.6 billion. Thank you, Dan. This level of financial performance is a clear signal, a clear signal that companies across every industry and region are investing in Salesforce to become Agentic Enterprises. Just like we've been talking about now for two years at Dreamforce that the Agentic Enterprise is a real idea and we're going to talk about Agent Force and I think it just became an $800 million business. We're going to talk about that. You've heard me talk about it at Dreamforce and on these calls. Our vision of humans and agents working together for years. Companies bought apps. We all use apps. I've got apps right here on my phone. I've got apps on my computer. But now I'm using apps and agents. I use them at home. I use them in my company. We could talking about that. That is a reality. We have a we have 83,000 employees here at Salesforce humans. And we have lots of agents running around as well. Miguel qualified 50,000 leads this week with agents. So we have apps and agents. We have humans and agents working together. We've been talking about that at Dreamforce as well. And this is just an incredible opportunity for Salesforce. Our market is bigger than ever because not only we selling apps, we're selling apps and agents. So bringing humans, agents, apps, and data together, not just to make people better at their jobs, but to redefine how work gets done. This is just an incredible exciting moment in software. So we're seeing incredible demand for Agent Force. In its first 15 months, we closed 29,000 deals, up 50% year quarter over quarter. Customers in production have increased as well nearly 50% in Q4. It can do more has more power, more capability than ever. If you haven't seen the new Agent Force, you haven't seen Agent Force. The level of determinism, the voice capabilities, Agent Force Studio, Agent Force Builder. We are spending a huge amount of time on Agent Force. I just saw the new Agent Force uh demos from our team. It was incredible. We even have Agent Force running in Slack. We have Agent Force Builder running in Slack. We have amazing things happening and our agent force and data 360 ARR including Informatica now exceeds 2.9 billion. I heard ARR doesn't matter anymore but in case it does we have 2.9 billion up 200% year-over-year. More than 75% of our top 100 wins in Q4 included both Agent Force and Data 360. In a bit we're going to hear from three amazing customers. Windom, one of my very favorite customers in the world, the world's largest hotel chain. Shark Ninja, I just got one of their great new products. I'm sure you know about. They've got the best slushy machine, but one of the most innovative consumer product companies in the world. Ancestor, an incredible community of B2B software founders, executives, investors, and I think you all know that I love Jason, but I've never been more excited about our business here at Salesforce. No one else is delivering this level of capability at this scale to this many customers. And we are taking the power of the agentic enterprise of these apps and Salesforce and we're giving them the security, reliability, availability, scalability that you need to make them successful in business like ours, but in all businesses in small and medium businesses, in generalized businesses, and very large enterprises, in the government, and in ISVS as well. So this is a category that just did not really exist a year ago. You know, I will just say that look at IT service management. You know, we just launched Salesforce IT service in October. You know, Salesforce ITSM and in just a few months, Miguel has won over 180 customers. Amazing, Miguel. But I especially loved five customers who got to leave the purgatory of Service Now like Sunun, Cornerstone, Coolis, and there's others too that we're not allowed to mention, but I might mention them anyway who are leaving Service Now now for the new Salesforce IT service product, which is about apps and agents, helping you manage all your ITSM. But don't just think it's just that. We built an amazing new life sciences product this year. agent force for life sciences and since we launched so many of the global pharma companies and I've met with so many of the CEOs myself they're leaving Viva the purgatory of Viva including Astroenica Novartis Teada and of course Albert at fizer they're all saying that they are going to Salesforce life sciences which is a product that has apps and agents and this is amazing they are the most regulated businesses in the world and they're choosing Salesforce and you know over the There's I've met with untold numbers of customers, call it thousands, call it more than that. They used to tell me that maybe, okay, I I want to roll my own AI. I'm going to build my own model. I'm going to build my own agent. I said, tell me about that. Let me know how that goes. Show me exactly what you're doing. Or you can just turn it on in the Salesforce product you already have. You have SalesCloud, turn on the agents. You have ServiceCloud, turn on the agents. You have marketing cloud, turn on the agents. You have Slack, turn on Slackbot. And that idea that every app now has the capability to have agents. So customers tell me that they want to basically kind of get to that next level. And the way to do that is by including this context, the ability for the AI, the data to know you. No better example of that than Slackbot. Immediately as you turn it on, you're a Slack customer. It looks at all your Slack. It looks at your DMs. It looks through Salesforce. It looks through Google. It looks even that Microsoft Teams, as hard as that is for some agents to go and do, but it we've told them how to do it. And then it says, "I understand your business and I can give you help, advice, support." And in fact, a recent survey of a 100 CIOS found that the number of companies planning to use a platform like this. This idea of apps and agents has now doubled just in the last 18 months because because of this they realize this is more than just turning on Maltbot on your Mac Mini. Okay, which by the way I have a Mac and a setup is great. Open Claw I love it. But for companies who want to have the reliability, availability, security, okay, the sharing models, the key parts of that to really make sure that the business is safe and secure while you're running all these scaled agents. Well, let's just know that that is what Salesforce is doing. And that's why Salesforce has become one of these incredible companies because our platform provides these amazing four layers that you see right here that everyone needs to convert raw intelligence into real work. Everything they need to become an agentic enterprise. Just look at this. Look at what we've built. Look at what we have built. And thank you to our team. They have done a phenomenal job. Shiny can't be here because he's in India. He was at the India AI Summit this week. She could not make it back here in time. Look at what our engineering team has built. And thank you to them. Look at where it starts. First of all, yes, we can use all those large language models. We love them all. You know, we love all of our children equally. And down below here, whether it's anthropic or a open AI or mistral or llama, you know, uh all of them. And there's more coming. They're amazing. You know, world models are coming. They're amazing. They're all down below here. And we're using them. And then of course we bring them into data 360 and that lets you harmonize your data and integrate your data and federate that means connect into other data sources throughout your company and grab it you know other data repositories you might be using snowflake or data bricks you might be using big query or you know anything even IBM mainframes and you can bring it into data 360 activate your data and then it comes up into your apps. So if you're using the service app and you want to have an experience like helps salesforce.com for your company now the service app has that agentic capability the data is coming up and it comes up to the next level to agentforce and you can build your agents train your agents put the guard rails in your agents give them voice they can talk now they're talking and then all of a sudden you can even manage and orchestrate and collaborate from Slack. So this is our architecture and all of this is unified integrated and that idea that we can deliver this unified platform to our customers to help them deliver humans and agents working together. So you can see right here agent force has the tooling to build to manage to orchestrate the agents to make them talk to give them determinism you know to give them the capabilities that they want and then we have the engagement layer to deliver atic enterprises where work happens in Slack across our apps. If you haven't seen Slackbot you know I talked to a lot of customers like I don't see Slackbot why are you I have the free edition. And I'm like, well, maybe you should pay us and get the enterprise edition. Goes boom. That's when all the Slackbot turns on and you can go through your whole company, run your company. I had, you know, one of our customers over last night, Anneil Bushri at workday. I'm like, have you seen Slackbot, Anil? He's like, no, I haven't seen it yet. I'm like, you're the biggest Slack customer we have. I'm like, I had to sit there and say, look at this. And I'm like said to Slackbot, I'm having drinks with uh Anneil and I just am trying to like give him a demo of Slackbot. What should I say to him? what is the strategy between Salesforce and Workday. And then boom, boom, boom. It just went through the whole thing, showed him every deal. He couldn't believe everything that was happening between his our two companies. He had to get updated because he's the new CEO of Workday. And it was amazing. That was my real experience. You know, together all of this is the complete operating system for the Agentic Enterprise. Yes, I'm using it myself, you know, and we're using it. We're customer zero. And that's crucial because look, we already know now our customers aren't going to deploy just one agent. There's going to be many agents, many capabilities. The ability to automate many different types of work and they're going to deploy hundreds or thousands. Many are going to be from us. Others could be from other amazing companies, you know, like I one I just mentioned, workday. I love them. But these agents can't work in isolation. You know, like like ET, each one of them needs to phone home. Okay. So that home is Salesforce and they are calling us through the MCP server or maybe even just through one of our core platforms. And the more agents that our company deploys us or anyone else, the more essential our platform becomes. This is my personal testimonial. I'm giving you my personal testimonial of how I run Salesforce. You can come here. I will show you how I run a business with apps and agents together. And it's why nearly 90% 90% of Forb's top 50 AI companies Forb's top 50 AI companies use Salesforce and Slack. And if there is a SAS apocalypse, I think it might be eating being eaten by the SAS Sasquatch because there are a lot of companies using a lot of SAS because SAS just got a lot better with agents as a service. Now I won't get tell you exactly tell you what that you know says but let's just say there's SAS and there's also agents as a service. Now I want to tell you how we're measuring the value our platform delivers to customers today. We are one of the largest consumers of tokens in the world to date. Now over 19 trillion tokens. So we continue to show you that because we want you to see that we're actually doing what we say. I know that there's been some enterprise software companies who say they're doing agents or they're doing AI, but then they're not showing up in the token rankings from the lang language model companies, you know. So, we're here's 19 trillion. Okay. But we really want to take this to another level and another level is a token on its own doesn't know your customers, your pipeline, your org chart, but Salesforce does. And the value isn't in the token. The value is when what our platform does with it, the work. That's why today we're introducing an additional metric, the agentic work unit created by our very own Patrick Stokes sitting here at the table. The AWU, not to be confused with our customer AWS. And AWU represents one unit of AI work, agentic work unit. We're rolling this out to see how you like it actually here in earnings. It's a record updated, workflow triggered, decision made, MCP called, and to date AI agents on the Salesforce platform delivered 2.4 4 billion agentic work units. That is where AI isn't just thinking or calling things. It's getting work done, work done, transactions. And in Q4 alone, we delivered about 771 million of them. You know, we're still trying to exactly figure out exactly what these numbers mean for us. But what it means for me is that we are doing what we say. That is, we are explaining that humans and agents are working together. We are showing you a business at scale running them. We are showing them how we're making our business better. Our service is so much better this year because we're using our new service cloud with our omni channel supervisor deployed with agentforce. Our sales Miguel just hit record sales numbers. You can see them. We've never sold or had so much ACV in our history in the fourth quarter because not only does he has 15,000 account executives, but he has all these agents who are out there doing this amazing work. So that is so exciting. This is raw intelligence converted into real work. It's driving efficiency and growth. Okay. Now let me tell you about one of the biggest drivers of these work units. Slackbot. A lot of you use Slack. I use Slack every day. It's the employee ultimate employee agent. And many of you know that X, the social media platform, hosts about 500 million messages a day, right? Elon must do an amazing job on X. Incredible what he has done. But did you know that Slack hosts about a billion messages a day? So while X amazing X, I use it myself. I just tweeted something, you know, 500 million messages a day. Well, Slack is hosting a billion messages a day. And remember, every one of them is about getting work done. That's why we bought it. Remember, Slack's ticker symbol was work. Slackbot can access all of those messages as well as your files, your calendar, your Salesforce, your Google, your Microsoft Teams, your this, your that. Slackbot goes around, pulls it all together, and then it knows your business. So then it's able to orchestrate with other agents and has an incredible partner marketplace, really the number one AI ecosystem in the world, and has more than 350 AI apps and agents already. There is no other AI ecosystem like it. One of those partners is the great Anthropic. We love Anthropic. We love Daario. Daniela, I tweeted about what they did yesterday. Incredible demo. Just yesterday, Daario demonstrated how he is doing something amazing with Salesforce in the enterprise. Every single one of their demos, whether it was for HR, engineering, investment banking, started and ending in Slack. Pretty awesome. And so, it's about, you know, agents and apps, humans and agents, it's all working together. You can see it in his demos. You can see it in our demos. By the way, Enthropic runs its whole global operation on Salesforce and Slack. I think actually every AI company does. Yeah, I think they do. So, maybe you saw they're hiring a Salesforce admin, Daario. Let us know if you need new names. But I think it's uh just a point we're making that Salesforce is doing great with these AI companies. We're so thrilled of our relationship with Daario and um I think we just put another hundred million into the new round. We're up about $330 million into anthropic invested is almost about 1% of Enthropic. And believe me, I wish we had invested a lot more. John, I don't know why we didn't do more. Okay, with that, it's time we're going to hear from some of our most inspiring customers becoming Agentic Enterprises. We have the great Mark. Mark, I see you. Mark is there from Shark Ninja. Hey Mark. &gt;&gt; Hey Mark. Congratulations to you and your team. What a quarter. &gt;&gt; Mark. I'm so thrilled to talk to you and I love all your products and thank you for the Christmas presents. I have them and I'm using them. &gt;&gt; Appreciate it. I'm I'm really happy that uh you know so much of our uh you know holiday selling season was really driven by the launch of Salesforce that as you know happened at the end of September and you know would would love to talk to you about it. &gt;&gt; Well Mark you know that we've been working together now just me and you as well as with our whole sales team to make we can automate all of Shark Ninja. We want to automate your sales, service, marketing, your commerce everything you're doing. I'm so excited about your future. We have our best team working with you. give us a give us a your view of what's happened and the value we've been able to deliver. What's your biggest surprise? You know, what went in the slushy machine? What came out? Look, Mark, I mean, we launch 25 products a year and we're really innovating at speed and we need customer service solutions that move just as fast. I mean, most companies treat service as a cost center. For us, Mark, it's really about lifetime value of the consumer. I mean, we view service as a growth engine for the business and it's not just about serving, you know, servicing problems. It's about building lifetime value. We set up with you and your team a guided shopping agent in 8 weeks right before the holiday season. I was nervous about it as I went to my team and I said, "We're putting this in place in October." Uh there's generally kind of a cut off in our business where, you know, after October 1st, you don't really do anything. And we launched this in eight weeks and it it brought tremendous value to the consumer. I mean it helped them with researching and buying and troubleshooting really all in one seamless conversation. So it was a great success for us this holiday season. &gt;&gt; Well, Mark, you know, I think that working with you has been extremely interesting because you're very much a BTOC company and you know, there's so many exciting things that you're doing. Um, you know, when you look at what Salesforce has done and deployed, especially in regards to AI and agents and apps, you know, where has it really impacted you the the most? &gt;&gt; Well, look, I mean, let me start with this stat for you. I mean, just since we launched Salesforce in Q4, I mean, agents have participated in a quarter of a million consumer engagements during that period of time. So just in a really really short period of time, a quarter of a million engagements, you know, we put so many products out into the market and you know, sometimes that many products creates complexity for the consumer. And so whether they're calling about a service issue or a troubleshooting issue or a where's my order issue, um it's allowed our customer service agents to focus on really the the really challenging issues. Um, and it's freed up an enormous amount of time for them. It's a win for the consumer because the consumer is getting their questions answered quickly. They're not waiting and it's a win for us because it's driving down cost. Um, and it's in the end just having a better service experience. &gt;&gt; Well, Mark, I just want to thank you so much. We're so grateful to you as a customer of Salesforce. It has been an absolute pleasure getting to know you, working with you, and I think that we have such a great future together and and thank you for the Christmas presents. I'm using them. I made some amazing mango sorbet actually this week, and it was awesome. &gt;&gt; Sounds great. Thanks, Mark. &gt;&gt; Bye, Mark. Great to see you. &gt;&gt; Well, I've been so thrilled to work with Mark. But I have to also introduce you to another really good friend of mine, Jeff at Windham. And you probably heard from Jeff this week. He had a phenomenal quarter, doing great. The number one hotel in the world. Jeff, we are so thrilled. You know, Jeff, congratulations on everything that's going on with Windom. We're thrilled. Give us your vision of what's going on in the world and with Windom and and we'd love to hear how you're using Salesforce as well. Well, we have Mark, I mean, when you think about just how far we've come in the last year. Today we have over 5,000 deployments of AgentForce across our over 8,300 hotels. It is a huge huge part of our Agentic platform and and we are really just getting started. We're starting to roll out to Canada and internationally. But with Salesforce tools like Mulesoft and Data 360, we have built a single source of truth, unifying all of our guests reservation information and data, all of their loyalty information and all of their CRM data so that all of our agents now are operating with the same trusted and real time guest and hotel information which they weren't before. We're calling it Windham Guest 360. It is a key enabler for our agent foundry and it is delighting in better guest experiences, improving those experiences and building on increased loyalty engagement. But most importantly, Mark, you've talked a lot about about labor, which is agentic. It is taking millions of dollars of labor cost from our small business owners in the front office out of their operation. And it is driving millions of dollars of increased revenue for these franchises. &gt;&gt; Well, I just have to say, Mark, I just have to say this one thing, which is I have been hugely surprised at how fast you have gone, Jeff. We work with all the major hotel companies, and I love them all, and I stay in the mall. They're fantastic. I'm I'm actually going to stay at a Windham Hotel tonight. I'm flying east. But I have to ask you this question, Jeeoff, because I don't understand how are you going so fast. What are you doing? Is this because you're leading from the top? I mean, you seem to like, you know, I just talked from Mark at Shark Ninja. He really is owning this. Why are you guys going so fast? Why are you doing so well? I mean, it's just incredible lo. You're loading out these apps and agents. It's inc. Your team is crushing it. What is going on? We're we're in the hospitality business and we always say it's all about humans. Yes. But it is humans as you've always said with agents who are driving that customer success together. Think about our customers for before our integration with you all. Our agents had to spend time gathering basic guest information on who Mark Beni off was before he checked in tonight. And that was not easily at their fingertips or or even worse asking Mark for his information that we should have had. And our agents now have encyclopedic knowledge, think about it, of all of your guest history, all of your booking behavior, all of your loyalty status because we tied it all together. Giving us an ability to answer any question imaginable that that any guest like you might have before you check in tonight, before your stay in moments, not minutes. And and we're booking you into your preferred room based on our knowledge, our guest Salesforce knowledge of your past stay history. We are successfully working now. I hope to upsell you a sweet upgrade if we haven't already. An early check-in. Sounds like you're getting in late a late checkout tomorrow if you'd like one. I don't know if you're bringing if you have pets, but if if you were, those agents would be selling you a a a pet fee or an FNB amenity. &gt;&gt; Tell your dogs about that. They're going to jump they're going to jump in. &gt;&gt; But look, this is all being done autonomously, which which small business owners and operators would not have had time to do before. We we we have been working so hard. It is generating so much money. We're seeing faster average speeds of answer. Zero hold times. I've heard you talk a lot about why no customer should should wait. And that's why we're doing it. We're receiving and and we're removing more importantly millions and millions of dollars, as I said, in the in in the front office. But we're generating millions of dollars of increased ancillary revenues to these small business owners. It's not costing them that anything. And we're also seeing, which is really, really important, a 200 basis point increase in direct bookings from AI voice agents and and and AI voice agent conversion versus having to get those bookings through expensive third-party online travel agencies. That is increasing guest satisfaction. Our guest satisfaction scores are up 400 basis points. They've never been higher. And this customer experience that we've created is is more efficient. Again, humans with agents driving customer success. We're agent first and and we're very proud of it. &gt;&gt; Well, I just want to thank you so much, Jeff. Thank you. And thanks to your team because I'll tell you, it takes a great leader like you, but it also takes a great team. And you've got both. And you've made something really incredible happen. Great job. And congratulations. &gt;&gt; We're we're proud to be with you. our our chief uh commercial officer who was on stage with you at Dreamforce. Uh you did a great job and we'll be back this year. &gt;&gt; See you. I hope you come to Dreamforce this year. &gt;&gt; Bye, Jeff. &gt;&gt; All right. Well, you I want to now introduce you to an incredible person who I've known for 20 years and in very inspiring entrepreneur who's really become a huge influencer in the world who's getting his hands dirty at the great company called Saster building agents, learning how they work, deploying them, really being on the bleeding edge, the cutting edge of this technology. And thanks for being here, Jason. I'm so thrilled to have you. &gt;&gt; Super exciting. Yeah, congrats on the quarter by the way. &gt;&gt; Jason, I just want to ask you one question. What is it that's making this happen? What is inspiring you to kind of transform yourself and transform, you know, Saster to this incredible opportunity? &gt;&gt; Well, look, maybe two things. If you're we're builders, we've been I mean, you you you were I think you were like on a Radio Shack computers or something back in the day, right? We've been building since we were kids &gt;&gt; on the street here, Berling game. &gt;&gt; So, we've been built we're builders at our heart, right? And um this is the most exciting time to build ever. ever for us as executives, entrepreneurs. Honestly, if you're not excited to be building an agent, you should quit. You should go off and go to pasture, do your next thing. So, we backed into agents because I got tired after our own big event of rebuilding the team and we went all in and we said, I want to try to rebuild the whole team with agents about uh almost 10 months ago and agent force was a key part of that. Can and we wanted to push it early. Can you really do all of this all these go to market motions with agents and um the numbers are pretty good. &gt;&gt; Well, you've been a pioneer. You know, you you you know, it's a funny thing because in our own independent world, here we are. We're out here building Agent Force, Slackbot, you know that we also acquired Momentum and we acquired, you know, Qualified and so forth. We're so excited about these companies and then all of a sudden, whoa, you kind of were building our vision of the future totally independently. Yeah. you know and so you know we felt very validated in a way it was kind of crazy but then we looked at you and said wow this is a true visionary and you know you really have always had a lot of clarity not just in SAS before that you know that and now here you are you know as agents as a service as well you have a you're a visionary now as well so I guess once a visionary always a visionary but give us your vision then you know where are we going because you've heard about the SAS apocalypse &gt;&gt; and you know that this isn't our first SAS apocalyp We've had a few of them, &gt;&gt; but you know, now you know where are we going over the next couple years? &gt;&gt; Well, I think and I think this is good for Salesforce, but I think we're underestimating how powerful these agents are. I think, look, for most people, AI is confusing. The media is confusing. What the hell's going on? Let me simplify this. I was just looking at our numbers on Agent Force this morning. So far, and again, we're a small organization. We went from 15 humans to two and a half and 20 agents. Okay, that's a lot of change. But on Asian Force alone, as a tiny organization, we've closed $2.7 million. That's that's not a the the the army contract you got, but that's a lot for us. 2.7 with an agent and we have $3.5 million more in the pipeline. Those are agents and it works. And so that is exciting. That is exciting that these agents can go out and sell for you. And the first thing I did, &gt;&gt; it is kind of crazy and amazing, isn't it? &gt;&gt; It's crazy. It's it just wasn't not only was this not really possible a year ago and this is this a year you know the problem with all of us we were used to catchy TV in the early days it was all hallucinations it was hard to believe this stuff would work even 18 months ago wasn't it it was hard to believe but everything got okay last summer and then at the end of the year it got great and there's reasons at Salesforce it got great but to be nerdy even at Enthropic your customer when they rolled out these four dot models up to four or five for B2B stuff like we do It wasn't a little bit better. It was like jaw-droppingly better. The the hallucinations would be worse than a human makes and the productivity is high. So, it's just we've never seen these gains and the idea that now our Salesforce instance can run autonomously versus doing manual data entry. I mean, this was always a dream. &gt;&gt; I want to tell everyone exactly why I wanted you here because number one is yes, we love by the way market Shark Ninja was awesome, right? &gt;&gt; Great. And then we had Jeff, you know, Windham and these are very big companies like good-sized companies and um not the biggest companies in the world but incredible companies but you're a small you're a small company you're in some ways a so soloreneur right you're an entrepreneur you're you know and I think that it is going to go across the whole market that is small businesses are benefiting medium you know we sell we call small businesses zero to 200 employees maybe that's where you are then we have 200 you to 200 to 2,000, you know, medium, then we have the 2,000, the 5,000 in general business, then we have the 5,000, the monsters, then we have the government, we have software companies. Every segment is impacted by this, don't you think? Every company is impacted. &gt;&gt; I think everyone is going to look at their business and say, "What can I fully automate with an agent?" Everyone's you're going to unleash a torrent of creativity, right? The key thing that I've learned for folks is just start with one use case. For us, it was what you the idea you came up with like last summer. Reactivate the leads the sales team never talked to. That was our first use case. Find something or with Window. &gt;&gt; That's a huge thing, right? Cuz like we there's 20 million, 30 million. I we don't even know maybe a 100red million people we didn't call back in the last 26 years. But Miguel called back 50,000 people with agents last week that we would not have gotten to. Even though he's got all these reps, he still doesn't have the ability to call everybody back. It's amazing. &gt;&gt; We did 3,000 with agent force and for one I was just looking at a couple examples. We closed a $250,000 customer this week, but the first one with Agent Force was Fresh Works. You know, Freshworks, they do support and a bunch of other stuff, but they've changed. Gish isn't the CEO anymore. The the the marketing teams turned over. We don't know anybody. The agent found the right person and closed the deal. That's sort of magical. That wouldn't have really been possible without agents and AI, &gt;&gt; exciting. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's just like &gt;&gt; that's exciting, right? &gt;&gt; It's exciting. And and the fact that every company can can start with something here. They can reactivate something or even with Windom responding after hours. Um, and actually my old head of customer success is now head of SMB at PayPal. They use Agent Force and he just told me, texted me this morning or DM this morning, they have a broken merchant flow where folks would sign up to use PayPal and then they would abandon it like an abandoned cart. They put agent force on it and the conversion rates are much higher, but they couldn't get any people to do this, right? So, all of us have some process where there's no one to do it. &gt;&gt; It's so exciting because you have humans and agents working together. You're working with your agents. It's the apps and the agents working together. But, you know, it's kind of fun because I think that for the last 26 years, you and I, we've been in this kind of SAS industry and it's all been all about apps. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And that's now and the apps aren't gone away because PayPal's still using those apps. They have, by the way, PayPal Pal is a huge customer in sales B2B and also service, call center, contact center. Yeah. But now just as you articulated so beautifully more productivity more capability you know the ability the the lost card idea you know that's what we're finding this ability so now we're selling not just in the SAS apps world we're also selling agents and yeah these two are going to be two markets and who knows maybe one will be bigger than the other maybe they'll both be the same size we don't exactly know I mean we're so that we're just gave we just gave guidance you know that we're going to do 46.2 2 billion this year, you know, in revenue. So, I can't tell you when the, &gt;&gt; you know, and Agent Force is like about an $800 million business, you know, now. So, I can't tell you exactly when Agent Force will be a 46 billion or $30 billion, but it it has the potential to go just like uh but &gt;&gt; help me. What's 46* 3? Help me you guys. &gt;&gt; That's how big I think is 120 + 18 is 38. 138. &gt;&gt; I think agent force and I I I'm not being facicious. I think it'll be $140 billion business because I think the value is about 3x the software. &gt;&gt; This is why I think the SAS aqualypse or Sasquatch blips or whatever I I I I think there's some truth to this because agents are changing the world and if you're not if you don't have agent force if you're one of the leaders and you don't and you're not there. &gt;&gt; I think it's fair to be concerned, right? But the value, you know, I wrote this post about how much more valuable Salesforce is us with their agents. It's not a little more valuable. I read it. &gt;&gt; It's like 10 times more valuable. I don't think you were using Salesforce really 6 months ago. &gt;&gt; Not really. We we our team had shrunk and the value was we were using it as a data &gt;&gt; fired some reps and whatever. &gt;&gt; Never fire. They left. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. They left. You know what I mean? &gt;&gt; And but now you have like a team of agents and humans and your company's bigger and more successful than ever. &gt;&gt; And we're using Salesforce. &gt;&gt; Be amazing this year, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. &gt;&gt; Or even and and and actually what's interesting is not not only are these agents using more of Salesforce, I just figured this out today. The most dated part of our software stack is a company called Marquetto. You'll remember from the old days for marketing automation, right? Back in the day, very innovative, right? Jaw-dropped in the day. We're sort of a prisoner. We're stuck on it. These agents &gt;&gt; I got some things to show you there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But the agents, our Salesforce agents um have taken all of that data and put it into Salesforce. So now Salesforce is is accumulating all the value from all these other stores and becoming the hub. So that's why whatever the math is, one I'm going to bet on the 150. I'm I'm not going to it might take eight years, [laughter] but I think it's three I think the agentic side is worth three to four times the software side. &gt;&gt; A+ great job. Thanks for being here. Really appreciate you joining the earnings call. &gt;&gt; It's great. Thanks everybody. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; All right, there we go. We just had three great customers. We gave some numbers and now I'm turning it over to you, Robin. Take it over. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Mark. What an amazing trilogy of three great questions. &gt;&gt; Such a great quarter. &gt;&gt; Oh, absolutely. On a great year. We're going to turn to the numbers and tell everybody about it. So, good afternoon. We closed an exceptionally strong fiscal year. Um, we have rebuilt our platform to convert the raw intelligence of LLMs into real work that drives revenue as we just heard about, reduces costs and scales reliably without limits. This is powering the transition to the Aentic enterprise for our customers and ourselves. So, to share a few data points, as expected, as Mark said, we had a great quarter or great year. We finished the fiscal year 26 with second half net new AOV growth ahead of second half AOV growth. Agent Force and Data 360 ARR inclusive of Informatica Cloud ARR reached $2.9 billion. That's up over 200% year-over-year. This includes Informatica Cloud ARR of 1.1 billion and Agent Force ARR of approximately 800 million which is up 169% year-over-year. New bookings for Agent Force One Edition and Agent Force for Apps or as we call it A4X are most premium SKUs nearly tripled quarter over quarter. Our consumption flywheel is spinning faster than ever. In the quarter, more than 60% of Agent Force and Data 360 bookings came from existing customers expanding their commitments. Looking at our largest deals, every single one of our top 10 wins included agent force, data, sales, service platform, and analytics. Our newest addition to our portfolio, Informatica, landed in six of those top 10 wins, proving it is a critical component of us building the data foundation for the Agentic Enterprise. So, let's dive a bit further into these incredible results. Subscription and support revenue grew slightly above 10% year-over-year in nominal and constant currency. Total revenue was 41.5 billion, up 10% year-over-year in nominal and 9% in constant currency, driven by Agent Force, Data 360, Slack, Agent Force sales, and service performance. Informatica's Q4 results also outperformed our expectations. This strong performance was partially offset by continued weakness in marketing and commerce, weaker than expected Tableau performance, and the onprint revenue timing in Tableau and Mulesoft we shared last quarter. Q4 revenue attrition ended the year at approximately 8% in line with recent trends. Our current remaining performance obligation or CRPO ended Q4 at 35.1 billion which was up approximately 16% year-over-year in nominal and 13% in constant currency driven by strong net new AOV especially in agent force data 360 slack and sales. This does include a four-point contribution from Informatica. Our top priority remains accelerating growth. Based on our FY26 net new ALOV performance, we are more confident in our path to reacelerate organic revenue and second half FY27 as outlined at investor day. Given our strong net new AOV performance and the incorporation of Informatica, we are updating our FY30 framework as follows. We are now targeting FY30 revenue of 63 billion which represents an 11% keer from FY26 to FY30. We remain on track to rule of 50 by FY30. And we are pleased that with our continued focus on operational excellence, we delivered 60 basis points of expansion in FY26. As we think about FY27 and fueling our framework, we are making targeted investments including advancing our Hyperforce thirdparty infrastructure for trust and security, ramping our AE capacity and scaling FDEEs to drive adoption. These investments are partially funded by efficiency we've unlocked becoming the lean agentic enterprise as our own customer zero. Before we turn to guidance, a quick update on capital allocation. I'm proud to say that we have achieved all elements of our investor day commitments including capital allocation. Also, our board has approved a 5.8% 8% increase in our quarterly dividend to 44 cents per share. Additionally, and as you've heard, given the current stock price dislocation, the most prudent investment we can make is in Salesforce. We are updating our share repurchase authorization to $50 billion. So, let's talk about FY27. We are initiating fisc year 27 revenue guidance of 45.8 to 46.2 billion growth of approximately 10 to 11% in We expect subscription and support growth guidance of slightly under 12% year-over-year or approximately 11% year-over-year in constant currency. This is fueled by continued momentum in agent force and data 360 partially offset by weakness in marketing, commerce and tableau. Our non-GAAP operating margin guidance is 34.3%. An expansion of 20 basis points. As I mentioned, this is the year where we are making further investments to fuel long-term growth and ensure customer success with Agent Force. We expect gap operating margin of 20.9%. An expansion of 80 basis points. Turning to Q1 guidance, we expect revenue of 11.03 billion to 11.08 billion growth of approximately 12 to 13% in nominal and 10 to 11% in constant currency. CRPO growth for Q1 is expected to be approximately 14% year-over-year in nominal and approximately 13% Clearly, we are executing against our FY30 framework, accelerating growth and investing with discipline, including investing in Salesforce via share repurchases. Before we wrap up, to better reflect our Agentic Enterprise strategy, we are re-evaluating our revenue by cloud disclosures in FY27. So stay tuned for an update on this disclosure prior to our Q1 earnings release. Finally, a big thank you to all of our employees for their dedication and hard work delivering a very successful FY26. And onward to an incredible FY27. Mike, I'll turn it over to you. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Robin. And with that, we're going to go to the first question, please. &gt;&gt; Thank you. At this time, if you would like to ask a question, please click on the raise hand button, which can be found in the black bar at the bottom of your screen. If you have joined by phone, please dial star9 on your keypad to raise your hand. When it is your turn, you will receive a message on your screen inviting you to become a panelist. Please accept and wait until you are promoted to a panelist. Then you may unmute your audio, turn on your camera, and ask your question. As a reminder, we are allowing analysts one question and one related follow-up today. We will now pause a moment to assemble the queue. And your first question will come from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. &gt;&gt; Excellent. Uh thank you guys for uh taking the question and uh congratulations on a uh a really nice end to FY26 particularly when it comes to the agent force numbers. The agent force numbers uh definitely eyepopping getting to a big scale and still growing um at really really high rates. But on the other side of that CRPO perhaps was a little bit disappointing on an organic basis. you grew that at 9% just in line with your guidance and typically we expect a little bit of a beat 100 150 basis [clears throat] points of a beat and I think that's stoking some concerns with investors can Salesforce do both can we grow a big agent for business and sustain the growth and momentum in the broader uh um Salesforce portfolio can we bring along the entirety of the business so can you talk to that aspect can can agent force catalyze the broader Salesforce product portfolio. Can it bring along everything and what gives you confidence in that acceleration on the back half of the year? &gt;&gt; All right. Well, I think that that is absolutely a great question and I think the reason why it's such a great question is because Salesforce is just as you said, it's a comprehensive business. We're closing new business, new ideas. We have building new technology and we also carry with us that we are a subscription business. So we're carrying with us our legacy as well and we're renewing and moving that legacy business forward. That's also one of the exciting parts of Salesforce because that also gives us the predictability to understand what's going to happen in the future fiscal years. So yes, we are innovating. We're creating the future. We're adding to the future. We're also renewing our customers. And I have to tell you, we're just very proud actually of the numbers. I mean this business this fiscal year is far better than I expected it at the beginning of the year. Then the fourth quarter actually even in the third and fourth quarter Miguel's numbers were far exceeded my expectations and to your point agent force also and also data 360 are exceeding our expectations and yes could we sell more could we renew more can we do more can we do this can we do all these various things we absolutely can but we are very grateful for what we've been able to achieve so far. Robin, do you want to add to that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I agree with that. I think we're monetizing AI, Keith, through many different fashions. We've got multiple ways to monetize. We're seeing great growth, as I mentioned, in our premium SKUs. Um, we're seeing acceleration. I think just listening to the three customer interviews talks about the great value that they're getting from core. It's also important to point out, we didn't talk about it a lot, but our seats, we're still seeing them grow year on year and quarter on quarter. So what we see is now with agent force with the system that you laid out the system of agency etc. We're just seeing incremental value to our software and some of it's going to be consumptionbased but we're going to have a hybrid model. Seats will continue to be a key component of our growth going forward. And what we hope to see is just what you heard from the three customers today. Incremental value coming as the result of our agentic technology and capabilities. &gt;&gt; Great. Thanks, Keith. Laya will take the next question, please. &gt;&gt; Your next question will come from Brentville with Jeff. &gt;&gt; Good afternoon. Um, Mark, uh, the $50 billion buyback, I I guess many are asking given the fall off in in big multiples, why not lean a little harder in acquiring technology in in M&amp;A versus uh versus buying the stock back? &gt;&gt; Well, I really appreciate that. I think uh Brent the way to look at this is I'll just tell you how I look at it which is that there's many uses of cash you know number one is dividend you know we just increase the dividend by 5% that's one use of cash very important um and then we're also look at buyback traditional buybacks okay and so we're we're doing that we've done that very aggressively over the last few years as you know and uh acquisitions we'll continue to do acquisitions but using our new formula that we put into place and we've done now quite a few acquis acquisitions using that new formula and it's been great. I wish I had used it actually through the entire history of Salesforce. I think we have a much better understanding of how to do acquisitions that are accreative to the business but not dilutive to investors and then debt. So I think there is a role here that you know we're just very underleveraged on our balance sheet and I think you know look you're a great banker you've been a great banker for decades now. I think if you look at our balance sheet now, we're going to do more than $16 billion in cash flow this year. We're not using debt effectively. And I think at these prices in the market, the ability actually to kind of come to terms that, you know, we had some acquisitions in the past like Slack and Tableau that diluted our investors. I think now's the opportunity to take some of that stock back out of the market. And uh this is these are great prices. I'm sure you would agree with that. And we want to use our uh capital correctly. And I think debt is a great way to do that. And I think our stock is a great price. Uh and I want uh Robin to buy as much of it as you possibly can. &gt;&gt; And I'd maybe add to that, Brent. It doesn't preclude us from doing all the things you mentioned to grow as Mark just said with our free cash flow, with our cash balance, with our access to market. we're going to do. We brought 10 companies and we also returned over 99% of our free cash flow to to our shareholders via buybacks and dividends. So, as we think about optimizing our balance sheet, to Mark's point, we're positioning oursel to grow organically in inorgan inorganically and also return value to our shareholders. I think that when you look at such a huge cash flow number, we just finished a $15 billion year coming into what will we be probably at least a$16 half billion cash flow year, &gt;&gt; you know, then we should be really just thinking about how do we use cash correctly? What is the right way to use cash? And yes, I think that there are many ways to use cash, but focusing on those four things, you know, the dividend, the buyback, the acquisition, and debt, all four critical. And if you have other ideas or you have other thoughts, we're very open. We would I'd love to have the conversation, of course. &gt;&gt; Well, thank you, Brent. &gt;&gt; Layo, let's go to the next question, &gt;&gt; Our next question will come from Kirk Mataran with Evercore. &gt;&gt; Yeah, thanks very much for taking the question. U Mark, you alluded to it in your in your comments. Uh, you know, the presentation yesterday by Anthropic, I thought was an interesting uh example of sort of a better together strategy with you and one of the model partners. But there is, you know, continued concern that those providers might become more competitive with you over time. I was wondering if you just give us an idea of how you see the lines of demarcation in terms of partnering uh as well as, you know, potentially competing down down the line. You know, where you think you guys have a right to win, where they might have a right to win. I think just a little bit more color on that would be helpful in terms of people's view of where we might be going in terms of, you know, the partnerships with those those companies. Thanks. Well, no, I'd be delighted to do that. And you know maybe we can even put up our our slide again of our kind of stack diagram because it makes it really clear what our what our vision of the world is which is you know at one very critical part of this you know these new models you know whether it's um open AI whether it's anthropic whether it's Gemini whether it's llama whether it's you know you pick deep deepsee mistral there's so many you go you can go off as well to look at that There's thousands of them. We make some of them oursel. These models are new parts of our infrastructure that we really did not have in place. You know, a few years ago, we had some of our own models. You remember when we did Einstein and I would talk about on the earnings call that I was using Einstein to understand what was happening in my business. That was all based on Salesforce models that we had. So, we've always had models at the bottom of our infrastructure, but now we really are able to kind say, look at this. We've done 19 trillion tokens with these models. So the these models here, that's who we have today. They will change over time. They're a critical part of our infrastructure. I think the strategic question that you're asking is this. Not only does it look like that in this slide that we just saw, but could those models themselves become platforms? So could Open AI then also be a platform? Could um Anthropic be a platform? Can Gemini be a platform? Can Deepseek be a platform? Can Mestral be a platform? Can Llama be its own platform? So that in the way that we have Windows and Mac, you know, or HTML or different things as platforms where applications all of a sudden appear, well, all of a sudden an application come in within one of those platforms and then use some of those services. Absolutely. Those could be new platforms. There will also be other new platforms. I have a platform right here as well, iOS. There are many platforms. And our job as a software company is to help our customers to create success and to take that and help them connect with their customers in a whole new way. So we'll deliver our products, our capabilities, our value proposition with our customer relationships. Of course we have over 150,000 I think customers on our core, a million on Slack. We have 15,000 risk sales reps who are out there. Their job is to work with customers to help architect their future success with these ideas. And our primary vision though today because this in the current reality this is about humans and agents working together and these customers like you saw today with Windom with Shark Ninja even Saster even Salesforce. Our job is to take what's available today and make it successful and that isn't where those platforms are today as you know you know and in your business you have you know you work for an amazing company Keith works for an amazing company you know in these large banks where we are providing a lot of automation for the sales professionals the service professionals there is a lot to do to not only automate those call centers those contact centers the sales forces the employees with Slack but then to also then unleash the agents in a way that is compliant, that is secure, that is available, that is scalable, that is reliable, that is able to operate in ha hand handinand. So if you go to help.salforce.com today and you want to get help from Salesforce, you know that you're going to be able to automatically connect to our contact center as well. That's incredible. We couldn't do that just a couple years ago, as you know. So that's the current way we're deploying. Will there could there be other ways that we deploy? It's definitely possible the future, you know, could have many different forms, but we can see right now what we're going to sell this year to our customers. We have a lot to sell and a lot to do. &gt;&gt; Great. Thanks, Kirk. Laya will take the Gabriella Bourhees with Goldman Sachs. &gt;&gt; Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask the team about the 2.4 billion disclosure on AWS. Tell us a little bit about how you translate the tokens and the agentic work units to monetization. I know you've been working on a how do you think about the evolution over time and the pricing model? Jason from SAS was just talking about the um agentic value of the stack being three to four times more than software value of the stack. So tell us a little bit more about how the ELA are going and Robin for you specifically how does it impact gross margin? Thank you. I think Patrick should really lead this AWU discussion because it's kind of his brainchild and he was very unhappy that you know I keep bringing out this token number because I'm very impressed that we have 19 trillion tokens but you know because I think that really you know shows you know that we're really using these products to deploy these agents. Well, I mean everybody can now knows agent force is hugely successful and all the new capabilities of agent force the determinism the voice the programmability agent force studio agent force builder &gt;&gt; uh and now slackbot as well but I think that then there's another level this idea of agentic work units so why don't you tell us what your vision &gt;&gt; yeah sure so uh you know as we as we started looking at how our customers were using agent force uh and we started looking at how we're consuming tokens from the model providers right all those models that sit at the bottom of our layer from OpenAI and from Anthropic, what they're doing is they're providing intelligence into our system and we're able to measure that intelligence through the lens of a token. And that's how most of these model companies are charging. It's the amount of tokens that your your platform in our case is is consuming. But when we started looking at that across our customers, we can start to see, okay, you know, our top 10 customers are consuming this many tokens. We know how many tokens Salesforce is consuming internally. But it begs the question, well, is it are they doing anything? Are they working? Are they providing any value? Or is it just input and output of intelligence? Right? So, you know, you can ask it a question, it can write you a poem, but that's not really all that valuable in the enterprise world. What's valuable is creating a document for you or updating a record or, you know, helping us right here at this table. We all used Slackbot to prepare, you know, our notes here, our you know, our customer stories. We're all preparing that with Slackbot. And so what we did is we said what if we could count those individual work units and then what if we could look at those work units relative to the tokens and we said oh there's a relationship between the two. We can start to see a ratio of tokens being consumed and work coming out. And that ratio starts to become really interesting because now we can look at our customers and say hey customer A you have a really nice ratio. You're getting a lot of work done on the platform for the amount of tokens that you're consuming. And hey Mr. customer B, your relationship is actually not so good. You're consuming a ton of tokens and not getting a lot of work done. What can we do to to help you? So, uh it becomes a really kind of interesting way. The tokens are kind of a leading indicator, but the work unit uh we think is a much more valuable indicator uh uh in terms of where the the value is actually coming from for our customers and for our own transformation uh into an agentic uh enterprise. But maybe on the monetization, I can I can toss you. Yeah, I mean you know this is something that we continue look I think you were asking specifically Gabriella about what does it do to gross margins and as we think about margins in the short run we think we're pretty neutral you know Patrick talked about this differentiation between tokens and AWUs well tokens those prices we're working with our various partners those are going to start to go down over time and and commoditize but also importantly when you think about our products. Engineering and product is working on ways to continue to fine-tune our products with things like agent force scripts which is going to make it easier for us to produce the work but reduce the overall costs. So those are things and then again we're we're optimizing we're using customer zero. Mark talks about the fact that we're reallocating resources. We're also looking at other things to overall continue to drive our efficiency down. So shortterm, we don't see gross margins getting worse. Fairly neutral. Long-term, we're doing everything in conjunction with our FY27 framework and our overall operating margin improvement to continue to get efficiencies in gross margin and operating margin. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Miguel, do you want to take on the question about ALAS and kind of what we're seeing in the market and how customers are consuming this technology? Yeah, I've been working very hard for the last quarter to have this minute because I really I really want to tell you the story. Uh Q3 was stellar. You you heard the numbers at the time. We made a very clear commitment Robin and I in partnership at the investors day. We we shared three key messages to to you all. Number one is we were seeing the the very likely uh possibility of revenue reaceleration in 12 to 18 months. That was four months ago. Today we are saying that the revenue reaceleration, organic revenue acceleration of subscription and support is going to happen in H2. And we are very com we have committed to that. And we are certain now because we've seen the NUV growth outpacing the AOV growth in H2 last year. We're sitting now in Q1. We're looking at Q1 and Q2. And I can tell you with absolute confidence that the NUB growth is going to significantly outpace the AOB growth. So now four quarters of NUB pulling up the AOB growth is going to finally translate in H2 into a revenue reactor. That was number two. Number one. Number two was the your fiscal year 30 a long-term durable growth plan. We are recommitted to that to the point that we've increased the target from 60 to 63. If you do the math, it's not all because Informatica, it's because we are more and more certain that we are going to hit the numbers. And then the third thing which is substantially important and it goes to the monetization and to the ILA question is we have found the formula to monetize AI. There are three ways three ways distinct ways the main ones that we are using to monetize AI. Number one is our large installed base of 100 millions of seats. We are we are upgrading to our premium SKUs that contain already embedded uh AI and unlimited access uh to Agentic for employee use cases. Number one, we've seen as Robin referred to earlier that that SKU uh business has triple A force first edition and agent force for sales and service has tripled quarteron quarter. Last quarter it double. So it's pretty monster. The second way to monetize is this is very peculiar because now our uh apps are agent for sales agent for service all of them are agentic. So now the ROI that companies generate by implementing our apps has increased. So now we have access to new seats that before companies couldn't afford to roll out uh Salesforce or any of our apps. And the third way is for customerf facing uh agentic use cases agents uh we sell fuel the credits flex credits and companies if you look at the uh bookings of agent force in Q4 50% were credits flex credits fuel fuel and 50% were higher SKUs. If you look at the top 12 deals which by the way record uh Robin and Mark we've never done more than 10 deals above $10 million in any given quarter. This was our best Q4 ever, our best quarter ever. We did 12 uh deals about $10 million. Uh one of them above 50, three of them above 20. When we look at those and if you look at the three ways to monetize, uh six out of the top 10 deals uh basically were upgrades of the existing SKUs. Seven out of the top 10 deals we added seats and five out of the top 10 deals included uh credits uh for uh agentic uh use cases customerf facing use cases three of them included everything but the beautiful thing is in every story every story that we heard today that was very incredible these three customer stories I I have a bunch of stories that I wanted to tell you but we're running out of time here in every one of these stories we are monetizing AI through these three different angles and we're seeing it in the bookings. We are seeing it in the pipeline. I'm very confident about QAN. I mean something happened in Q4 that was monster. I mean Mark set a a target to me and to my team. You I need to see booking starting with a number and we deliver above the number that was incredible. I'm looking at the pipeline double digit growth pipeline. I'm looking at my capacity. I we've hired over time. We started last year, 12 months ago with 0% growth in ramped AS. This is these are AS that are ready to sell. It takes our AS a year or so to sell to be prepared. We are starting this fiscal year with uh 15 to 17% more growth in ramped AS that's dynamite. We have doubledigit growth in pipeline. Uh I'm very confident about the NUV growth significantly outpacing AUV growth and IELS have been a big part of this. This is the number one product that we sell now. We sold 100 and 20 plus ILAS in Q4. I thought we're going to do between 50 and 100. We did 120. In the top 10 deals, we sold eight IAS in the top 10 deals. These are customers that are go all in and commit and commit long-term to our uh to the future. and they are outsized deals. &gt;&gt; Very good. Thank you so much, Miguel. &gt;&gt; Thanks, G. Thanks, Lea. We'll take the last question now, please. &gt;&gt; Hey, &gt;&gt; your last question will come from Ramo Leno with Barclays. &gt;&gt; Hey, thanks for squeezing me in here. I I'll make it a quick one. Um, if your crossell or the the the token upsell is working so well, you said 60% of the booking came from that one. um it's kind of almost getting the message out to more customers quicker. You now have 29,000 customers. How do you think about that evolution from kind of getting new customers and getting those guys up and productive this year? How do you think about the the road there and what are the roadblocks? Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, Ray, good to see you again. Listen, uh we we did 29,000 agent force transactions. We have approximately 22 23,000 customers. But you said it very well. Our role, the role of my team, the role of my executive, the role of all the AES is to be in front of customers to explain these stories and the value that we can drive. I mean today, yesterday or today, I don't know when, there was a world tour in Australia, we had 12,000. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Today, right? &gt;&gt; Uh 12,000 uh um customers. &gt;&gt; It's actually tomorrow, but it's today. &gt;&gt; It's it's yesterday. &gt;&gt; Australia time. &gt;&gt; I don't know. Whatever. [laughter] 12,000 customers showed up. It's happened. It's already happened, by the way. And I think we just need to the key message that we are conveying to our customers is we are SAS is more important than ever in the world of LLMs. This is I mean we are so happy that that this raw intelligence exist but to convert raw intelligence into reliable accurate scalable enterprise work you need a sovereign infrastructure like the one that Mark described with our four layers. The system of context the system of work. This is our big differentiator. Nobody has 40% market share in sales and service. I'm sorry. In the customer domain, we are the systems of work. We have the system of agency, very sophisticated. Some companies are building it whatever, but we have the best because we are proven in 4,000 production customers, 23,000 total customer. Nobody has that at the scale and the complexity because our agents are connected to the to the data connected able to trigger actions. And then we have the system engagement which is Slack. I mean, the demo of of of of this of Anthropic was incredible. It started in in in uh in Slack. Then what did they do? They took it out to another UI, which is awful, by the way, but it's I mean, it wasn't really as nice as Slack, but they did all the work. Incredible work. Again, we are so lucky that these companies exist. And then they copy paste it. They did that, right? They copy paste it and they put it back on Slack. Okay, today you can do that with Slackbot. You don't have to get out and in. We have a great partnership with uh with Anthropic. Um but anyways, Remo, uh we're very excited. &gt;&gt; Patrick, I think you should come in here and talk about this. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, you know, everybody right now, everybody through the through the past few years has been so enamored with the model, of course, it's this brand new thing, this intelligence layer that we never had, but also the data. But what's really happening around us is the apps are changing. The UI is changing as Miguel is alluding to. And that's really what we're seeing because these old apps of these point-and-click buttons though, you know, those were designed for for human beings to interact with. But what happens when you have human beings and agents in the same place, right? Suddenly, a lot of those interactions, those UI paradigms kind of get thrown away. You don't need all of this complex UI anymore. And that's what makes Slack so powerful. And I think that's what Anthropic knows. I think that's what we saw in their demos yesterday, right? That you kind of like process the work, but ultimately it's coming that that work is getting done because some person or some agent is asking for it and then you need to give it back to that person or that agent. And where do you do that? You do that in Slack. And that's what makes Slackbot so unbelievably powerful is you never have to leave. And of course, it's powered by Claude. We we we love our our partners of Anthropic, but it knows all of the context of your business, not just the context of your, you know, your systems of records as we think about it, but all of the conversations happening inside of Slack. It has access to all of that. And the knowledge that it gains from that is truly unmatched. It might be our our most important piece of data that we have. And so when you put all that together into this brand new user interface, you know, that's really where we see this big transformation in SAS happening. it's that the apps are going to they're going to change and they're going to just turn into this, you know, environment where humans and agents are really working together. &gt;&gt; And I I think to add to that, if you think about customer success, right, we're really doubling down, as we said, on FTEEs. And I think they're the folks that are on the ground with our selling teams, our solution selling teams to ultimately make this vision a reality. And I think that's the key component to converting it from Alyss to ultimately consuming. That's what we want to continue to see happening is that consumption wheel continuing to fly. &gt;&gt; Well said. &gt;&gt; Well, great. Thank you, Reno. And we want to thank everyone for joining us today and look forward to seeing you soon. &gt;&gt; Bye everybody. Thanks so much. &gt;&gt; It's not just what is possible, it's what you are going to make possible. &gt;&gt; It's a transformational moment. Agent 40. Agent. &gt;&gt; We're not just reimagining software. [music] We're reimagining everything. It's called the Agentic Enterprise [music] powered by Agent Force. This is an Agentic revolution. &gt;&gt; Big companies are using Agent Force. &gt;&gt; There has been a massive pivot [music] as we are driving to become an agentic enterprise. &gt;&gt; Agent Force is fundamentally changing the nature of the digital world. This is the internet again. This is electricity. It's that level [music] of change. &gt;&gt; The rate and growth of innovation. It's awesome. In the last year, &gt;&gt; Salesforce crushed the numbers and the operating margins expanded. &gt;&gt; We are witnessing the greatest transformation in business history &gt;&gt; with the digital [music] workforce. The game has completely changed. &gt;&gt; We got business value immediately. Agent Force revolutionize our business. It was an incredible quarter and a lot of it has to do with [music] the customer success that we're seeing &gt;&gt; around the world. Companies are embracing this new way of working. &gt;&gt; Humans with agents driving customer success [music] together. &gt;&gt; Together, &gt;&gt; together. We just really think about it as giving knowledge workers superpowers. &gt;&gt; That gives [music] me time to get out with our partners and interact with them on a human level. &gt;&gt; Salesforce has [music] helped us do work quicker where it matters in the moment of truth. And you multiply that by the thousands and thousands of patients that we treat. How could you not want to do that? &gt;&gt; With Slack as the interface, it's not just [music] chat. It's not just collaboration. It's the front door to the agentic enterprise. &gt;&gt; Slackbot is the most powerful AI tool that we use. If you're running business without Slack, you're doing a hard bug. &gt;&gt; Salesforce. The revenue is just terrific. This is the next revolution. More than 50,000 people have come to San Francisco from Dreamforce. &gt;&gt; This, my friends, is the Agent Force 360 platform. &gt;&gt; We are building $10 billion businesses in service, sales, and data, all accelerated by AI. We have delivered 19 [music] trillion tokens to our customers. There is no better metric for engagement. We had the vision that this new agentic [music] enterprise is a system of context, a system of work, a system [music] of agency, and a system of engagement. This is the powerful moment. &gt;&gt; The judging revolution, there's no question it is here. &gt;&gt; Like all good things at Salesforce, this is just the beginning. &gt;&gt; We saw 185% [music] increase in number of appointments. We have seen a massive efficiency where we have implemented a push in the range of 25 to 30%. &gt;&gt; We're at [music] 87% automation of the claims process. Nobody else does that. &gt;&gt; I think you push the chips in [music] and transform your business. &gt;&gt; We've gone faster with agent force than we have gone with any other technology. &gt;&gt; This is the agentic enterprise.
