---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: CRM
title: "Salesforce Q4 and FY26 Financial Results"
channel: "Salesforce"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: 5s_t8Jw3vNc
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5s_t8Jw3vNc
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Salesforce Q4 and FY26 Financial Results

**Channel**: Salesforce  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5s_t8Jw3vNc

## Transcript

Investor Relations. You may begin.  >> Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today on the Fiscal  2026 Fourth Quarter Results  Conference Call. We are trying out a new format  today, and as such we have  shortened our prepared remarks  to ensure we have time for your  questions. Our press release, SEC filings  and a replay of today's call can be found on our website. Joining me on the call today is  Marc Benioff, Chair and CEO and  Robin Washington, Chief  Operating and Finance Officer. We also have Miguel Milano,  President and Chief Revenue  Officer and Patrick Stokes,  President and Chief Marketing  Officer, joining us for the Q&A  portion of the call. Some of our comments today may  contain forward-looking  statements that are subject to  risks, uncertainties and  assumptions, which could change. Should any of these risks  materialize, or should our  assumptions prove to be  incorrect, actual company  results or outcomes could differ materially from these  forward-looking statements. A description of these risks,  uncertainties and assumptions  and other factors that could  affect our financial results or  outcomes is included in our SEC  filings, including our most  recent report on Forms 10K, 10Q, and any other SEC filings. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any responsibility to update these forward-looking  Statements. As a reminder, our commentary  today will include non-GAAP  measures. Reconciliations between our GAAP and non-GAAP results and  guidance can be found in our  earnings materials and press  release. And with that, let me hand the  call to Marc. >> Thanks Mike. We're so thrilled to be here  with everybody.  And I'll tell  you what we're here in this  beautiful San Francisco on the  sixtieth floor of Salesforce  tower and it's a gorgeous day,  70 degrees.  The AI capital of  the world and we're coming here  to you live, excited everything  about that's going on so let's  start with the highlights from  one the absolute best years in  our history and one of the best  performances in software ever  and guiding one of the best  performances in software ever we have delivered phenomenal  performance across revenue,  across margin expansion, across  cash flow and CRPO and RPO.  The numbers are really incredible  for the full year we delivered  41.5 billion in revenue up ten  percent year over year nine  percent constant currency  11.2 billion in revenue for  fourth quarter up 12 percent  year over year ten percent  constant currency CRPO rose to  35.1 billion up 16 percent year  over year and 13 percent in  constant currency.  And we  passed an incredible milestone  with 72 billion in total RPO  which is up 14% year over year.  Now, that is -- 72 billion in  total RPO up 14 percent year  over year.  I did read a tweet  that rope doesn't matter but  evidently we have it if it does  matter.  So total RPO 72  billion.  Last year we laid out  a path towards double digit  revenue growth by the second  half of fiscal year 27 and  hitting our marks and based on  or strong Q4 performance and the fast start with Informatica  we're updating our target to 63  billion.  Now, that means we're  spending two years in the  forties, hard to believe.  I  have never seen performance like this.  But this obviously is not a rational market.  We all in  know this he so we're using our  remark cash flow to take  advantage.  This is not our  first SaaSpocalypse.  I remember the horrible SaaSpocalypse of  2020 when not only the software  industry was dying but we were  all dying but made it through  that.  And now everyone is back  doing great, so we're grateful  to make it through that and  we're going to make it through  this one as well.  And it's just a great marketing opportunity  and great buying opportunity and that's why we are doing this  incredible repurchase  authorization of $50 billion in  fiscal year 26 we returned more  than $14 billion or 99 percent  of free cash flow to  shareholders thank you Robin for that.  And today, we're  increasing our share repurchase  authorization to $50 billion  because these are some low  prices.  So we'll share about  that in a moment.  The biggest  brands in the whorld are  choosing Salesforce to lead  their agentic transformation  companies like Amazon, Ford,  AT&T, GM, Pfizer, so many and  these are big deals, wins over a million.  Up 26 percent year  over year.  That's in Q4 wins  over a million up 26% year over  year, congratulations Miguel.   Wins over 10 million, we're up  33% year over year, for example, the you U.S. army run by army  secretary dris kol has we'red us a ten year indefinite delivery  indefinite quantity contract  with a ceiling of $5.6 billion.  Thank you Dan.  With level of  performance is a clear signal  that companies across every  industry and region are  investing in Salesforce to  become Agentic Enterprises like  we've been talking about for two years at Dreamforce at the  Agentic Enterprise is a real  idea and we're gonna talk about  Agentforce and I think it just  became an $800 million business  we're going to talk about that.  You heard me talk about it at  Dreamforce and on these calls  our vision of humans and agents  working together for years,  companies bought apps.  We all  use apps.  I've got apps right  here on my phone.  I've got apps on my computer.  But now I'm  using apps and agents.  I use  them at home, I use them in my  company, we have been talking  about that.  That is a reality  we have 83,000 employees at  Salesforce, humans, and we have  lots of agents running around as well, Miguel qualified 50,000  leads with agents this week.  So we have apps and agents, we have humans and agents working  together.  We've been dog about  that at Dreamforce as well.  And this is just an incredible  opportunity for Salesforce, our  market is bigger than ever.   Because not only selling apps  but apps and agents.  So  bringing humans, agents, apps,  and data together.  Not just to  make people better at their jobs but to redefine how work gets  done.  This is just an  incredible exciting moment in  software.  So we're seeing  incredible demand for Agentforce in its first 15 months closed  29,000 deals, up 50% quarter  over quarter, customers in  production have increased as  well nearly 50% in Q4, it can do more has more power, more  capable than ever.  If you  haven't seen the new Agentforce  you haven't seen Agentforce the  level of determiningism the  voice capabilities Agentforce  studio and builder we're  spending time on Agentforce I  just saw the new Agentforce  demos from the team.  It was  incredible.  We have Agentforce  running in Slack, we have  Agentforce Builder running in  Slack and amazing things  happening.  And our Agentforce  and Data 360 ARR including  Informatica, now exceeds  2.9 billion I heard ARR doesn't  matter anymore but in case it  does, we have 2.9 billion, up  200% year over year more than 75 percent of top wins in Q4  included Agentforce and Data  360.  In a bit we'll hear from  three amazing customers, Wyndham one of my very favorite  customers in the world the  world's largest hotel chain.   SharkNinja, I just got one of  their great new products I'm  sure you know about they've got  the best machine.  One of the  most innovative consumer product companies in the world and  SaaSTR an incredible community  of B2B software founders,  executives and investors and I  think you all know that I love  Jason, but I've never been more  excited about our business here  at Salesforce.  No one else is  delivering this level of  capability at this scale to this many customers and we're taking  the power of the Agentic  Enterprise of these apps and  Salesforce and giving them the  security, reliability,  availability.  Scalability that  you need to make them successful in business like ours.  But in  all businesses.  In small and  medium businesses, general size  business and is very large  enterprises, in the government,  and in ISVs as well.  So this is a category that just didn't  really exist a year ago.  I will just say that look at IT service management.  We just launched  Salesforce IT service in  October.  Salesforce ISTM.  Just a few months Miguel has won over 180 customers, amazing Miguel.   But I especially love five  customers who get to leave is  now like sun sun cornerstone and cool systems.  Who are leaving  ServiceNow for the new  Salesforce IT service product  which is about apps and agents.  Don't just think it's just that  we built a new live sciences  project this year Agentforce for life sciences, and since we  launched so many of the global  pharma companies I met with so  many CEOs myself are leaving  Veeva including AstraZeneca,  Novartis, Takeda, and Albert at  Pfizer, all saying they are  going to Salesforce life  sciences which is a product of  apps and agents.  And they are  the most regulate business in  the world and they are choosing  Salesforce.  I've met with  untold numbers of customers,  call it thousands, call it more  than that, they used to tell me  maybe okay, I want to roll my  own AI I'm going to build my own model.  Tell me about that let  me know how that goes show me  exactly what you're doing.  Or  you can just turn it on inform  the Salesforce product you  already have.  You have Sales  Cloud, turn on the agents.  You  have Service Cloud, turn on the  agents.  You have Marketing  Cloud, turn on the agents.   Slack?  Turn on Slackbot.  And  that idea that every app now has the capability to have agents,  so customers tell me that they  want to basically kind of get to that next level and the way to  do that is by including this  context, the ability for the AI, the data to know you, no better  example of that than Slackbot  immediately as you turn it on,  you're a Slack customer it looks at your DMs, through Salesforce, it looks through Google, it  looks even at Microsoft Teams as hard as that is for some agents  to go on do but we've told hem  how to do it.  And then it says  I understand your business.  And I can give you help, advice.   Support.  And in fact a recent  survey of 100 CIos found that  this idea of apps and agents has doubled in the last 18 months  because of this.  They realize  this is more than just turning  on mald bot on your Mac mini.   But for companies who want to  have the reliability,  availability, security, the  sharing models, key parts of  that to really make sure that  the business is safe and secure  while you're running all these  scaled agents, well, let's just  know that that is what  Salesforce is doing.  And that's why Salesforce has become one of these incredible companies.   Because our platform provides  these amazing four layers you  see right here that everyone  needs to convert raw  intelligence into real work.   Everything they need to become  an Agentic Enterprise.  Just  look at this.  Look at what  we've built.  Look at what we  have built.  And thank you to  our team.  They have done a  phenomenal job.  Srini is in  India I can't this week.  Look  at what our engineering team has built and thank you to them .   Look at where it starts.  First  of all, yes, we can use all  those large language models, we  love them all.  We love all our  children equally and down below  here whether it's Anthropic or  OpenAI or Mistral or Llama all  of them.  There's more coming.   They are amazing.  All down  below and we're using them and  then we bring them into Data 360 and that lets you harmonize data and integrate your data and  federate.  That means connect  into other data sources  throughout your company and grab it.  Other data repositories,  might be using Snowflake or  Databricks or BigQuery or  anything, even IBM mainframes  and bring the into Data 360 and  it comes into your apps.  If  you're using the service app and you want to have an experience  like help.Salesforce.com for  your company, now the service  app has that agentic capability  the data is coming up and it  comes up to the next level to  Agentforce and you can build  your be agents, train your  agents.put the guardrails and  they are talking now and then  all of a sudden you can even  manage and orchestrate and  collaborate from Slack.  So this is our architecture.  And all of this is unified in integrated,  and that idea that we can  deliver this unified platform to our customers to help them  deliver humans and agents  working together.  So you can  see right here, Agentforce has  the tooling to build, manage,  orchestrate the agents.  To make them talk, to give them  determinism.  To give them the  capabilities they want.  And  then we have the engagement  layer to deliver Agentic  Enterprises where work happens  in Slack.  If you haven't seen  Slackbot, I have the free  edition, maybe you should pay us and get the Enterprise Edition  because that's when all the  Slackbot turns on and you can go through your whole company run  your company.  I had one of our  customers over last night, have  you seen Slackbot and he said no I haven't.  You're the big Slack customer we have.  I had to say  look at this.  And I'm like, I'm having drinks with Anel and I'm  trying to give him a demo of  Slackbot what should I say to  him what's the strategy between  Salesforce and workday and and  then boom boom boom, it just  went through the whole thing  showed him every deal he  couldn't believe everything are  that was happening between the  two companies and had to get  updated because he's the new CEO of workday and it was amazing.   That was my real experience.   Together all of this is the  complete operating system for  the Agentic Enterprise.  I'm  using it myself.  And we're  using it, we're customer zero.   That's crucial because we know  our customers aren't going to  deploy one agent there's going  to be many agents and  capabilities the ability to  automate many different types of works and they are going on to  deploy many and thousands many  from us.  But these agents can't work in isolation.  Like ET,  each one of them needs to phone  home.  Okay.  So that home is  Salesforce.  And they are  calling us through the MCP  server or maybe even just  through one of our core  platforms and the more agents  that the company deploys us or  anyone else, the more essential  our platform becomes.  This is  my personal testimony.  I'm  giving you my personal  testimonial how I run  Salesforce.  You can come here,  I will show you how.  I run a  business with apps and agents  together.  And it's why nearly  90% of Forbes top 50 AI  companies use Salesforce.  And  Slack.  And if there is a  SaaSpocalypse I think it might  be eaten by the SaaSTR quatch  because there are a lot of  companies using a lot of SaaS  because SaaS just got a lot  better with agents as a service. I won't tell you exactly what  that says.  But let's just say  there's SaaS and there's agents  as a service.  I want to tell  how we're measuring the value  our platform delivers to  customers.  Today we're one of  the largest consumers of tokens  in the world to date.  Over 19  trillion tokens.  So we continue to show you that because we want you to see that we're actually  doing what we say.  I know  there's been some enterprise  software companies who say they  are doing agents or doing AI but then they're not showing up in  the token rankings from the  language model companies.  So  here's 19 trillion.  Okay.  But  we're really want to take this  to another level and another  level is a token on its own  doesn't know your customers,  pipeline, org chart but  Salesforce does.  And the value  isn't in the token.  The value  is when what our platform does  with it.  The work.  That's why  today we're introducing an  additional metric the agentic  work unit created by our own  Patrick Stokes sitting here at  the table.  The AWU not to be  confused with the customer AWS  and it represents one unit of AI work agentic work unit, rolling  this out to see how you like it  actually here in earnings.  It's a record updated workflow  trigger decision made MCP called and today AI agents on the  Salesforce platform delivered  2.4 billion agentic work units.  That is where AI isn't just  thinking or calling things, it's getting work done.  Work done.   Transactions.  And in Q4 alone  we delivered about 771 million  of them, still trying to exactly figure out exactly what these  numbers mean for us, but what it means for me is that we are  doing what we say.  That is, we  are explaining that humans and  agents are working together,  showing you a business at scale  running them, we're showing them how we're making our business  better, our service is so much  better this year because we're  using our new Service Cloud with our omni channel supervisor  deployed with Agentforce.  Our  sales Miguel hit record sales  numbers you can see them.  We've never sold our had so much ACV  in hour history in the fourth  quarter because knot only does  he have 15,000 account  executives, but he has all these agents who are out there doing  this amazing work.  So that is  so exciting.  This is raw  intelligence converted into real work, driving efficiency and  growth.  Okay.  Now let me tell  you about one of the biggest  drivers of the work units,  Slackbot.  Of lot of you use  Slack, I use it every day.  It's the ultimate employee agent and  many of you know that X hosts  about 500 million messages a  day.  Doing an amazing job on X, incredible what he has done.   But did you know that Slack  hosts about a billion messages a day?  So while X amazing X I use it myself just tweeted something 500 million messages a day,  Slack is hosting a billion  messages a day.  Remember, every one of them is about getting  work done.  That's why we bought it.  Remember, Slack's ticker  symbol was work.  Slackbot can  access all of those messages as  well as your files, calendar,  Salesforce, Google, your  Microsoft Teams, your this and  that it goes around and pulls it all together and then it knows  your business so then it's able  to orchestrate with other agents and has an incredible partner  marketplace the number one AI  ecosystem in the world, and has  more than 350 AI apps and agents already.  There's no other AI  ecosystem like it.  One of those partners is the Anthropic we  love Anthropic, we love Dario, I tweeted about what they did  yesterday, incredible demo.   Just yesterday, Dario  demonstrated how he is doing  something amazing with  Salesforce and the enterprise  every one of their demos whether for HR, engineering, investment  banking started and ending in  Slack.  Pretty awesome.  So it's abo about agents and apps, humans  and agents, it's all working  together, you can see it in his  demos and in our demos.  By the  way, Anthropic runs its whole  global operation on Salesforce  and Slack.  I think every AI  company does.  Yeah.  I think  they do.  So maybe you saw they  are hiring a Salesforce admin  Dario, let us know if you need  new names.  But I think it's  just a point we're making that  Salesforce is doing great with  these AI companies, we're so  thrilled of our relationship  with Dario and I think we just  put another hundred million  dollars into the new round, up  about $330 million in Anthropic  invested almost about one  percent of Anthropic and believe me I wish we had invested a lot  more John, I don't know why we  didn't do more.  Okay.  With  that, time to hear from some of  our most inspiring companies  becoming Agentic Enterprises we  have Mark.  I see you.  Mark is  from SharkNinja.  Hey, mark. >>  Hey, mark.  Congratulations  to you and your team.  What a  quarter. >>  I'm so thrilled to talk to  you, and I love all your  products and thank you for the  Christmas presents.  I have them and I'm using them. >>  Appreciate it.  Really happy that so much of our holiday  selling season was really driven by the launch of Salesforce that as you know happened at the end  of September.  And would love to talk to you about it. >>  Mark, you know that we've  been working together now me and you as well as with our whole  sales team so auto your sales,  service, marketing, commercial,  everything you're doing so so  excited about your future.  We  have our best team working with  you.  Give us your view of  what's happened and the value  we've been able to deliver.   What's your biggest surprise,  what in the slushy machine came  out?  >>  Look, Marc, we launched 25  products a year, and we're  really innovating at speed.  And we need customer service  solution that move just as fast. Most companies treat service as  a call center.  For us, Marc,  it's really about lifetime value of the consumer.  We view as  much as as a growth engine for  the business.  It's not just  about servicing problems, it's  about building lifetime value.   We set ip wa guided shopping ag  in eight weeks before the  holiday season.  I was nervous  about it, as I went to my team  and said we're putting this in  place in October.  It's  generally a cut off in our  business where after October 1st you don't really do anything.   And we launched this in eight  weeks, and it brought tremendous value to the consumer.  It  helped them with researching and buying and troubleshooting.   Really all in one seamless  conversation.  So it was a great success for us this holiday  season. >>  Mark, I think working with  you has been extremely  interesting because you're very  much a B2C company and there's  so many exciting things you're  doing.  When you look at what  Salesforce has done and  deployed, especially in regards  to AI and agents and apps, where is it really impacted you the  most?  >>  Well, let me start with this stat for you.  Just since we  launched Salesforce in Q4,  agents are participating in a  quarter of a million consumer  engagements during that period  of time.  Solve just in a  really, really short period of  time, a quarter of a million  engagements.  We put so many  products out into the market,  and sometimes that many products creates complexity for the  consumer and so whether they are calling about a service issue or troubleshooting issue or where's my order issue, it's allowed our customer service agents to focus on really the really challenging issues and it's freed up an  enormous amount of time for  them.  It's a win for the  consumer because the consumer is getting their questions answered quickly, they're not waiting.   And it's a win for us because  it's driving down costs and it's in the end just having a better  service experience. >>  Well, thank you so much  we're so grateful to you as a  customer of Salesforce.  It's  been an absolute pleasure  getting to know you.  Working  with you.  And I think that we  have such a great future  together, and thank you for the  Christmas presents.  I'm using  them.  I made some amazing sorbe it t. >>  Bye, Mark.  I've been  thrilled to work with Mark but I have to introduce you to another good friend Geoff at Wyndham and you probably heard from Geoff  this week, he had a phenomenal  quarter doing great number one  hotel in the world.  Geoff we're so thrilled.  Geoff,  congratulations on everything  that's going on with Wyndham.   We're thrilled.  Givist your  vision of what's going on in the world and with Wyndham and we'd  love to here how you're using  Salesforce as well. >>  We have, when you think  about just how far we've come in the last year, today we have  over 5,000 deployments of  Agentforce across our over 8,300 hotels.  It is a huge, huge part of our agentic platform and we  are really just getting started. We're starting to roll out to  Canada and internationally.  But with Salesforce tools like  MuleSoft and Data 360, we have  built a single source of truth.  Unifying all our guests'  reservation information and data all of their loyalty  information, and all of their  CRM data, so that all our agents now are operating with the same  trusted and realtime guest and  hotel information which they  weren't before.  We're calling  it Wyndham guest 360.  It's a  key enabler for our agent  foundry and it's delighting,  better guest experiences,  improving those experiences and  building on increased loyalty  engagement.  Most importantly,  Marc, you talked a lot about  labor, which is agentic.  It is  taking millions of dollars of  labor costs from our small  business owners in the front  office out of the operation and  it is driving millions of  dollars of increased revenue for these franchisees. >>  Well, I just have to say  this one thing, which is I have  been hugely surprised at how  fast you have gone, Geoff.  We  work with all the major hoeltd  companies and I love them all,  and I stay in them all, they're  fantastic.  I'm actually going  to stay at a Wyndham hotel  tonight I'm flying East but I  have to ask you this question,  Geoff.  Because I don't  understand how are you going to  fast?  What are you doing?  Is  this because you're leading from the top?  You seem -- I talked  to Mark at SharkNinja and he's  owning this.  Why are you guys  going so fast and doing so well? . >>  You're loading out these  apps and agents, your team is  crushing it what's going on?  >>. >>  We're in the hospitality  business.  It's humans with  agents who are driving that  customer success together.   Think about our customers.   Before our integration with you  all our agents had to spend time gathering basic guest  information on who mark mark was before he checked in tonight.   That was not easily at fir  fingertips or asking Marc for  his information we should have  had and our agent now have  encyclopedic knowledge of all  your guest history, all your  booking behavior, all your  loyalty status because away tied it ougtogether giving us the aco answer any question imaginable.  In moments not minutes.  And  we're booking you into your  preferred room based on our  knowledge, our guest Salesforce  knowledge of your past day  history.  We're successfully now I hope to upsell you a suite  upgrade if we haven't already in early check in, sounds like  you're getting in late a late  check out tomorrow if you'd like one.  I don't know if you have  pets if but if you were the  agents would be selling you a  pet fee --  >>  Don't tell my dogs about  that, they're going to jump in  p. >>  This is all being done  autonomously which small  operators would not have had  time do before.  We've been  working so hard it's generating  so much money.  We're seeing  faster speeds of answer.  0 hold times I've heard you talk a lot  about why no customer should  wait and that's why we're doing  it.  We're seeing -- we're  removing millions and millions  of dollars as I said, in the  front office but we're  generating millions of dollars  of increased answer layer  revenue to small business  owners.  It's not costing  anything.  And we're also seeing which is really important a 200  basis point increase in direct  bookings from AI voice agents  and AI voice agent conversion  versus having to get those  bookings through expensive third party online travel agencies.   That's increasing guest  satisfaction.  Our guest  satisfaction scores are up 400  basis points they've never been  higher.  This customer  experience that was created is  more efficient.  Again, humans  with agents driving customer  success, we're agent first and  very proud of it. >>  Well, I just want to thank  you so much, Geoff, thank you  and thanks to your team because  I'll tell you it takes great  eli leader and a great team and  you've got both and made  something incredible happen.   Great job and congratulations. >>  We're proud to be with you,  our chief commercial officer was on stage with you at Dreamforce. >>  Did a great job. >>  And we'll be back this year. >>  I hope you come to  Dreamforce this year.  Bye,  Geoff.  All right.  I want to  now introduce you to an  incredible person I've known 20  years and very inspiring  entrepreneur, really become a  huge influencer in the world,  getting his hands dirty, great  company called SaaSTR is a  building agents and learning how they work and deploying them and being on the cutting edge of  this technology and thanks for  being here, jampb, sample  thrilled to have you. >>  Congratulations on the  quarter. >>  I just want to ask you one  question.  What is it that's  making this happen?  What is  inspiring you to transform  yourself and transform SaaSTR to this incredible opportunity?  >>  Look, maybe two things.   We're builders.  You were I  think like on a Radio Shack  computers or something back in  the day.  We've been building -- >>  Right down the street here. >>  This is the most exciting  time to build ever.  Ever for us as executives, entrepreneurs,  honestly if you're not excited  to be building in the agentic  era you should go to your next  thing.  We backed into agents  because I got tired after our  own big event of rebuilding the  team and we went all in and said I want to try to rebuild whole  team with be agents about almost ten months ago.  Agentforce was  a key part of that.  And we  wanted to push it early.  Can  you really do all of this, all  these go to market motions with  agents, and the numbers are  pretty good. >>  You've been a pioneer.  It's a funny thing because in our own independent world we're out here building Agentforce, Slackbot,  you know that, we also acquired  momentum and acquired qualified  and so forth and excited about  these companies and all of a  sudden you were building our  vision of the future totally  independently.  And so we felt  very validated in a way.  It was kind of crazy.  Then we looked  at the you and said this is a  true visionary and you really  have always had a lot of clarity not just in SaaS.  Before that,  you know that.  And now here you are as agents as a service as  well.  Your vision digital now  as well.  So once a visionary  always a visionary.  Give us  your vision.  Where are we  going?  You've heard about the  SaaSpocalypse and this isn't our first SaaSpocalypse.  We've had  had a few of them.  Now where  are we going over the next  couple years?  >>  Well, I think this is good  for Salesforce, but I think  we're underestimating how  powerful these agents are.  I  think for most people AI is  confusing, the media is  confusing, what the hell is  going on.  Let me simplify this. I was looking at our numbers.   On Agentforce this morning.  So  far, we're a small organization, we went from 15 humans to two  and a half and 20 be agents.   That's a lot of change.  On  Agentforce alone we've closed  $2.7 million.  That's not the  army contract you got but that's a lot for us.  2.7 million  agents and 3.5 million more in  the pipeline.  Those are agents. And it works.  And so that is  exciting.  That is exciting that these agents can go out and sell for you.  And the first thing I  did --  >>  It is kind of crazy and  amazing. >>  This wasn't, not ovenl was  this not really possible a year  ago and -- the problem, all of  us were using ChatGPT in the  early days it was all  it was  hard to believe are but  everything got okay last summer  and then at the end of the year  got great.  There's reasons at  Salesforce it got great, but  even at Anthropic your customer, when they rolled out these four  dot models, for B2B stuff, it  wasn't a little bit better.  It  was like jaw droppingly better  the had a lu
.  We've never se  these gains.  The idea that now  our Salesforce instance can run  autonomously versus imagine data entry this was always a dream. >>  I want to tell everyone why  I wanted you here.  Yes, we love by the way Mark at SharkNinja  was awesome and then we had  Geoff at Wyndham.  These are  very big companies.  Like good  size companies.  And not the  biggest companies in the world  but incredible companies.  But  you're a small company.  In some ways a solo preuner.  And I  think that it is going to go  across the whole market, that is small businesses are benefit,  medium, we call small  businesseses zero to 200  employees, maybe that's where  you are.  Then there's 200 to  2,000.  Medium.  2,000 to 5,000  and general business and 5,000  and monsters and then the  government, we have software  companies.  Every segment is  impacted by this don't you  think?  Every company is  impacted?  >>  I think everyone is going to look at their business and say  what can I fully automate n with an agent.  You're going to  unleash a torrent of creativity. Just start with one use case.   For us it was what the idea you  came up with last summer  reactivate the leads the sales  team never talked to.  Ngs or  with Wyndham --  >>  That's huge.  There's 20 or  30 million we don't know, a  hundred million people we can't  call back in the last 26 years  by Miguel called back 50,000  people with agents last week  that we would not have gotten to even though he has reps. >>  We did 3,000 with  Agentforce.  We closed $250,000  customer this week but the first one with Agentforce was fresh  works, they do support.  They've changed.  The marketing team we  don't know anybody the agent  founded right person and closed  the deal that's magical.  That  wouldn't have been possible  without agents and AI. >>  Exciting.  That's exciting. >>  The fact that every company  can start with something here.   They can reactivate something or with Wyndham, responding after  hours.  Actually my old head of  customer success is now head of  S&B add apal and  alt PayPal an  have a broken merchant flow.   They put Agentforce on it and  the conversion rates are much  higher but they couldn't get any people to do this.  All of us  have some process --  >>  You ever humans and agents  working together.  You're  working with your agents.  It's  the apps and agents working  together but it's kind of fun  because I think that for the  last 26 years you and I have  been in this SaaS industry, and  it's all been about apps.  And  that's now the apps aren't gone  away.  But that's pay pay still  using those apps by the way,  PayPal is a huge customer in  sales.  B2B and also service,  call center, contact center.   But now just as you articulated  beautifully, more productivity,  more capability.  The ability -- the lost cart idea is what we're finding this ability.  Now we're selling not just in the SaaS  apps world but also agents and  these two are going to be two  markets and who knows, maybe one will be bigger than ttd other.   Maybe they will both so the same size.  But we're just -- we just gave guidance that we're going  to do 46.2 billion this year in  revenue.  And Agentforce is  about an $800 million business  now.  I can't tell you exactly  when Agentforce will be a 46  billion or $30 billion but has  the potential to go just like -- but --  >>  What's 46 times three?  >>  Is 120 plus 18 is -- 3800 -- 138. >>  I think Agentforce will be  $140 billion business because I  think the value is about 3X the  software.  This is why I think  the SaaSpocalypse, I think  there's some truth to this  because agents are changing the  world.  If you don't have  Agentforce if you're one of the  leaders and you're not there, I  think it's fair to be concerned. But the value I wrote this post  about how much more valuable  Salesforce is -- it's not a  little more valuable, it's like  ten times more valuable. >>  I don't think you were using Salesforce really six months  ago. >>  Not really.  Our team it  shrunk and the value was, we  were use it ago a data source.   They left, yeah. >>  Now you have like a team of  agents and humans and your  company is bigger and more  successful than ever.  Amazing  this year, right?  >>  And actually weighs  interesting not only are agents  using more Salesforce, the most  data part of our software stack  is a company called marketo.   Back in the day very innovative. Jaw dropped in the day.  We're a prisoner, stuck on it.  These  agents -- the agents Salesforce  agentses are taken all of that  data and put it into Salesforce. So now Salesforce is  accumulating all the value from  all these other stores and  becoming -- whatever the -- I'm  going to bet on 150.  It might  take eight years, but I think  the agentic side is worth three  to four times the software side. >>  A plus.  Great job.  Thanks  for being here.  Appreciate you  joining the earnings call.  All  right.  There he we go.  Three  great customers.  Gave some  numbers and now I'm turning it  over to you, Robin.  Sglb  absolutely.  On a great year.   Turn to the number And good afternoon, everyone. We closed the fiscal year on a  strong note. We have rebuilt our platform to  convert the raw intelligence of  LLMs into real work that drives  revenue, reduces costs and  scales reliably without limits,  This is powering the transition to the  agentic enterprise for our  customers and ourselves. To share a few data points, as  expected, we finished fiscal  year '26 with second half net  new AOV growth ahead of second  half AOV growth. Agentforce and Data 360 ARR,  inclusive of Informatica Cloud  ARR, reached 2.9 billion, up  over 200 percent year over year. This includes Informatica, Cloud AR of 1.1 billion and Agentforce ARR of approximately 800  million, which is up 100 percent 169% year over year. New bookings for Agentforce 1      edition and Agentforce for Apps, or A for X, our most premium  SKUs, nearly tripled quarter  over quarter. Our consumption flywheel is  spinning faster than ever. In the quarter, more than  60 percent of Agentforce and  Data 360 bookings came from  existing customers, expanding  their commitments. Looking at our largest deals,  every single one of our top 10  wins included Agentforce, Data,  Sales, Service and Platform. And analytics.  Our newest edition to the  portfolio, Informatica, landed  in six of those top 10 wins,  proving it is critical to  building a data foundation for  the Agentic Enterprise. Let's dive a bit further into  these incredible results.  Subscription and support revenue grew slightly above 10 percent  year over year in nominal and  constant currency. Total revenue was 41.5 billion,  up 10 percent year over year in  nominal and 9 percent in  constant currency, driven by  Agentforce, Data 360, Slack and  Agentforce Sales and Service  performance. And Informatica outperformed our expectations. This was partially offset by  continued weakness in Marketing  and Commerce, weakened expected  Tableau performance and the on  prem revenue timing in Tableau  and MuleSoft we shared last  quarter. Q4 revenue attrition ended the  year at approximately 8 percent, in line with recent trends. Current remaining performance  obligation, or CRPO, ended Q4 at 35.1 billion, up approximately  16 percent year over year in  nominal and 13 percent in  constant currency, driven by  strong net new AOV, especially  Agentforce, Data 360, Slack and Sales. This includes a four-point  contribution from Informatica. As you know, our top priority  remains accelerating growth. Based on our FY26 net new AOV  performance we are even more confident in our path to  reaccelerate organic revenue,  At outlined at investor day. Given our strong net new AOV  performance and the  incorporation of Informatica, we are happy to update our FY30  framework as follows. We are now targeting FY30  revenue of 63 billion,  representing an 11 percent CAGR  from FY26 to FY30. We remain on track to rule of 50 by FY30, and we are pleased that with our continued focus on  operational excellence, we  delivered 60 basis points of  expansion in FY26. As we think about FY27 and  fuelling our framework, we are  making targeted investments,  Including advancing our  Hyperforce third party  infrastructure for trust and  security, ramping our AE capacity and scaling FTEs to  drive adoption. These investments are partially  Funded by efficiency we've  unlocked becoming the lean  Agentic Enterprise as our own  customer zero.  Before we turn to guidance, a  quick update on capital  allocation. As you can see, we have achieved all elements of our Investor Day commitments, including capital  allocation. Also our board has approved a  5.8 percent increase in our quarterly  dividend to 44 cents per share. Additionally, given the current  stock price dislocation, the  most prudent investment we can  make is in Salesforce. We are updating our share  repurchase authorization to  $50 billion. Let's talk about FY27.  We're  initiating fiscal year 27  revenue guidance of 45.8 to  46.2 billion growth of  approximately 10 to 11 percent  in nominal and constant  currency.  We expect  subscription and support growth  guidance of slightly under 12 percent year over year, or approximately 11 percent year over year in constant currency. This is fueled by continued  momentum in Agentforce and Data  360, partially offset by  weaknesses in Marketing,  Commerce and Tableau. Our non-gonGAAP guidance is 3.3  percent an expansion of 20 basis points.  This is the year we're  making further investments to  fuel long-term growth and ensure customer success with  Agentforce.  We expect GAAP operating margin  of 20.9 percent, an expansion of 80 basis points. We expect revenue of 11.03 to  11.owe 8 billion growth of  approximately 12 to 13% in nam  national and ten to 11 percent  in constant currency.  Are CRPO growth for Q1 is expected  to be approximately 14 percent  year over year in nominal and  approximately 13 percent year  over year in constant currency. Clearly we are executing against our FY30 framework.   Accelerating growth and  investing with discipline,  including investing in  Salesforce via share  repurchases.  Before we wrap up  to better reflect or Agentic  Enterprise strategy, we're  reevaluating our revenue by  cloud disclosures in FY27.  Stay tuned for an update here  prior to our Q1 earnings  release. Finally a big thank you to all  our employees for their  dedication and hard work  delivering a very successful  FY26.  And onward to an  incredible FY27.  Mike, I'll  turn it over to you. >>  With that, we're going to go to the first question, please. >>  Thank you.  At this time if  you would like to ask a question click on the raised hand button  at the bottom of the screen.  If you have joined by phone please  dial star nine on your key pad.  One it's your turn you'll  receiver a he message inviting  you to become a proliferate.   Accept and wait until you are  promoted to pan list.  As a  reminder we're allowing analysts one question and one related  follow-up today.  We will now  pause a moment to assemble the  queue.  First question will come from Keith with Morgan Stanley. >>  Thank you guys for taking  the question, and  congratulations on a really nice end to FY26, particularly when  it comes to the Agentforce  numbers.  The Agentforce numbers definitely eye popping getting  to a big scale and still growing at really, really high rates.   But on the other side of that  CRPO perhaps was a little bit  di disappointing.  In line with  your guidance and typically we  expect a little bit of a beat,  150 basis points of a beat.  I  think that's stoking concerns  with investors can Salesforce do both, grow a big Agentforce  business and sustain the growth  and momentum in the broader  Salesforce portfolio, bring  along the entirety of business.  So can you talk to that aspect,  can Agentforce catalyze the  broader Salesforce product  portfolio, can it bring along  everything and what gives you  confidence in that acceleration  in the back half of the year?  >>  All right.  I think that's  absolutely a great question and  I think the reason why it's such a great question is because  Salesforce is just as you said,  a comprehensive business.  We're closing new business, new ideas, we have building new technology. And we also carry with us that  we are a subscription business  so we're carrying with us our  legacy as well.  And we're  renewing and moving that legacy  business forward.  That's also  one of the exciting parts of  Salesforce.  Because that also  gives us the briblt to  understand what's going to  happen in the future of fiscal  years so we're innovating and  creating the future, adding to  the future, also renewing our  customers and I have to tell you we're very proud actually of the numbers.  I mean, this fiscal  year is far better than I  expected it at the beginning of  the year.  The fourth quarter  actually even third and fourth  quarter Miguel's numbers were  far exceeded my expectations.   And to your point, Agentforce  also.  And also Data 360 are  exceeding our expectations.   Yes, could we sell more, could  we renew more, can we do more,  can we do this and all these  various things?  We absolutely  can.  But we're very grateful  for what we've been able achieve so far.  Robin do you want to  add. >>  I think we're monetizing AI  through many different fashions. We've got multiple ways to  monetize, seeing great growth as I mentioned in our premium SKUs  and acceleration I can just  listening to the three customer  interviews talks about the great value that they are getting from core.  It's also important to  point out we didn't talk about  it a lot, but our seats we're  still seeing them grow year on  year and quarter on quarter.  So what we see is now with  Agentforce, with the system that you laid out the system of et  cetera we're seeing incremental  value to our software.  Some of  it's going to be consumption  based, but we're going to have a hybrid model.  Seats will  continue to be a key component  of our growth going forward.   And what we hope to see is just  what you heard from the three  customers today.  Incremental  value coming as the result of  our agentic technology and  capabilities. >>  Great.  Thanks, Keith.  Next question, please. >>  The next question is from  Jeffreys. >>  Good afternoon.  Marc the  $50 billion dollars by back 15  the fall off in big multiples  why not lean harder and  acquiring technology and M&A  versus buying stock back?  >>  Well, I really appreciate  that.  I think the way to look  at this is I'll tell you how I  look at it there's many uses of  cash.  Number one is dividend.   We just increased the dividend  by 5% that's one use of cash  very important.  And then we're  also look at buy backs, so we're doing that.  We've done that  very aggressively over the last  few years as you know.  And  acquisitions.  We'll continue to do acquisitions, but using our  new formula that we put into  place and we've done now quite a few acquisitions using that new  formula and it's been great.  I  wish I had used it actually  through the entire history of  Salesforce.  I think we have a  much better understanding of how to do acquisitions that are not  dilutive to investors.  And then debt.  So I think there's a role here that we're just very under  leveraged on our balance sheet  and I think, you're a great  banker been a great banker for  decades now, I think if you look at our balance sheet more than  $16 billion in cash flow.  We're not using debt effectively.  At  these prices in the market, the  ability to come to terms that  we've had some acquisitions in  the past like Slack and Tableau  that diluted our investors, I  think now is the opportunity to  take some of that stock back out of the market.  And these are  great prices I'm sure you would  agree with that.  And we want to use our capital correctly and I  think that's a great way to do  that.  And I think our stock is  a great price and I want to  Robin to bias much of it as you  possibly can. >>  I' It doesn't preclude us fm doing all the things you  mentioned to grow.  With free  cash flow and cash balance -- we brought ten companies and we  also returned over 99% of our  free cash flow to our  shareholders via by backs and  dividends.  As we think about  optimizing our balance sheet to  Marc's point we're positioning  ourself to grow organically and  inorganically and return value  to shareholders. >>  When you look at such a huge cash flow number of $15 billion  a year coming into probably at  least a 16 and a half billion  dollars cash flow year, then we  should be really thinking about  how we use cash CEM.  What is  the right way to use cash.  And  yes, I think that there are many ways to use cash.  But focusing  on those four things, the  dividend, buy become,  acquisition, and debt.  All four are critical.  And if you have  other ideas or thoughts we're  very open.  I'd love to have a  conversation, of course,s. >>  Thank you, Brent.  Next  question, please. >>  Our next question will come  from Kirk with Evercore. >>  Thank you for taking the  question.  Marc you alluded to  it your comments, the  presentation yesterday by  Anthropic I thought was an  interesting example of a better  together strategy with you and  one of the model partners.  But  there is continued concern that  those providers might become  more competitive with you over  time.  Can you give us an idea  how you see the lines of  demarcation in terms of  partnering as well as  potentially competing down the  line where you think you have a  right to win and where they  might have a right to or might   win in terms of the partnerships with those companies. >> I would be delighted to do  that.  Maybe we can put up the  card with our stock diagram.  It is clear what our vision of the  world is.  At one very critical  part of this, these new models,  you know, whether it is OpenAI,  whether it is Anthropic, gem   Genini there's thousands we make some of them ourselves these  models are new parts of the  infrastructure we did not have  in place a few years ago.  We  had some of our own models.  You remember when we did Einstein I  would talk on the earnings call  I was using Einstein to  understand what was happening in my business that was based on  Salesforce models that we have.  We have always had models at the bottom of the infrastructure,  but now we are really able to  say look at this we did 19  trillion tokens with these  models.  These models that is  who we have today.  Those will  change over time.  They are a  critical part of our  infrastructure.  The strat  --  strategic question you are  asking not only does it look  like the slide that we saw but  could those models become  platforms?  Could OpenAI also be a platform?  Could Anthropic be  a platform.  Can Gemini be a  platform and llama be its own  platform so in the way we have  Windows and Mac where  applications appear will it come in within one of those platforms and use some of those services?  Absolutely.  Those could be new  platforms.  There will also be  other new platforms. I have a platform as well iOS.   There are many platforms.  Our  job as a software company is to  help our customers to create  success and to take that and  help them connect with their  customers in a whole new way.   So we will deliver our products, our capabilities, our value  proposition with our customer  relationships, of course we have over 150,000 customers on our  core a million on slack and  15,000 sales reps who are out  there.  Their job is to work  with customers to architect the  future success with ideas.  Our  primary vision today in the  current reality this is about  humans and agents working  together.  These customers like  you saw today with Wyndham and  SharkNinja even Salesforce our  job is to take what is available today and make it successful.   That isn't where those platforms are today as you know.  In your  business you work for an amazing company.  Keith works for an  amazing company.  These large  banks where we are providing  automation with sales  professionals and service  professionals there's a lot to  do not only to automate the  contact centers the Salesforces, the employees with Slack but  also unleash the agents in a way that is compliant and secure and scalable, reliable that is able  to operate hand in hand.  If you go to Salesforce.com you know  you will be able to  automatically connect with the  contact center as well.  That's  incredible.  Couldn't do that  just a couple years ago.  That's a the current aof -- way of  deploying.  The future could  have many different forms but we can see right now what we are  going to sell this year to our  customers. We have a lot to sell and a lot  to do. >> We will take the next  question, please. >> Your next question will come  from Gabriel law with Goldman  Sachs. >> Good afternoon.  Thank you  for taking my question.  I  wanted to ask the team about the 12.4 billion disclosure on AWs.  Tell us how you take the takens  to monetize.  I know you have  been working on ALAs.  How is  the pricing model adjacent the  agentic value of the stack being three to four times the software value of the stack.  Tell us  more about how the ELAs are  going how does it impact gross  margin?   >> I think Patrick should lead  the AU.  It is kind of his  brainchild.  He was unhappy I  keep bringing out the token  number.  I am impressed we have  19 trillion tokens.  I think  that really showings that we are really using these projects.   Anybody can know Agentforce is  hugely successful all of the  capabilities of Agentforce,  Agentforce studio, Agentforce  builder and now Slackbot as  well.  I think there's another  level, this idea of agentic work unit.  Tell us what your vision  is. >> As we started looking at how  customers were using Agentforce  and how we were using tokens  with the model providers all of  the models that sit at the  bottom of the layer from OpenAI  and Anthropic what they are  doing is providing intelligence  into our system.  We were able  to measure that through the lens of a token.  That's what the  companies are charging, the  amount of tokens that your  platform in our case is  consuming.  When we started  looking across the customers we  started to see top ten customers are son consuming this many  tokens how many tokens  Salesforce is consuming  internally but the question is  are they working or providing  any value or is there input or  output in intelligence.  You can ask it a question it can write  you a poem but that's not all  that valuable in the enterprise  world.  What is valuable is  creating a document for you or  updating a record or helping us  right here at this table we used Slackbot to prepare our notes  here.  Our customer stories we  were preparing that with  Slackbot.  What we did is we  said what if we could count  those individual work units?   What if we could look at the  work units relative to the  tokens.  We said there's a  relationship between the two.   We can see a ratio of tokens  being consumed and work coming  out.  That ratio starts to  become very interesting.  Now we can look at the customers and  say hey customer A you have a  nice ratio you are getting a lot of work done on the platform for the amount of tokens you are  consuming.  Mr. Customer B your  relationship is not that good  you are consuming a lot of  tokens not getting work done.   How can we help you?  It is an  interesting way.  The tokens are a leading indicator but the work unit is a much more valuable  indicator in terms of where the  value is coming from from  customers and own transformation into an Agentic Enterprise.   Maybe on the monetization I can  toss to you. >> This is something we  continue.  I think you were  asking specifically Gabriel  about what does it do to gross  margins. As we think about margins in the short run we think we are pretty neutral.  Patrick talked about  this differentiation between  tokens and AWUs.  Tokens those  prices we are working with  various partners. Those are going to starting to  down over time and common ties.  When you think about the  engineering and products they  are working on ways to continue  to fine tune products with  Agentforce script making it  easier to produce the work but  reduce overall costs.  We are  using customer zero.  We are  reallocating resources but also  looking at other things to  overall drive our efficiency  down.  Short term we don't see  gross margins getting worse,  fairly neutral, long time we are doing everything in conjunction  with our FY27 framework and our  overall operating margin  improvement to continue to get  efficiencies in gross margin and operating margin. >> Miguel you want to take on  the question about ALAS and what we are seeing in the market and  how customers are consuming the  technology? >> I have been working very hard this quarter to have this  minute.  Q3 was stellar.  We  made a clear commitment Robin  and I partnership at the  investors day.  We shared three  key messages number one we were  se seeing revenue acceleration in  12 to 18 months.  That was  four-year months ago.  The  revenue acceleration is going to happen in H2.  We are committed  to that.  We are certain now  because we have seen the growth  of pacing the AUV growth last  year.  We are looking at Q1 and  2 I can tell you with confidence the growth will significantly  out face the AOV growth.  Now  four quarters of NOV pulling up  the AOV growth will translate X2 in revenue acceleration.  Fiscal year 30 long-term growth plan we have increased the target from  60 to 63.  If you do the math it is not all because of  Informatica it is because we are more certain we are going to hit the numbers.  The third thing  which is substantially important it goes to the monetization and  ALA question we have found the  formula to monetize AI.  There  are three ways, distinct ways  the main ones we are using to  monetize AI.  Number one is  large install base of hundreds  of millions of seats.  We are  upgrading to our premium SKUs  that contain already embedded AI and unlimited access to agentic  to employee use cases.  We have  seen as Robin referred to  earlier the SKU business has  tripled Agentforce first edition and Agentforce for sales and  service has tripled quarter on  quarter.  Last quarter it  doubled. It is pretty monster.   The second way to monetize, this is peculiar apps are Agentforce  Sales Agentforce Service all of  them are agentic.  The ROI  companies generate by  implementing our apps have  increased.  Now we have access  to new seats that before  companies could not afford to  roll out Salesforce or any of  our apps.  The other way is  customer facing agentic use  cases, through credits, flex  creditings.  If you look at the  bookings of Agentforce Q450%  were flex credits and 50% higher risk use.  If you look at the  top 12 deals, Robin and Marc, we have never done more than 10  deals over $10 million. This was our best Q
4 ever.  We  did 12 deals $10 million, one  50, three of them 20.  If you  look at the three ways to  monetize, six out of the top ten deals basically were upgrades of the SKUs.  Seven are the top ten deals.  We added seats.  Five of the top ten deals included  credits for agentic use cases,  customer facing use cases.   Three of them included  everything.  In every story we  heard today that was very  incredible these three customer  stories, I have a bunch of  stories I wanted to tell you  about.  We are running out of  time here.  In every one of  these stories we are monetizing  AI through these three different angles.  We are seeing it in the bookings, seeing it in the  pipeline.  I am confident about  Q1.  Something happened in Q4  that was monster.  Marc sent the target to me and to my team.  I  need to see bookings starting  with the number and we delivered above the number.  That was  incredible.  I am looking at the pipeline.  I am looking at my  capacity.  I would hire over  time.  We started last year 12  months ago with 0% growth in  ramped As.  These are RAs ready  to sell.  It takes a year to be  ready to sell.  We are starting  this fiscal year with 15 to 17%  more growth in ramped As.  That  is dynamite.  We have double  digit growth in pipeline.  I am  very confident about the net new AV growth significantly pacing  the growth.  ILS has been a big  part of this.  Net we sold  120ILS in Q4.  I thought we were going to do 15 to 120.  We sold  8ILS.  These are customers going all in and commit long-term to  our future. >> Thank you very much Miguel. >> Last question now, please. >> Your last question will come  from Rema. >> Thank you for squeezing me in here.  A quick one.  If your  cross sell or the token up sell  is working so well, you said 60% of the booking came from that  one, it is kind of almost  getting the message out to more  customers quicker.  You now have 29,000 customers.  How do you  think about that evolution from  kind of getting new customers  and getting these guys up and  productive this year, how do you think about the role there and  what are the road blocks. >> All right.  Good to see you  again.  We did 29,000 Agentforce transactions.  We have  approximately 22, 23,000  customers.  You said it very  well.  Our role, the role of my  team, the role of my executive,  the role of all of the AEs is to be in front of the customers and explain the value we can drive.  Today, yesterday, I don't know  when, there was a world tour in  Australia.  Today, right? >> Yes. >> 12,000 customers --  >> It is actually tomorrow, but  it is today. >> Australia time. >> I don't know.  Whatever.   12,000 customers showed up.  It  has happened.  It's already  happened.  I think we just need  to -- the key message we are  conveying to customer Saas is  more important than ever.  In  the world of LLMs we are happy  this role exists.  To convert  intelligence into reliable,  accurate, scalable enterprise  work you need a structure like  the one Marc described system of context, system of work.  Nobody has 40% share in sales and  service.  In the customer domain we are the system of work.  We  have the system of agency very  sophisticated.  Some companies  are building it.  Whatever.  We  are the best because we are  proven in 4,000 production  customers, 23,000 total  customers.  Nobody has that at  the scale and complexity.  Our  agents are connected to the  data, connected, able to trigger actions, and then we have the  system engagement which is  Slack.  The demo of Anthropic  was incredible.  It started in  slack.  Then what did they do?   They took it out to another UI,  which is awful by the way.   But -- it wasn't really as nice  as Slack but they did all of the work, incredible work.  We are  so lucky these companies exist,  then they copy, paste it.  They  did that, right?  They copy,  paste it put it back in Slack.   Today you can do that with  Slackbot.  You don't have to  GOEDE get out and in.  We have a great partnership with  Anthropic.  Anyways we are very  excited. >> Patrick, I think you should  come in here and talk about  this. >> I mean, you know, everybody  right now, everybody through the past Faw years has been so  enamored with the model of  course.  It is this brand new  thing this intelligence layer we never had.  Also the data.  The  apps are changing, the UI is  changing as Miguel is eluding  to.  That's what we are seeing.  The old apps of the point and  click buttons those are for AI  to interact with.  What happens  when you have human beings and  AIs together in the same place.  The paradigms get thrown away.   You don't need the complex UI  any more.  That's what Anthropic knows we saw in the demos  yesterday.  You processed the  work but ultimately that work is getting done because some person or agent is asking for it and  you need to give it back to that person or agent.  Where do do  that?  You do that in slack.   That's what makes Slackbot so  great.  You never have to leave. Powered by Claude.  It knows all of the context of your business, not just the context of your  systems of record as we think  about it but all of the  conversations happening inside  of Slack it has access to that  the knowledge gained from that  is truly unmatched.  It might be the most important data we have. When you put that together into  the brand new user interface  that's where you see the big  transformation in Saas  happening.  The apps are going  to change and turn into this  environment where humans and  agents are really working  together. >> To add to that when you think about customer success we are  really doubling down on FDEs.   They are the folks on the ground with our solution selling teams  to ultimately make this vision a reality.  That is the key  component to converting it from  ALAs to ultimately consuming  that's what you want to see  happening is the consumption  wheel continuing to fly. >> Great.  Thank you.  We want  to thank everyone for joining us today and look forward to seeing you soon. >> Bye everybody.  Thanks so  much.   >> It is not just what is  possible.  It is what you are  going to make possible. >> It is a transformational  moment. >> Agentforce. >> Agentforce. >> We are not just re-imagining  software.  We are re-imagining  everything.  It is called the  Agentic Enterprise, powered by  Agentforce.  This is an agentic  revolution. >> Big companies are using Agentforce. >> There has been a massive --  >> Agentic Enterprise. >> Agentforce it is  fundamentally changing the  nature of the dig talking --  digital world. >> This is a level of change. >> The rate the growth of  innovation is awesome in the  last year. >> Salesforce crushes numbers. >> We are witnessing the  greatest transformation in  business history. >> With the digital workforce  the game is completely changed. >> We got business.U  immediately. >> Agentforce revolutionized our business. >> It was a great quarter.  A  lot of it has to do with the  customer success we are seeing. >> Around the world they are  embracing this new way. >> Driving customer success  together. >> Together. >> Together. >> Together. >> We think about it as giving  knowledge workers super powers. >> That gives me time to get out with our partners and interact  with them on a human level. >> Salesforce helped us do work  quicker where it mattered in a  moment of truth. >> You multiply that by the  thousands and thousands of  patients we treat how would you  not want to do that. >> With Slack as the interface  it is not just chat it is the  front door to the Agentic  Enterprise. >> Slackbot is the most powerful AI tool we use. >> If you are running a business without Slack you are doing it  hard. >> This is the next revolution. >> More than 50,000 people come  to San Francisco for Dreamforce. >> This my friends is the  Agentforce 360 Platform. >> We are building 10 build  dollar businesses in service,  sales and data.  All accelerated by AI. >> We have delivered 19 trillion tokens to our customers.  There  is no better metric for  engagement.  We have the vision  that this new Agentic Enterprise is a system of context, a system of work, a system of agency, and a system of engagement.  This is the powerful moment. >> Agentic revolution there is  no question it is here. >> Like all good things at  Salesforce this is just the  beginning. >> We saw 195 increase of  appointments. >> We have implemented  Agentforce in a range of 35%. >> We are at 80% in the  automation process. >> You put the chips in and  transform your business. >> We have gone fast with  Agentforce and we have than we  have gone with any other  technology.  This is the Agentic Enterprise. 
