---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: CRM
title: "Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff sits down with Jim Cramer at Dreamforce 2025"
channel: "CNBC Television"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: GdByUYvwXp8
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GdByUYvwXp8
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff sits down with Jim Cramer at Dreamforce 2025

**Channel**: CNBC Television  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GdByUYvwXp8

## Transcript

the enterprise sector cohort has been eviscerated by the rise of artificial intelligence. Salesforce itself has seen its stock tumbled 34% from its all time highs late last year, even though it's made major strides with AI in the field of incentives kind of dominates it. So far, Wall Street hasn't seemed to care, but I'm not ready to throw in the towel. It remains a big position for my travel trust, so let's talk it over with man of the Hour Marc Benioff, the co-founder, chair and CEO of Salesforce, who joins us now following his big keynote address earlier today. We thought that was the most effective of multiple keynotes. Mr. Benioff, welcome back to the show, Jim. >> Welcome back to San Francisco. Welcome back to Dreamforce. All the customers are so happy to see you. I'm so happy to see you. >> This was a. >> Could not be happier that you're here. >> Well and I'm happy to be here I'm happy to see your mom. I'm happy to see the family okay. So let's get right to it. This was a different keynote. This was a keynote where you brought in some of the biggest industrialists, but some of the greatest CEOs, and they actually explain why it is what you're doing is additive to their numbers. It was not about how I really like the product. They showed you that they were making money with Amgen from your products. So why did you choose to go that way instead of just Benioff strolling the world? >> Benioff is strolling the world. Well, here's the thing, Jim. The proof is in the pudding. And the reality is, when we've gone all over the world with this message, everybody wants to know who's implementing AI. Well, who's making it great. People think. >> It's not being implemented at all. >> You saw the best companies in the world today using our platform to become better companies. >> I saw Michael Dell. >> Michael Dell. The icon, what Ramona's doing at Pepsi with Athena. You know, you saw these incredible organizations that are transforming themselves. >> Alber showed. >> Me, oh my gosh, it's incredible. >> Everything that she's done is about personalization at a level that no one else can do. >> Because every single viewer, every single person here, can go to the Williams-Sonoma website and look at how it has changed that. You're getting ready now for Thanksgiving, and you want to learn how to make your stuffing. You want to make sure you've got your turkey plate. You want to make sure you've got the right placemats and napkins. You can go to that site. And it's not just some FAQ thing or some kind of bot. This is an agent that's working with you. And if at any point you get frustrated with that agent boom, you escalate to humans because it's the agents and the humans are working together. And at the most important companies in the world, this this show is sold out, right? I've never seen our pipelines fuller. I've never seen more demand. I've never seen more excitement. Customers are getting their head around how to deploy AI. I'm sure you're talking to these customers. It is an exciting moment. But many of them. >> I mean, you introduced me to Julie Sweet. She's telling me. >> She was here. From her company. >> Still, many companies don't understand. That's why I thought today was important. Because the smartest people do understand. >> There's a reason why. Because the speed of innovation is far exceeding the speed of customer adoption. The speed of innovation, huge, is outstripping customer adoption. These customers have to go back and modify massive architectures they have and systems they're running the world's most important companies, mission critical systems. But they are getting it done. And now we have these proof points. We showed live data today. We showed live systems. We showed live implementations. And that is what customers really want to see. They want the confidence to know now is the time that enterprise and AI are coming together to transform, to become new agentic enterprises. >> But maybe in some ways, and this is what I think is driving the stock down. And it does matter to me if the stock is coming down, is that people may think, you know what, I can design my own Salesforce suite using AI. I don't need this man in his Salesforce suite. >> It's, you know, this is a little bit of some crazy talk. People don't understand how AI is coming up. And through all of Salesforce's applications. It's a new version of Tableau. It's a new version of slack. It's a new version of our sales cloud. It's a new version of our service cloud, all made possible by Agent Force. The product we introduced a year ago is now a platform, and that platform is transforming all of our products by every industry, by every geography. And you can see it in the eyes of these customers. They are ready to go to another level in how to implement this technology. >> Is it possible that your product is so good that there are not as many people at the firms that you sell into, and so therefore you don't get to charge the come on, look, I am giving you what people oh look, I'm not paid millions of dollars like you, but I come up with this. >> I'm just saying that there's been so much technology that's been unleashed on the world in the last three years, from the first time we all got our hands on ChatGPT to the time where me as a software developer have to then re-architect and refactor everything that I'm doing to take advantage of it. Because I'm sure you would agree. The demos you saw today, the technology you saw today, and the customer implementations you saw today were probably the best enterprise software you have ever seen. >> Like it FedEx. >> Doesn't come. It just doesn't come out of a muffin oven like. >> A muffin. Subramanian. Okay. And sure. And and Rick Smith, Fred Smith. >> And Richard Smith here, the CEO of Federal Express. >> Yes. And he demonstrated that with the data that he has married to your agenda, you're able to to take. >> Great example, number one, because they're using our data cloud. Okay. They're able to know and you heard him speak and he's been able to make hundreds of millions of dollars because he had a set of customers, domestic customers who were not using the international product. Right. They were using other vendors. And now when those international, you know, prospects are on there and they go, wait a minute, you're already a Fedex customer, we're able to immediately convert them into international business. And that is through AI. It is through data. It is. >> Within economy. That's what he's taking a lot of shares the way I felt without him saying point blank, a lot of Chevron competitor because he's able to use your product and marry that with his data. >> And he's speaking with his presence. He came to Dreamforce. Richard Smith, the son of the founder. >> Fred Smith. >> Who we all love, Michael Dell these people who are running the world's most important businesses are here, by the way, to tell the world that this is the moment to implement enterprise AI, to transform your whole business. >> And want to be sure. I mean, look, some people said to me, you know what? He ought to just be create agent force, separate that from the rest of the company. Make two companies and two companies would be worth more. Absurd. >> It's complete lunacy, guys. People don't understand that Agent Force is part and parcel sales force. It is the core of every product we make. Now. It is the platform. A year ago it was a product that we were like showing here. We're in this formative stage today. We have tens of thousands of deployments, and those customers are all ready to get to another level of execution. And we're also introducing all kinds of exciting new products like Michael Dell is using new agent for supply chain. He has 20,000 suppliers already on it. And we're working with those suppliers. That's amazing. All through this Agentic platform, that's a big breakthrough. >> Right now. So I just want to put a stake in this. A eating software argument. You know, AI, you know, software is AI crunching software. Is that the end of software? You know, the software as a service model? Is that is it over like some say, or am I watching? Someone is making billions using it. >> There's this kind of crazy narrative that these analysts are trying to help rightsize this to help people understand. That's why I'm so grateful that you're here, by. >> The way. It's Workday. It's you. >> That's that's why you have to be here. That's why these people have to be here. You have to see this to understand that this software is transforming itself, that you can do things. You can now unite. You know, the first time I ever used the word was agent and it was on your show. I know now that was still only a little over a year ago. >> There were like I was trying to sign up to be when it lasted. >> A little over a year. >> Ago and get on. It's that it's that many people. >> But now look at the tens of thousands of customers are using it, and we're not talking about little companies or nonprofit. We're talking about the best companies in the world are doing incredible things. >> I heard in the Michael Dell presentation that if you want to write a ticket up, that's something I just I'm hearing from Houston here from ServiceNow, it sounded like you've got a product that's directly in competition to them. >> Well, not only did we introduce the new agent force, you know, supply chain that he's using. >> Directly, kind of what I get from. >> But we also have another product which is our agent force IT service product or ITSM. We've never been in that product in that market. >> New vertical. >> And look at ServiceNow is a great company. They have 8 or 9000 customers. You know that we have a million customers with slack, 150,000 on core Salesforce services. All of them want this kind of capability. They want IT service. They want field service. They want call centers. They want you saw it all day Salesforce Automation they want. And I'm so happy that those C-level customers would come. >> Here. >> To say, listen to us. This is the time that you have to go and you can go on YouTube and you can watch, right? This keynote, it's only an hour. >> I think. >> It's true, but it's really educational. I thought it was great. >> All right, one last thing. >> What was your biggest surprise in the keynote, Jim? >> My biggest surprise in the keynote was Michael Dell basically told me, this is what's going to reinvent his whole company. And I did feel like right now I got to go out and buy his stock immediately. >> Every AI transformation is led by the sea level, right. >> And that's so that it was more of making decision at Williams-Sonoma. It's obviously. >> Williams-Sonoma. >> And it's obviously the top people at FedEx. Now, I do want to ask you, there's been this kind of crazy stuff about the safety of the city, and you had to you talked about collaboration with the federal government, whether the National Guard should be in or not. It seemed like you wanted them in. But I think that let me tell you what I think you were trying to say. You just want the city to be safe as possible, and you didn't necessarily mean to say, look, I want my city, you know, the end of the way that we do things here. >> Number one, I'm so excited that everyone is here for Dreamforce again. But you know that nothing is important to me. Nothing is more important than the safety of every person who's here. And we've brought in hundreds of additional cops and police and CHP. >> To say, to do it, you need soldiers. >> Listen, the most important thing is that everyone here is safe. That's my main focus. >> That's what the goal. >> And that is that's the most important thing. You know. >> A lot of people feel like, well, wait a second, you went to some sort of dark side. I think you went to the safety side personally. >> I went to the safety side. But, you know, in today's world, everything is so divisive. I know that you can say anything and all of a sudden it's a firestorm. And it was. >> Well, I can. >> Tell you the reality is. >> Jim, tell me it is not been this good in a long time. You can tell me. >> And you can see that San Francisco is a great city. This is the number one conference in the city. This is the number one tech conference. Now this is the number one AI conference. This is an incredible. We have 50,000 people here, 10 million watching online. I hope everybody watches it on YouTube. The keynote. So they can all see. They can they connect with their customers in a new way. >> I think that without the CEOs talking about it, it just seems like it's fluff. Today. It seemed like it's the way to get your earnings per share up in a way that's meaningful. Not well. >> You probably forget, but you told me the last time we spoke, you said, Mark, I need to hear what these customers are doing. >> I did, I did I that was our kind of because it was not as good a talk as we usually have. It wasn't as it wasn't as convivial. >> Doesn't matter that I'm saying the stories. In that case, I'm not telling the story. The customers are telling the story. Michael Dell that's. What Dreamforce. >> Is, okay? >> Dreamforce is the customers are here telling their stories. I don't have to go. >> On your show. I don't think that AI is destroying Marc Benioff Salesforce. >> Why? Because we have more revenue than we've ever had, more profit than we've ever had, more cash flow, more customers, innovation. >> I'm in. >> It's unbelievable. >> I'm in. It's incredible. I'm in. >> Which is make your own decision. Talk to the customers. I like talk. >> To me. Okay. I'm in. Wow. >> I'm glad. >> You're in. Okay. >> That's. Your hand is cold. >> I'm in. Yeah, well, it's freezing out here. Darn it. That's Marc Benioff chair, co-founder CEO of A very in Salesforce. Thank yo
