---
ticker: CRM
type: youtube
title: "Salesforce Stock: The Best "Deep Value" Play in Big Tech? | CRM Stock Analysis"
channel: "Parkev Tatevosian, CFA"
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fXoEcHOVro
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 15028
---

# Salesforce Stock: The Best "Deep Value" Play in Big Tech? | CRM Stock Analysis

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Parkev Tatevosian, CFA
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fXoEcHOVro

## 转录全文

Salesforce stock is down over 30% year to date in 2026. The SAS apocalypse is hitting Salesforce stock hard and the company's share price is crashing quickly. Salesforce is scheduled to report quarterly financial results after the stock markets close on February 25th, 2026. And investors want to know if this stock is a buying opportunity before the company reports those quarterly financial results. Of course, I'm disappointed in the share price performance of Salesforce because I've had this stock rated as a buy for 2026. And so the share price crash of over 30% is disappointing for me to be sure. Of course, one of the reasons why Salesforce stock is crashing is because the stock market and many investors in the stock market are worried about how AI will impact Salesforce's business. But looking at the Wall Street analyst expectations of free cash flow for Salesforce going out to the fiscal years that end in January of 2027 and January of 2028. The analyst on Wall Street still expect the company to increase free cash flow by a meaningful amount,$1.2 billion in the upcoming year compared to 14 billion in the year that's about to close. And then another$1.8 8 billion of growth in the fiscal year that ends in January of 2028. So despite these risks from AI, the analyst on Wall Street are expecting growth in terms of free cash flow for Salesforce over the next few years at least. And then looking at the topline growth, investors actually expect actually the Wall Street analysts that are following the company expect the company will generate accelerating growth in the upcoming year. When it's all closed, the books for January will represent 9 12% revenue growth for Salesforce and that's expected to increase to 10.9% revenue growth in the fiscal year. that'll end in January of 2027 and then come back down to 9 12%. But overall several years, let's say 3 years, the company's expected to generate roughly 10% revenue growth in a time when AI is disrupting many categories. Salesforce still expects to retain those customer relationships and generate meaningful revenue growth. Now, there's two ways to look at Salesforce historical returns on investor capital. On the one hand, you can say, "Look at the excellent improvement." And that's true. The company's returns on invested capital have improved from negative 1.4% in Q2 of 2017 all the way up to 8.9% in the most recent trailing 12-month period. And that's excellent growth, consistent growth over a longer term period. But another way to look at this data is to compare with the company's weighted average cost of capital which is above its return on invested capital. Now, one metric I evaluate when I'm considering companies for investment, is I look at their ROIC, which is what you're looking at here, the return on invested capital, and I compare it with the WCC, the weighted average cost of capital, which I calculate as part of my proprietary discounted cash flow valuation model, which I'll share with you a little bit later in this video. And Salesforce's weighted average cost of capital has consistently been above its return on invested capital. And that's usually a indicator that the company is losing shareholder value rather than adding shareholder value. The company's not using investor funds effectively to generate growth, to generate increases in profits and cash flow. So there's two perspectives to consider with Salesforce. It's been around a long time. it's not a younger company, which usually I forgive when they're generating weighted average cost of capital that's below the return on invested capital. If it's a newer company, a younger company at smaller scale, I give them more rope. I give them more leeway, more time to exceed those figures, to eclipse that hurdle rate. But Salesforce has been around a long time, and the company's revenue has already surpassed $40 billion over a trailing 12-month period. and quickly approaching $50 billion over the next few years. And to still have returns on invested capital that are below weighted average cost of capital at this scale suggests to investors like when are you ever going to generate sufficient ROIC? If you can't do it at 50 billion or 40 billion, are you going to do it at 75 billion or 100 billion? That remains to be seen. And then the management team and I agree has been overpaying for acquisitions including the acquisition for Slack and other acquisitions. I consider Salesforce kind of the opposite of Broadcom. Broadcom has been excellent and prudent at making acquisitions that generate increasing profitability and increasing returns on invested capital for shareholders. Meanwhile, Salesforce has apparently been overpaying and not incorporating its acquisitions as effectively as investors might prefer. But Salesforce's management team has heeded these indications from Wall Street that they want to see more efficiency, more improvement. And if you recall in late 2022 when investors were afraid of an oncoming recession and enterprises as well, there were significant cost cutting across the landscape in technology companies. Salesforce was one of the companies that announced tens of thousands of job cuts and other cost cutting measures. And you can see those cost cutting measures showing significant payoffs. Look at the company's operating cash flow to sales ratio which hovered around 25 to 22% between 2016 and 2023. But after those major efficiency improvements, that figure jumped from 22% in 2023 all the way up to 34 12% in the most recent trailing 12-month period. So, the management team has made adjustments and those adjustments are working well. I love to see that from management teams. I love to see management teams announcing initiatives and plans to investors, giving us detailed road maps of where they plan to go and the outcomes of these changes they're implementing and then coming back to investors a couple of years later and reporting to us like, hey, remember when we told you about this big plan we were starting? It turns out that the results of that big plan are better than expected. We were thinking they would meaningfully improve in this category and let's say they were planning to improve margins or OCF to sales figures to let's say 25% and it actually turns out to result in improvements to 35%. I love to see those kinds of situations. Unfortunately, many times investors get told something in advance, a company initiating a plan that they expected to result in a certain amount of outcome and then the management team comes back to investors and says, "Uh, turns out it didn't work out as well as we thought it would and we're going to have to make some changes and we're going to take some write downs in order to account for the fact that this didn't work out as well as we thought it would." That happens a lot. that happens more often than uh investors appreciate and Salesforce the good thing for investors is this most recent plan has worked out relatively well. So Salesforce has been appreciating that investors are concerned about AI and the impact of its business, but the management team reiterated that in their guidance that they expect their growth into fiscal year 2027 is going to be robust and in fact they feel like they're going to accelerate revenue growth over the next 11 to 17 months is the guidance they provided investors And that coincides with the Wall Street analyst estimates which also expect Salesforce to reacelerate revenue growth going into fiscal year 2027. So these types of situations where a company is forecasting an acceleration in revenue growth are typically not situations where you also see a company's share price crashing. Usually when a company's stock price is crashing by this magnitude, it's coming on the back of a company announcing downgrading forecasts and announcing decelerating growth with increasing spending to try and reinvigorate growth. And all of that creates that uncertainty and that selloff. Rather, the sell-off in Salesforce stock is investors anticipating or the market anticipating that there's a lot of bad news to come in the future for Salesforce as a result of the developments they're noticing in some of these large language models out of some of these companies like Anthropic, which have announced some pretty exciting tools for workers to utilize in their use cases, but it's still in its infancy. I don't think these tools are anywhere near the levels where it's going to start taking market share away from Salesforce. It's not anywhere near the level where enterprises are saying, "Oh, we can cancel our contract with Salesforce. We're going to use these tools instead." It's nowhere near those levels. And from the information I'm seeing from industry experts, I'm seeing a similar sentiment that the fears of Salesforce losing meaningful market share to these AI tools is overdone. It's overblown. And that's what I feel and that's what I see the industry experts also discussing that this selloff, this fear is overdone. So this data again, I'm getting all of these charts and information from fiscal.ai. There's a link in the description if you're interested. The company Salesforce now is trading at a forward price to earnings of 14.5, which is just about the lowest level you've ever been able to buy this stock going back forever. So this is an opportunity for investors to get Salesforce stock at the cheapest level it's ever been because of these fears that are getting overpriced into the company's valuation given the risks from artificial intelligence which it should be accounted for undoubtedly but I think these fears are getting overpriced they're getting investors are saying let's rather oversell rather than be in a position where We own shares in a company that becomes disrupted completely by artificial intelligence and we're left with the stock that's lost 90% of its value. So investors are fearful of that situation and they say we would rather oversell rather than be in a questionable situation where maybe it is a buy, maybe it isn't a buy. You know what? Let's just be on the safer side and sell these companies that could be that even have a remote risk of being hurt from artificial intelligence. Let's just not be in that category because there's so much risk that we don't even want to be involved. We'd rather take our money and put it into situations where AI is not disrupting that industry. And you've seen some of those companies that are clear AI winners experience huge upside, right? You've seen SanDisk, Micron, uh, Alphabet and others experience these huge increases in valuation as these are clear beneficiaries from the rising effectiveness of artificial intelligence. So, I've incorporated the latest information into my Salesforce valuation model and the intrinsic value I calculated for Salesforce is $255 per share. Now, this is down from my previous estimate of intrinsic value for Salesforce, which is clo which was closer to $300. And I've incorporated more risk into this valuation model compared to where I previously had the risk. I've downgraded the company's longerterm growth expectations because of the risks from AI. Now even if Salesforce doesn't get completely disrupted from artificial intelligence and doesn't lose meaningful market share from AI its growth could be impacted to a certain amount right some customers perhaps newer customers that would consider joining Salesforce let's say in 5 years maybe in 5 years those customers that Salesforce would have captured will now use AI tools instead. So for that reason, I've downgraded their expectations for revenue growth starting from several years from now and then going out for the very long term. And those updates to its longerterm trajectory created that decrease in intrinsic value per share. But still, you'll notice that the intrinsic value per share of $255 is well above the current market price of $184. So whether I look at this business on a forward PE multiple which looks historically cheap or if I look at it on an intrinsic value basis the stock looks undervalued and there's a reason for that right and I've discussed those reasons here. AI is a big risk to its business and that risk is now accounted for in the marketplace and I think the selloff is overdone. So I think it's creating an opportunity for long-term investors. By the way, if you want access to this spreadsheet, which holds my discounted cash flow valuation models, you can get access to this with the channel membership at the investor tier or above, where you'll also get access to my buy, hold, or sell ratings for all of the companies I'm following, which you'll notice I updated for Salesforce here to answer the question I posed in the video. I do think this is a buying opportunity, and I do think the stock is cheap enough where you can buy ahead of earnings. Usually I say to mitigate your risk you can buy half of your allocation before earnings and half of your allocation after earnings. And it's a similar situation here. And using that strategy, you mitigate all of your risk. Uh well, I shouldn't say all of your risk, but you mitigate both sides of the risk here. When you're heading into an earnings event, you have the risk of missing out if you wait until after earnings because maybe the company reports stellar results and the share price jumps by 20, 30 or 40%. And now you feel like, man, I missed out on that opportunity. But also if you buy before earnings, you risk that the company reports downbeat figures and the share price falls by 20, 30 or 40% and then you're upset because you lost so much of your value. If you split your purchase allocation in two, you mitigate both of those risks. You mitigate some of the risk of loss by buying half ahead of earnings and you mitigate some of the risk of gain by buying half ahead of earnings. So that's the primary situation I would uh suggest here in this situation for Salesforce to mitigate your risks on each side. But the share price is undervalued enough where I think it is a buying opportunity and I think investors buying Salesforce stock today and holding it for several years, I think we'll experience a relatively solid return on the capital invested into Salesforce stock. Hey, thanks for watching. I truly respect every viewer who takes the time to seek qualified financial analysis. Unfortunately, there are a lot of unqualified voices online giving unsubstantiated stock advice. My goal is to provide research that's grounded in data and professional training, not just what's popular. For those new here, I hold a master's degree in financial economics. I'm a CFA charter holder, an author, an adject professor of finance and economics. I've spent nearly a decade researching stocks professionally, and I'm here to help you make informed investing decisions. If you found value in this analysis, make sure to subscribe and consider joining the channel as a member for early access and indepth membersonly content. And
