---
ticker: CRM
type: youtube
title: "SALESFORCE'S BLOWOUT EARNINGS... the stock is down?"
channel: "Aria Radnia"
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hs9rxhx3u0Q
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 9721
---

# SALESFORCE'S BLOWOUT EARNINGS... the stock is down?

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Aria Radnia
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hs9rxhx3u0Q

## 转录全文

Welcome back. My name is Arian and I don't waste your time. So, let's get straight into it. Salesforce just reported one of their best quarters in perhaps years and yet the stock traded down by about 4%. In addition to that, in today's video, we're going to cover Nvidia's earnings and towards the end, maybe if we have time, we're going to go over the Trade Desk disastrous earnings report. This is a competitor to Zeta kind of. Quick shout out to Fiscal AI, which is the sponsor of today's video. I'm recording this video about 10 minutes after the earnings came out, and they already have the segment and KPI's data loaded in within the platform here. It is literally been 10 minutes, and the data is already loaded into the platform. Fiscll is the world's greatest stock research platform and it has unparalleled data speed relative to other stock research platforms. You can get a twoe free trial, no card required using the link in the description down below. With that being said, in terms of Salesforce and their actual numbers, they had a 12% revenue growth quarter. Again, as I mentioned, you'd have to go all the way back to January of 2023. So, this is literally 2 years ago or no, sorry, it seems three years ago where they had faster revenue growth. They seem to be accelerating that topline. This is crucial for the broader SAS landscape in the sense that of course we've had this thesis of software is dying and software is getting killed by AI. And yet here we are one of the biggest software companies and one of the biggest components of the famous IGV ETF coming in with a very very strong quarter and actually accelerating their revenue growth in uncertain times like we are at today. At the same time, you saw a similar trend with their uh revenue performance obligations. This essentially speaks to contracted value and kind of serves as a proxy of future revenue growth that grew by about 14%. Again, that's also a pretty healthy reaceleration over the last handful of quarters. If we jump over to their press release, a lot of different insightful things happened here. As I mentioned, the total revenue growth was up 12% for the year on the full year. It was only up, and I say only, but only up about 10%. Their operating margins roughly stayed flat at about that 20% or so mark. Their free cash flows grew by 15%, excuse me, their operating cash flows grew by 15% and their free cash flows grew by 16% year-over-year. So, they're seeing healthy margin expansion on that front. In addition to that, and this is just astounding to me, they returned $14.3 billion to shareholders this quarter. That came through a mix of dividends, but the majority of that, 12.7 billion of that came through share repurchases. At the time of this recording, I think Salesforce has about a meaning that just within this quarter, they bought back 7.5% of shares out. That might actually be an annual number. It doesn't say within the press release. I'd have to double check. But at the same time, they came out with a $50 billion share repurchase program replacing all previous authorizations. Again, the market cap is about 160 billion, $170 billion at the time of this recording. Meaning that authorization for re share repurchases comes out to roughly one-third of what the market cap of the business is worth today. Of course, they're not going to put all of that repurchases within, you know, even a year, for example. But nonetheless, it really speaks to how undervalued the management team thinks their stock is at the current price, which by the way, at the time of this recording, the company is trading at a little under 13 times free cash flow. And if you exclude stockbased compensation, they're trading at 17 times EVA free cash flow. one of the lowest valuations they've ever traded at. Moving on over, they also gave us a lot of different highlights in terms of uh their AI initiatives. So, first and foremost, they mentioned how they've now processed 19 trillion tokens to date. That's up 5x year-over-year. They give us the breakdown in terms of where that ARR is coming from. At the same time, their Agent Force product is growing massively as well. They give us a breakdown into the various different revenue streams there. Agent Force has currently $800 million of ARR. That in of itself was up 170%. So, you're seeing massive adoption on that front. They closed 29,000 Agent Force deals since launch. That's up 50% quarter over quarter. And so to be quite honest with you, I walk away from this quarter just thinking they're reacelerating their top line. They're expanding margins on the free cash flow side of things. They just authorized a huge buyback and they're clearly showing us that with the Agent Force product that's gaining massive adoption and you know, they're closing deals rapidly. That's growing massively year-over-year as well. And this just reaffirms my belief that SAS is not going to be disrupted by AI. They're going to just simply integrate AI into their various different products. And if you're a truly missionritical software, which Salesforce is absolutely a truly missionritical software, you're going to be able to survive and thrive in the age of AI by integrating AI features within your workflows. And for the truly mission critical softwares, they're not going to simply be vibecoded or replaced by AI due to cost cutting. And most of these enterprises will end up sticking with Salesforce as a customer. While we await Nvidia to actually report their earnings, I did also want to quickly cover the trade desk's disastrous earnings. This company is now down 85% over roughly the past year and I would argue this is extremely valid. They are seeing a huge de acceleration in terms of revenue growth. For Q4 they grew only 14% compared to the growth in last year's Q4 where they grew 22% on a annual basis. It doesn't look much better for them either. For the full year 2025 they only grew 18% which is also another de acceleration from 26% the year prior. At the same time, you can't even argue that, you know, they're raising margins and they're kind of aiming to be more profitable because that wouldn't be true either. If we just simply look at their net income margins, it's it's very evident that the company is fundamentally deteriorating. Their net margins were 22% down from 25% for this quarter and it was only a slight drop year-over-year for the full year that is. But the bigger, more alarming thing in my personal opinion is that their customer retention actually declined to 95% for the full year. I don't have the numbers in front of me at the moment but from memory I believe their customer retention rates were 97 98% just last year when I was researching the company. So that is also starting to drop meaning that you know their customers are turnurning perhaps to other platforms completely. And so overall this uh this company does not look the best from a fundamental perspective and that's why if you actually look at shares of this business I believe you have to go back to what is this 2019 2020 to find comparable prices for the business and at that time they were growing significantly faster but also traded at a massive premium. I believe back then they were trading at you know 50 60 times price of sales. So you've seen this huge huge valuation compression in the business as the fundamentals have deteriorated. It's really a tragic uh thing to see because not that long ago, this was viewed as a very high quality sort of compounder business with a valuable mode. But it seems that is not the case anymore. And so right on Q, I believe Nvidia earnings are out now. And would you look at this? They beat on literally everything. This is absolutely incredible. So of course they beat on the EPS estimate. They beat on revenue. They noted huge demand in terms of the data center revenues. That part of their business now accounts for what is this something like 90% of total revenue. So of course basically the entire business at this point is the data center business. and a very very nice guidance beating consensus estimates on that front as well. This really shouldn't come as a surprise. Of course, you know, we've seen literally what every single big tech company has outlined in terms of capex. I think combined they're spending, you know, what is it, 600, $650 billion on capex this year. So, shouldn't really come as a surprise that Nvidia not only did really good on their earnings, but in addition to that, guided for a very strong Q1 next year as well. And again, I want to remind you the earnings came out about 8 minutes ago at the time of this recording. Fiscal AI already has the numbers loaded in. And would you look at this? The data center revenue saw a slight reaceleration. Of course, not to the levels that we saw in previous years and quarters, but still on a sequential basis, it was a reaceleration. So, it seems that the revenue growth on that front is actually strengthening. Of course, it's not as notable because it's a much smaller revenue item, but the gaming revenue business is also seeing pretty healthy growth. And then jumping on over to their investor presentation, it seems that both operating income and net income are still growing a little bit faster than revenue growth, though. So, they're seeing margin expansion on that front as well. Overall, fantastic earnings. I think this just reaffirms the fact that, you know, we're still in this huge semiconductor super cycle and that the growth for semiconductors will likely continue for the foreseeable future. If you're interested in trying Fiscal AI, the link for that is in the description. Thank you very much for watching and have a great
