---
ticker: CFLT
type: youtube
title: "CFLT Stock Mega Crash | Is Now The Time to Double Down?!"
channel: "H Invests"
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rEGGeIUbCNU
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 15711
---

# CFLT Stock Mega Crash | Is Now The Time to Double Down?!

## 视频信息
- **频道**: H Invests
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rEGGeIUbCNU

## 转录全文

We certainly had quite the day from Confluent yesterday, didn't we? Uh Q2 earnings and the stock lost a third of its market cap, crashing 33%. So, that is a massive, massive crash. Today, I'm going to talk about what went wrong, particularly given that I only recently released my Confluent deep dive. Um what I thought on the results, if the crash was warranted, and I'll let you know if I'm going to be buying any more. So um what did I not like in the quarter and what went wrong? So, Confluent still have a relatively small um customer base of large customers that bring in most of the revenue, right? The vast majority of the revenue comes from those very large customers generating millions a year in ARR and one of the large customers which is um anonymous uh but AI native is migrating off the confluent cloud um shifting workloads to self-managed infrastructure. I mentioned this as a risk in my original deep dive because Confluent is there as a low low code managed platform to help um organizations build and set up open uh ended software like uh Apache Kofka which is what Confluent is built upon. However, um when an organization gets large enough sometimes they will switch to self-managed as Uber did. Um and it's just about if the companies have that riskreward balance right now from my research the thesis the bull thesis on confluent is a genetic AI is coming and companies need to act fast most companies are just not going to have the budgets particularly with everything else that they are trying to do in AI they're not going to have the budgets to actually build all of these all of this open-source data infrastructure themsel and hence they're using confluence so the fact that an um a large customer migrated off Confluent is not necessarily bearish for Confluent, but it just sounds like it's unfortunate, right? and it would be more likely the largest customer or one of the largest customers that migrates off Confluent because Confluent as a consumptionbased model um it is yeah it's just likely that that that's going to happen because the riskreward for that customer um as their live data pipelines get crazy and more complicated is to potentially go inhouse. So that's a risk to their overall business. Another thing that I didn't like uh just to start off with not liking Confluent didn't report their total customers um explicitly. So we don't have that number for the quarter. Now, it was nice because in the last quarter, I pointed out that there's been an acceleration in total customers over the past five quarters, and that has since ceased in the last quarter. Coupled with the fact that their cohort from 20K ARR to 100K ARR, that growth is also slowing down to I think it was 10%. So, they've had slower growth on that side. They're still growing their 1 million ARR customer cohort by 24%, but they've had slower growth on the land. What we've got to remember, Confluent are very much an expand business, right? Um customers for two reasons. Number one, it's a consumption based model, right? So you've got that leverage there. Customers are paying for what they use. So expand is exceptionally important. So from there we can you know discount a little bit the fact that okay maybe we might have had a slowdown in total customers which is why they're not reporting it. However, we need to look at the trend going forward because if we're seeing a trend on the low end and in the earnings call, you know, they were very very straightforward with the fact that we've been focusing on our enterprise customers, right? They they said that they were not focusing on this 20K to 100K cohort. And for good reason, right? Because if you think about it, the customers with the largest ARR, they are going to be the ones that are the most ready to move towards this uh live self-learning um reactive agentic AI sphere, right? They're going to be the ones so Confluent are capitalizing on the opportunity first. But they did uh there was a tone of neglect in their voice when talking about these lower cohorts, right? So fair enough. like a management admitted their mistakes and I quite like Jay Kreps uh and his team on this. They're sort of the more cool, calm, collected, tell it straight CEOs. You know, he's not flashy. I really don't think he's a bullshitter. Um and he believes a long-term platform, but they're saying that this was like a short-term oversight on their part. So, we've got to mention that yeah, Confluent is a massively expanded business because of consumptionbased model. Um and also just because of the fact that businesses AI or aki is going to get more and more complicated and the bull case is obviously that aenti is going to take over large parts of companies and and that's how they're going to be uh going to be run. They're going to need akai for so many things in order to improve customer experience and basically help their customers solve problems. So yeah, J Creps acknowledged heading into the year I do think we've made some changes that lots lost some focused too focused on the large customers and um that internal coverage models weren't optimized to serve the midterm bands efficiently. Fair enough. Uh as I mentioned, sorry, it's not 1 million AR. It's not 1 million plus that make up 90% of ARR. It's 100 plus um that make up 90% of ARR. So the average customer still bet spending hundreds of thousands of dollars a year with Confluent. Um and the 1 million ARR customers still grew 24% yearonear which is not a deceleration from last quarter. So that's positive but obviously we do want to see the land and I think we will because the agentic AI era is going to come to those smaller companies later. That's the long-term thesis and you know management did say they reiterated a lot about this core thesis which is Confluent is extremely well positioned in the next phase of AI right it's a picks and shovels play for example one of the anal analysts asks you pointed out uh is it just a growth in AI production workloads across a couple hundred customers um I guess I'm wondering it feels like to us the relevancy of streaming and processing is elevated in an AI first world how should we think about some of these production workloads. Jay Crep says ultimately this is turning into a really important ingredient in the architecture for artificial intelligence applications. And it makes logical sense if you want to have some kind of agent that's taking action in the business. It has to have an upto-date set of context data on what's happening across the business. Right? So that is literally the thesis for Confluent in a nutshell. And the CFO also stated confluence strategic importance in AI is only getting stronger as the world expands from gen Gen AI to aka AI. Over the past year, we've seen firsthand use cases in production growing from chat bots, semantic search and content creation to code generation and iteration, multi- aent orchestration, agent recommendations, and much more. As Jay mentioned, this year we expect the number of production AR use cases to grow 10x across a few hundred customers. Um, and I think you know then the next question comes is this crash warranted, right? Because yes, they had a large customer exit. Yes, there's been some slowing of growth. On the other hand, they basically reiterated their fullear revenue growth of 20%. And they even upped the uh the bottom tail of that a little bit. Uh so they're not up they're not upping their guidance but 20% revenue growth forecasted that's unchanged which is not much of a slowdown from the 24% they did last year. Their 1 million AR customers are growing 24%. Um and yeah it's not much of a slowdown. They they confluent usually beat um with a range of about 1.5 to 4% revenue growth. So in uh in a bull case for that we may see an uptick to 21%. If this is just a headwind for a few quarters but the point is is that I think there's an element here where the stock deserved to crash. Uh if I had watched the results before the share price had moved which I didn't do because I was asleep because I live in Australia. Um they I would have expected the stock to fall. I would not have expected the stock to rise. Right? Um, but you have to say in context, is it warranted a a 30% crash given the shares were at the cheaper end of what they've been over the past few years and you have a massive AI opportunity that Confluent are ready to capitalize on that's just not showing up quantitatively at present. That's basically what you've got to weigh up. And you know, I would say obviously this is another thing, right? Like the stock was is bouncing in a range. It's bounced in a range for the past few years from $18 a share to $35 a share thereabouts, right? I'm approximating. But bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. And at the same time, whenever it gets to the bottom of that range, it's exceptionally cheap because at the same time confluent at growing their revenue. So if the stock was at the top end of that range, $35 per share pre- earnings, which would price it at about 16 times market cap present- day gross profit, that 30% drop, I reckon, would have been warranted. Um, but trading at 25 20 maybe $26 a share, 12.5 times market cap, enterprise value to gross profit, I would not have expected the stock to fall 30%. I just don't think it's worth it given the riskreward. You know, I already mentioned this this stock is priced pretty cheaply relative to historic and other growth companies. It has its issues about high SBC, genuinely high SBC, um, compared to other tech stocks that have high SBC, right? Um, so that's an investment in talent and they have their issues around share dilution, which actually I was quite happy with how that looked in here and they're looking like they're going to have a another year of positive free cash flow for 2025. So that's great. Um, but yeah, the the ratio went from about 12.5 market cap to growth, maybe 13. Now it's down to 8.5 times gross. They're still forecasting the 20% revenue growth, which I reckon they will do a small beat. we might get 20 1/2% revenue growth for the full year cuz I think this quarter they're just saying let's take the hit and be a bit conservative. You got to remember it's the cheapest valuation it's been at and it's picks and shovels, right? And the stock's crashed 33 but in order to get back to where it's got like where it was, that's not a 33% gain. That's a 50% gain, right? You know, 100 or that's not a good idea. 99 33% crash down to 66 is then like a 50% growth of 66 plus 33 back to 99 again. So there's that. It's like now it's trading at very good value. Um and I just think that you know how Wall Street are. They're very focused on the quarter. They're very focused on near-term headwinds. Um and I'm reminding myself that we are in an age where this is a picks and shovels play in artificial intelligence. There's no doubt in my mind that we're going towards live AI agents which are going to increase productivity hugely in the AI space. Right? That's really how you get AI working productively and Confluent is here to be a big big beneficiary of that. There's not a lot of evidence that um the hyperscalers are taking a lot of market share although that is still a risk at present. I didn't really notice anything in the earnings call about that. Um and of course the risk present that look larger companies when the um when it's worth for them to deploy their own infrastructure in house they obviously will so that's going to happen like Confluent are going to use a bit of customers I think the the retention was about 90%. So some companies are obviously going to do that. But the flip side of the thesis is then when it's speed and companies just need to um start working on a gentic AI to literally survive. And I don't think that's really going to hit until you know the back end of this decade. But that will really speed this all up. And Jay Kreps, founder of Apache Kofka, he's got the co-founder of Apache Kofka with him whose name escapes me. They found a confluence together. They are the dream team to capitalize on this data in motion industry. Um, so spoilers, I am going to be adding to my confluent position. Uh, this was not a good quarter. I'm not saying the market's crazy for selling it, but given where it was before and given that the long-term thesis is intact and management reiterated that, but they've mainly reiterated it qualitatively rather than it showing up in the numbers yet. and they've had some short-term headwinds. I understand why the market sold off, but I'm just saying given it was only at 25 beforehand at the lower end of that range. Now, it's at eight times market cap to gross profit and they've reiterated the 20% revenue growth, which is only a slight slowdown from a 24% before and we may see a bit of reaceleration as this opportunity starts to show up in the numbers. I reckon it's really good risk award, but again, it's not without its risk. you know, you don't just get rewarded and no risk. The last point I wanted to make which actually made me a little bit bullish on the stock or a little bit more bullish on the stock since I published the video or at least since I recorded the video is I found out that Jere is on the board of Anthropic, right? And there the company partnered with Amazon and developing the large language model Claude which is probably in third or fourth place in the LLM race. Anthropic are doing exceptionally well and Jay Kreps is one of only five people on that board. I think Reed Hoffman's on the board. Don't don't quote me. I can't maybe it's not Reed Hoffman. Anyway, the two there's only five people on the board. Two of the people on the board are the co-founders and Jay Kreps is on that board. And it's something that made me a bit more bullish on the stock particularly because a um Confluent is a pick and shovels play on AI. Um given that Anthropic is treating, you know, every board member um with with great care, they're picking them with great care. That's very very bullish for Confluent because it's showing that number one, Jay Kreps is really knows his stuff when it comes to AI. Um and they trust him as a competent leader to lead what is a huge opportunity in the large language model race, particularly when you're partnered with the largest cloud provider in the world, Amazon Web Services. And it's also showing that you know J creps will both be able to because of that experience implement AI into Confluence platform effectively but also really understand their customers needs. um you know also customers that are not right at the forefront of AI otherwise they'll probably be building their own data infrastructure in house right but companies that they're not necessarily AI native they're probably digital native but they're not necessarily AI native and they're trying to understand this next phase of AI that we're moving into and how to integrate it into their organization how to make their data flow you know a lot of companies data is unstructured and scattered and messy um and that's what Confluent seamlessly bring together in a reactive way. Um, and that's where the alpha and AI will be generated. Confluent will have the expertise to be able to create a platform to really help those customers. So, I'll reiterate Confluent stock is not without its risk. This was um a bad quarter, but nothing that shatters the thesis and I think a 30% drop given that the stock was already in its 80th maybe 85th percentile of cheapness since IPO and it's now in its 100th percentile of cheapness since this IPO based off forward price to sales etc. Um I I think it represents an attractive riskreward opportunity.
