---
ticker: CFLT
type: youtube
title: "Confluent: A 10x Opportunity in Data Streaming"
channel: "The Motley Fool"
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6r46Gna8BnE
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 10539
---

# Confluent: A 10x Opportunity in Data Streaming

## 视频信息
- **频道**: The Motley Fool
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6r46Gna8BnE

## 转录全文

[Music] Welcome to the latest Mly Fool scoreboard. I'm on in Chocolate Blue and we've got longtime fools Jason Hall and Matt Frankle giving a 1 to 10 rating to Jason Hall's favorite stock. At least at the time I asked all the panelists for that snazzy biographic. And we did confirm before taping, it's still his favorite. It's confluent ticker symbol CFL LT and we we did the pronunciation to it's not confluent as I would wanting to call it. It's confluent &gt;&gt; and you nailed it. I want to say you pronounced confluent better than you pronounced your own last name in the intro here. Just want to get that out there. &gt;&gt; You know, I mess up my last name a little too. You know, a lot of syllables. Um not just everyone else. talk about the business first, including factors like industry and uh competition. A 10 is invincible and a one is hopeless. Matt's at a seven. Jason's just a little higher at a 7.5. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the the business quality is good. And the reason um this is a little lower than I've ranked it in the past is and this is a case where a lot of times when competition gets thrown out there it's just kind of lazy analysis but it is a massive reality in data streaming uh and that includes the hyperscaler giants with the cloud infrastructure that uh Confluent is frenemies with because they all have proprietary streaming products as well. Uh, and there's lots of other companies that are involved in data that are are bringing streaming products to the market. But here's what I always come back to. These are the people that essentially helped create data streaming as a category. Um, and their off-the-shelf product, the Confluent Cloud product is built on Apache CFKA, which is the open- source tech that they literally created. Yeah, I they they offer some very uh critical tools for businesses, but I gave it a seven mainly because of that competition that you mentioned. They compete with uh AWS, with Microsoft, with Alphabet. I mean, these are very very deep pocketed competitors and and that have significant momentum themselves. So, that's why I didn't give it a higher ranking. &gt;&gt; For management, a 10 is Warren Buffett, a one is Homer Simpson. When you got a lot of competition, you've got to trust management. Matt's at a nine and Jason's at an eight. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you you got Jay Crap Creps, the CEO. Um, and a lot of times we see CEO founders that don't necessarily turn out to be the right person to lead the company uh to profitable growth. Uh, I think Kreps has done a great job. He is a a visionary. He's also a great spokesman for data streaming for the industry. Uh Juno is an executive with the company too and also a co-founder and is deeply deeply involved with the uh open-source data streaming uh community. Uh we actually have a third co-founder uh Niha Narke who's on the board uh was an executive at the company from the time that it was they founded it until only a few years ago. Then she stepped down as an executive has remained on the board. You also have a lot of insider ownership. Um, I I'd love to go higher than an eight here, but I'm gonna ding management for stockbased compensation. Uh, like 39% of revenue over the past four quarters. Uh, so a lot of the value that management is creating is not flowing into the per share value for uh external shareholders so far. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I gave it a nine. And to be fair, I included stockbased comp in my in my financial score. Um, so it it I'm not letting them off the hook. I'm known as the stockbased compensation police around here. Uh and and I'm I'm not not changing that for this company. Uh but, you know, the co-founder is an impressive person. Can't really blame him that the stock hasn't delivered great returns in its publicly traded history because it couldn't have timed the IPO worse. It was what mid 2021. Um but uh Juno, the other co-founder that you mentioned, he he's the one who actually founded that um or he he created that Apache Kafka architecture. Um so you really impressive leadership team um but in great job of innovating growing subscription revenue and you mentioned the high insider ownership. Uh Jreps owns about 6.8% of the company. &gt;&gt; It has a higher voting share too because of the the share structure that they have. And I would Matt I would counter your argument that they couldn't have timed the IPO worse. They couldn't have timed it better &gt;&gt; in terms of generating &gt;&gt; in terms of the stock price performance. &gt;&gt; Right. Those of us who bought close to the IPO couldn't have bought at a worse time. &gt;&gt; Fair. &gt;&gt; I I think that's the thing. So, there's two different parties involved when it comes when it comes to that. I'll talk more about that later. Uh, go ahead and &gt;&gt; No, very good point. U, let's talk about financials. A 10 is a fortress. A one is yikes. This is where Matt promises to uh to factor some stuff in. U, he's got a six and Jason's a little higher at a seven. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, my seven again, same thing. I'm also factoring in uh stockbased compensation. The things that the company gets rewarded for is that gross margins have steadily moved up and to the right. And a lot of times in competitive situations, margins don't improve. You're having to fight over price. It's harder and harder to to win deals and continue to grow margins. And those gross margins have steadily grown. Uh revenue growth has slowed, but it's been really really consistent. the business is unprofitable on a gap and an adjusted basis, but it's breached the the cash flow positive uh threshold. And that takes pressure off of the balance sheet, which is relatively strong. I'm going to circle back to stockbased compensation. Like I said before, made up 39% of revenue over the past four quarters. Now, circling back to the IPO, yeah, it was a terribly unsuccessful IPO for IPO buyers who bought uh when the stock debuted, but the reason stockbased compensation is so high because the company went public like 3 years before they were even planning to do it. So, we're continuing to be punished by that preIPO comp plan where insiders get a lot of stockbased compensation because you're you're working for a startup. Um, so we're having to still kind of pay the price right now. Yeah, I mean a six is about as high as I can justify giving a company with that level of stockbased comp. Um they do have about 800 million of net cash on the balance sheet. So even though they're not profitable quite yet on an at least on a non-adjusted basis because of that stockbased comp. Uh they do have plenty of growth runway um to to fund fund what they're doing. Um the profitability is moving in the right direction. I'll give it that. But it's not quite where I'd like to see it at this stage of the game. Jason, let's move on to valuation. How well will Confluent stock do over the next five years? How safe is it? 10's a sure thing. One's a lottery ticket. &gt;&gt; So, I I think we're primed for 15% plus uh returns over the next 5 years. Uh and an extremely volatile ride along the way. We've already seen that uh from from this stock over the past, you know, four five years since it went public. My safety score is a six. Um, I think it's maybe cheaper than it seems. Stockbased compensation, like we said, it's going to weigh uh for another year or two before it starts to moderate as the company kind of gets to the end of some of those uh comp structures. Um, my safety more score is more about execution and competition. If you think about the valuation, it's actually a similar price to sales multiple as like some of the larger software companies. Now, now they're those are very profitable businesses, but they're also lower growth. Um it's again it gets back to that increasingly crowded space and against some very well-healed competitors that already have relationships with customers using their cloud services but this is one of the leaders and I think it's out competing against proprietary products and it's got an offtheshelf uh tool that's built on open source which I think has value um and is there to meet customers wherever they are whether they want to be fully managed by Confluent whether they want to self-manage have some sort of a hybrid environment um and it continues to grow closer and closer uh to being profitable and more and more cash generative. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I said I was a little bit more pessimistic than Jason. I said 5year returns in the 10 to 15% range with a safety score of six. It's not a cheap stock as Jason or mentioned about eight times sales but without consistent profitability. Um which I can't really give it much higher of a safety score with that. Um very strong growth where it matters. Uh cloud revenue grew 42% year-over-year uh in a recent quarter. um it's retaining well over 100% of its revenue. I I do think it'll produce returns in the low double digits, but I'm hesitant to call it any more than that just because of the where where it's valued right now and and where the path to profitability is on its journey. &gt;&gt; Time for everyone's favorite topic. I'd be surprised if Jason has a topic, but let's see. Um go ahead Jason. Do you like any company better than Confluent in its space? So in that in that data streaming space, it's I think it's really unique. But I think if you're just looking for an opportunity in uh cloud-based software as a service and in high growth areas where there are is competition, but there are potentially emergent winners that maybe are getting underappreciated. I'd throw Sentinel 1 into that same mix in in cyber security. See, &gt;&gt; I I said Amazon. I think AWS still has massive growth potential and Amazon's trading kind of like a value stock right now. um you know when you look at you know price to earnings and price to sales and things like that and where it was historically. Um so I I'd say Amazon that's a stock that I own in my portfolio and and have bought more of lately. &gt;&gt; And to be clear Jason is Senel one an actual top it or you're just throwing out that name as something else to consider? &gt;&gt; Here's another one to consider. &gt;&gt; Okay cuz be very inconsistent to top your favorite stock. Thanks to both Jason and Matt. They've given Confluent an overall score of 7.4 out of 10. Slightly lower than the 7.9 it got last time, but still in the same ballpark of of really solid. Uh, look out for a new scoreboard every market day at 7:00 p.m. Eastern. Next up is Starbucks. Till then, full on.
