---
ticker: CFLT
type: youtube
title: "The Central Nervous System for Modern Business | Confluent CEO Jay Kreps"
channel: "Kleiner Perkins"
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L6J2eAK70w8
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 87595
---

# The Central Nervous System for Modern Business | Confluent CEO Jay Kreps

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Kleiner Perkins
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L6J2eAK70w8

## 转录全文

Certainly being a software engineer is more fun than being a CEO. You typically have a lot of bigger problems that have to be solved. There's always more pressure. People who enjoy software engineering, you get to just do that. For the CEO, it's like whatever the biggest problem is, you need to get that solved. Kind of a meme that AI you can just be like 10 times more efficient. I don't think that's quite true. Some of the AI companies are lean, but a lot of that is just time. If you look at how they're adding people, they're adding people like at a rapid rate. And in practice, the more human intensive things like a larger salesforce, you just are only going to build at a certain rate. But I think companies that do big things, it takes more time. When we started the company, it was kind of a open-source B2B infrastructure thing. It it was actually not an attractive space. As that some of the models were proven out, you get a ton of excitement, then less excitement. say the world will change around you several times and you have to be relevant throughout that and continue to adapt in whatever way. [Music] Welcome to Grit. I'm Jubin, partner at Kleiner Perkins, a show where we go beyond the highlight reel and explore the personal and professional challenges of building history-making companies. Today on the show we have Jay Kreps, co-founder and CEO of Confluent, the company bringing real-time data and streaming to the modern enterprise. Before Confluent, Jay was one of the creators of Apache Kafka while at LinkedIn, helping define the architecture that powers countless applications today. Jay is a legend and continues to carry on an amazing tradition of building huge companies in Silicon Valley. Enjoy the episode. Thanks for doing this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I'm excited to be here. &gt;&gt; I appreciate it. I will say that you are one of the few people that I have ever seen look better with short or buzzed hair than like I was looking at your old LinkedIn pictures. Oh, really? &gt;&gt; And I'm like I think he looks better with shaved head. Now maybe I'm biased because I shaved my head and I'm just looking for, &gt;&gt; you know, role models of head shaved people that look good. But you got you got like the Jason Stadium vibe. &gt;&gt; I had no choice. You know, it's like over the course of doing the company, the hair all fell out. So, it just it got progressively shorter and now it's all gone. And uh people regularly &gt;&gt; in the company tease me with early pictures from me presenting or something looking quite different. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; It's a crazy time right now, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's a crazy time. And you just joined the board of Anthropic recently. &gt;&gt; When? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh I guess it was about a year ago. &gt;&gt; You know, we've had Daniela on. She's a gem. &gt;&gt; Yeah. She's amazing. She's amazing. &gt;&gt; How is it being on that board? It's super interesting. &gt;&gt; Do you feel like you're seeing &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I I I feel very lucky. It's an amazing company. You know, a ton of passion, you know, um you know, it's it's a it's interesting to watch. You know, it's a very kind of aligned group of people going after something at full force and it's like a crazy time. &gt;&gt; I mean, it's as crazy a time for Silicon Valley as I've I've seen. So, &gt;&gt; you know, you've been doing Confluent for how long? &gt;&gt; Uh 10 years. &gt;&gt; 10 years. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Public company. Big public company. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You ever like go over to an anthropic board meeting and see what they're doing and be like whoa like the world has changed? Maybe your company is I think actually reasonably well positioned in that new world of change. But you're like &gt;&gt; as a technologist and as a builder ever be like oh man &gt;&gt; if I was doing it all over again maybe I would join this company or something like does it does it get the juices refflowing? &gt;&gt; It's a totally different world. I mean the um in terms of just what's moving you know versus five years ago uh you know and I think for I think for technology companies that's always how it is you know it's it's interesting we we in in Silicon Valley we love the new companies but in some sense the most impressive thing is the companies that have actually managed to hit a couple of these generations and survive it. So like a Microsoft in some sense is the impressive thing that they can kind of come back and hit another wave and you know maybe come back and hit another wave. &gt;&gt; Why do you think that's impressive? &gt;&gt; Oh just the the odds of getting one are so low &gt;&gt; that you know you keep flipping the coin and most companies still make it. &gt;&gt; You know it's it's true in each part of company building like the kind of odds of going from series A to series B aren't that good, right? and you know all the way out and then just making it on that first idea and product and whatever wave of change that's hard then something else comes and you got to be relevant in that as well. So one observation that we've had in this like AI world of man these are early stage startups is like the rate of change maybe this idea of like refinding product market fit. &gt;&gt; Conventional wisdom used to say you wait to 100 million then you figure out your second act. Yeah. you know, and now it's like every quarter. Yeah. You're like refinding and reinventing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Product market fit. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I think the speed of things is one of the most amazing bits. I mean, that's certainly one of the observations from Anthropic is you have to think on one hand, you know, what what would be true in a four-year-old company and on the other hand, what would be true in a multi-billion dollar revenue company. And those are totally different models to work against, right? uh you just don't really have a ton of examples where it's both. And so, you know, there's certain things that just take time. Like, you just can't do it that much faster than however many years, right? And so, for these companies that are trying to go kind of at the speed of light, that that's a big challenge. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, even Anthropic, I think it's been publicly released like 1 to four billion in 6 months or something like this is like &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's not a thing that companies do. &gt;&gt; What are we talking about? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Totally. Totally. had like I think about Daniela and their company's like what like a thousand people. &gt;&gt; Not even. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's it's it's around that size. It's not huge, right? &gt;&gt; It's like how much how big is Confluent? &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, bigger actually. Yeah, totally. &gt;&gt; That's like Can you imagine the scale that they're going through right now with less people? It's like it's just it's hard to put our arms around this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It's it's really crazy. I think that um you know, it's interesting. One of the things that it makes true is that the the motions that work are the ones that are almost frictionless right so it's a lot of you know productled growth type stuff people signing up uh the consumer side works you know open AI people sign up for the app you know people signing up for the app startups that works right the a lot of the traditional enterprise sales tactics are just slower and so given the rate of change you know how long does it take to hire a sales force of scale proportional to that dollar amount like a long time. And so, you know, it's interesting if you watch these companies, the ones the things that are working immediately are the things that are very fast. And um it doesn't mean the other things won't work. It's just that literally the time to get that ramp is is longer, right? You know, when you think about how a com how an enterprise company plans, you know, it's often some this is how many sales reps we're going to hire and this is how much they're going to do and this is how long it will take them to be trained and be productive and it's it's very much a year one, year two, year three kind of build of things and you know the speed that people want to move right now is much faster than that. So a lot of things are just bypassing kind of a lot of the traditional go to market partners SIS, you know, it's just moving faster than that. But it doesn't mean that stuff doesn't work. It just means the things that have that are able to move with the pace of possibility are uh are not that. &gt;&gt; At some point in the COVID days, my partner earlier said, you know, Jub, it's just weird like no companies are dying right now. Like there should be companies that nobody's dying. Everybody's getting fun like and in this world today &gt;&gt; it's it's like a derivative of that which is like every company is ripping you know like every AI company is on fire. &gt;&gt; And it like gives you a moment of pause like &gt;&gt; how could this be? And in the zero interest era the co times demand got artificially pulled forward and we just believed it was going to stay there forever and it turns out it didn't. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, right now demand is at an all-time high. So, you can basically throw out all the rules of the road that used to exist, right? But I remember at the time during, you know, 2021, 2022, people were saying the same thing. Oh, &gt;&gt; you know, we we don't really even need that many salespeople anymore. We don't even need to do outbound sales anymore. It's just interesting to like sometimes it sounds to me like oh man there is a ton of demand right now which basically hides a lot of you know it's kind of wellknown but worth rediscovering right like for any company there's you're swimming and you feel the effort you're putting in to swim but you're in some river that is moving in some direction and when the river is moving with you you don't notice you just feel like oh I'm going so fast and when the river is against you uh it's quite the opposite right so &gt;&gt; do you ever feel like you learn that lesson like like for you, right? Like I don't know. It's like &gt;&gt; you're a $32 billion market cap company and now you're a $9 billion market cap company and &gt;&gt; you were swimming with the current and now it was against the current and then you know maybe you're with the current again like &gt;&gt; there's no question about that. Right. So when we started the company you know it was kind of a open-source B2B infrastructure thing. uh and it was it was actually not an attractive space you know for employees not attractive like the best engineers wanted to be in these cool consumer things like Google was the exciting area right for investors similar thing like not interested in the open source stuff um and then you know as uh as that some of the models were proven out then you know you get a ton of excitement then less excitement so you know I think that happens and you definitely feel you definitely feel that um but you know that's why I think companies that do big things. It takes more time. You know, the world will &gt;&gt; Yeah. When you were starting the company, you were leaving LinkedIn. &gt;&gt; You were one of the founders of the open source project. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So, there was an open source project Kafka that was the kind of core technology and it was just, you know, it was about working with real-time data and so something &gt;&gt; and you were doing that on the side. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, uh, we had built it, um, you know, I guess I built it somewhat on the side. &gt;&gt; You built it, just to be clear. &gt;&gt; I I built a very early version and then other people came and built the, you know, the rest of it. And so it was an internal project at LinkedIn. Um, you know, the first the first bit of it was almost a passion project and it turned into a internal system &gt;&gt; and then turned into an open source project and then, you know, we left to start a company and kind of take it everywhere else. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And at the time, what year was that? &gt;&gt; Uh, you know, that this was around 2010 that we started working on it and we left in 2014. So, there was a fair amount of work before we started. &gt;&gt; And you kind of left LinkedIn at like the prime time of LinkedIn, too, to be fair, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I was there uh for a while. So, I joined in 2007 and that was, you know, it was kind of &gt;&gt; How many employees was it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was it was small. I think there was probably around 100 people when I joined. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, it was it was fun to watch it grow. And then, you know, it was it was probably not that long after that that the Microsoft acquisition happened. &gt;&gt; After 2014. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I think it was 2015 or something. &gt;&gt; Okay. You know, you're employee 100 at LinkedIn. Yeah. &gt;&gt; To get bought for $26 billion. &gt;&gt; You're no longer at LinkedIn. You've left. You don't know that the acquisition is going to happen. You leave. You're like probably exploring in the wilderness for at this point. Had you raised money at that point yet? &gt;&gt; You had already raised &gt;&gt; Yeah, we did it very quickly. We'd worked on this open source project for a while and so you know coming out of the company the assumption was it would take some time but it was actually fairly quick to go raise money and get started. So um because there was already a fair amount of traction around the open source so even though it was a little controversial with open source &gt;&gt; there were thousands of people using it and so that seemed like something right. &gt;&gt; And so I think for investors that makes it a little easier where you're I don't know if these open source businesses work but at least there's people want this thing. I'm curious like the the question behind the question was tens of millions of dollars hit your bank account and you're now at like this early stage startup. &gt;&gt; Are you like what am I what am I doing? &gt;&gt; Like I'm rich now like what do I care? &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I mean &gt;&gt; did it matter at all? &gt;&gt; Uh you know it helped. So you know LinkedIn had gone through a whole IPO and I felt lucky to be there early and you know certainly by my &gt;&gt; own expectations that was &gt;&gt; you know plenty of money. Um but but you know I wasn't like a executive at LinkedIn. I just joined as a software engineer. &gt;&gt; And so um yeah for me I think it actually gave me a little more freedom. You know when I was coming out of school I actually kind of wanted to start a company but it just I didn't really know how to get going with it. I didn't know how to do it. Uh and I also didn't know much about anything. So I thought I should probably have a you know a job first you know. So I I think this made it a lot easier to do something and kind of go big with it, you know, having um been lucky to be at be at LinkedIn for a while. And it was an environment that was good for that. It was a kind of very entrepreneurial &gt;&gt; LinkedIn. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Culture internally that, you know, the people there. It was, you know, I felt like we were always discussing the startup we were going to start. &gt;&gt; Totally. &gt;&gt; For you know, the entire time I was there at lunchtime. Uh &gt;&gt; and so you're saying it frees you up. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Totally. Totally. So, so yeah, it wasn't something where I, you know, I was very motivated to do this no matter what. And this took a little bit of the &gt;&gt; financial pressure off. &gt;&gt; Financial pressure off. Yeah. Cuz cuz, you know, at that point I had young kids and so it would have been um &gt;&gt; How old were they? &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, they the um it was two and four. So, uh so young. &gt;&gt; And were you you were your partner that you you obviously had the kids with? &gt;&gt; Yeah. You're still married? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. Okay. I didn't You were wearing a wedding ring, so I was like I don't know if I should &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Sorry. I dislocated my finger. &gt;&gt; I was like I was kind of &gt;&gt; Now it doesn't fit anymore. &gt;&gt; I was tiptoeing around it. I was like I don't want to &gt;&gt; Oh, no. That's very That's very perceptive. Yeah. My uh my wife picks on me, but you can tell it's a little swollen. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, like you're leaving LinkedIn. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Company's already public. So, you've already made your money and then the Microsoft was just a little bit on top or whatever. &gt;&gt; Is it like a You knew you wanted to start a company before you went to LinkedIn. How long were you with your wife for? &gt;&gt; Uh you know, for a while. So, so we uh we've known each other for a long time. We uh got together after college. So, since like 200. &gt;&gt; So, she knew that you were always hearkening to go do this thing. &gt;&gt; And then you're like, "All right, honey. Like, LinkedIn's over. Like, rid's done." &gt;&gt; And she's like, "Great. You want to go like, you know, spend a year and travel the world? Like, we have little kids. Like, do you want to do like was there a negotiation?" She just like, "Go do your thing." &gt;&gt; No, it wasn't anything like that. Like, I made a little bit of money off of LinkedIn and felt very good. I meant like more like all right are you ready for like like do you want to go do cuz with little kids. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So we were you know we were working at LinkedIn we were thinking about this company for a long time because we're you know here we are we're working on this open source project that we were very passionate about right and so as we released it as open source we thought oh this is going to be a really big deal. We' done some other open source work and this was much better. And at first nobody thought much of it and but over time it caught on and so it was kind of a thing that was moving and we thought could be a really big deal. And so you know it's a weird thing if you're in a company and you're part of something like that you're like oh this is you know this is actually very exciting but we're probably not going to make it into a big thing you know as a side project in a you know the middle of a social network. Like it's just not the right setup to really put time into this. to some extent it's kind of already as good as this company needs it to be and so we you know we've had work that made sense for LinkedIn and was good for them but it probably doesn't make sense to try and grow the team here and more you know if we could make this something that every company used there's got to be some value in that and uh you know I think at least for me it was like hey we were starting to get people reaching out from just all kinds of other industry outside of tech like I didn't really know much about technology you outside of the kind of Silicon Valley companies. And so as we talked to those companies, it seemed like there was something there was something they needed. They were kind of calling us and they, you know, they were interested in the technology and they had all these needs and they're like, well, you know, when is it going to be on the road map and we're like, you know, there is no road map. It's an open source project. So I I think that kind of gave some indication that there was something happening. Your kids are young at that point. &gt;&gt; Can you even like do you like black out during that point in time? Like, do you remember those times where you're like, let me just say like &gt;&gt; 4 in the morning, you wake up, go to the bathroom, all of a sudden your mind starts racing about the company. &gt;&gt; Next thing you know, like you hear the kids crying. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I definitely I definitely remember it. I definitely remember it. I mean, so um you know, I'd wanted to do something for a while. You know, we kind of debated the just the timing of the second kid and when we were going to do things. And so when when we left to do this, you know, it was actually very deliberate. We talked about it for a long time. &gt;&gt; Who's we? &gt;&gt; Uh me and my co-founders. uh Nhan Jun and so we really you know we probably overly planned every aspect of how the company would work and the product and of course we knew almost nothing about how an enterprise company function so our ability to plan it was very limited but we tried &gt;&gt; so we actually thought about it for a very long time and then as we did it um then it was definitely a little bit of like oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] now now we've jumped uh &gt;&gt; so so yeah you know I think as we as we left uh LinkedIn and told them we were leaving you know they they very kindly offered to invest uh but they were like oh you know it would have to be some kind of priced fundraising rounds because we don't &gt;&gt; you know we don't know how we would account for it if we did some venture investment. So we were like oh okay this is a good opportunity it's awesome that they're involved you know that's a positive signal but now we need to go like raise money well before we're &gt;&gt; ready for it. So that was how we came out and kind of raised money right away was &gt;&gt; we basically had an investor as we were leaving and that was kind of a &gt;&gt; well the good news is at that point you're like locked in like there's no turning back. So it turned into a good investment for uh LinkedIn as well even though um &gt;&gt; I mean they were first money in &gt;&gt; turned into an amazing investment for them. &gt;&gt; That's right. That's right. So so um you know some years later I I met the person who uh ran LinkedIn Ventures. &gt;&gt; Was it Emily Troy? &gt;&gt; Yeah, but there was no there was uh No, it wasn't. Uh it was somebody who worked for Okay. There was no LinkedIn Ventures of course when we were there or we're leaving. So So they inherited this in one investment that did really good. So it was like, oh, we started off on a positive note. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. And like when you started the company, you did all this planning. &gt;&gt; And then reality hits you in the face. &gt;&gt; And like what were the things the realities that started to be like, oh my god, like this is so far off of what I expected. &gt;&gt; Oh, just many many ways. Um, you know, first of all, it was much harder than I thought. Maybe psychologically or whatever. You know, I always felt like in my work I was very um you know, kind of fearless. I thought that was my superpower in LinkedIn. I was like, you know, worst case I will try anything. If I get fired, if it doesn't work, worst case they fire me. I'll find another job somehow, right? And you know, I always thought that was a real advantage. And then with the company, it's much more personal, right? Like if it's like, oh, if it doesn't work, you know, all these people you tried to hire or convin, you know, it's it's your thing, right? There's no other there's no other excuse for it. &gt;&gt; And anybody, you know, once you've hired somebody in an early company, you've really pitched them like some vision of how it could be great, right? &gt;&gt; And you know, as you're doing it, you're you're kind of like asterisk I hope, right? Like I hope I hope we can do all these big things. And so then, you know, I guess I just felt very on the hook for trying to make it successful. And it's hard, you know, in an early company. I think you you always feel a little bit like a fake because you just have nothing, right? You're like, "Okay, we have this, you know, quote unquote company with no customers and, you know, whatever seven employees and uh, you know, a ramshackle office, whatever. It just doesn't look doesn't it doesn't feel very impressive." And so the in that state kind of really going after it uh is difficult. &gt;&gt; And then yeah, it was compounded by the fact that we didn't know much about how enterprise businesses worked or even C you know nontech customers things. &gt;&gt; So yeah I remember you know there was a funny thing &gt;&gt; in one of the early fundraising meetings which is right as we were starting the company you know one of the um you know one of the venture capitalists we were talking to was like well what's your strategy around services and I I just assumed you meant like a web services or like you know something like that but you meant like you know services like consulting. Uh and I just I just didn't know that was a thing companies did. So I was like oh services. Yeah, we'll we'll do a you know managed service also. Uh and he was like, you know, kind of looked at me funny and and then he like explained what he was talking about. I was like, "Oh, oh yeah, we should probably think about that. I don't know." &gt;&gt; That's awesome. On the on the psychological question. &gt;&gt; Like of being fearless at LinkedIn and then maybe fearful when you started Confluent. &gt;&gt; Like did the fear derive from &gt;&gt; Okay. If I'm at LinkedIn, &gt;&gt; and I go for something and it doesn't work. Yeah. There's always a fall back. I can always go do another job. Yeah. Somewhere else. Totally. Like I'm hirable, you know. Whereas if you're a confluent, &gt;&gt; you there is no fall back. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. That I think that's exactly right. &gt;&gt; Is that right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And also um you know there when you work in a company there's always a bunch of things that don't seem like they're going quite right. But to some extent it's not your problem. I mean you're worried about it but it's not you know it's like okay fine maybe that doesn't work. Somebody's problem. It's not my problem. like I I've done my part and then if you found the company that's really not the case like it's kind of all your problem and so you know every uncontrollable thing in the world you know logically you should just be like well if it works it works but in practice I think that's very hard to do &gt;&gt; so yeah I thought that adjustment uh to kind of early CEO in many ways that was probably the hardest part you know hardest part of the job and then also just the the degree to which it is um you know as an engineer you have a lot of very um knowable decisions. An early company you're making a bunch of very unknowable decisions like what market's going to be good, what are we building for, you know, how are we going to do all these things. They're important but you just don't know the right answer and you kind of can't till you try it. &gt;&gt; And then you're also just doing a lot of selling. You know it's ultimately a you know early on you're selling to customers. &gt;&gt; How uncomfortable was selling for you? &gt;&gt; Um it was uncomfortable. I mean I you I there's always a little bit of that you know if you hire people whatever your job is you're selling right so um and I was I was excited about the stuff we were doing but it was definitely an adjustment to do that as 70% of your job instead of 10 right uh so that was different so so yeah all that I thought the that was probably the biggest adjustment and then just how hard things are like in an early company nobody wants to work for an early company because it just doesn't seem like it's going to make You know, so in as we left, we had this list of all our great engineer friends and our assumption was like 80% of them would immediately come join this awesome idea and like and it was like 10%. So, you know, everybody says no. So, it was just like, you know, no, no, no. And then when you think about it, you're like, yeah, okay, actually, how, you know, it just doesn't seem that put together early on. Um whereas in reality you know the kind of fundamentals don't change that much between three people and 100 people. You know it's not a massive difference in well okay you maybe you know maybe you've gotten a few customers but just kind of the ultimate outcome for the company is still very undetermined in a company with whatever 20 50 100 people. &gt;&gt; But it's that early stage just seems so questionable. Uh whereas once there's kind of you know a nice looking building with a sign on the door people feel like oh okay that's that's something &gt;&gt; totally when uh somebody would say no an engineer. &gt;&gt; Yeah &gt;&gt; that was like your friend or you worked with them they worked for you. &gt;&gt; How did you take that? &gt;&gt; Uh you know I'm always very persistent so I just you know I just kept trying &gt;&gt; a no was closer to a yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I I always feel with hiring you you know you often end up hiring the people it just takes five years you know if they're really good it's probably worth it &gt;&gt; full contact sport &gt;&gt; yeah no I mean like no if somebody's not interested I mean they're not going to join then but they may be interested later and you know I've always found that you know certainly in the company now that's kind of always what I say to hiring managers is there's some areas where you need to just be clever but hiring you just need to put in the work. You just need to really expend a lot of effort and um you know it's kind of a grind but ultimately &gt;&gt; you know if you end up with a bunch of really great people on your team it's totally worth it. &gt;&gt; What are some of the lengths that you've gone like what are the greatest lengths that you've gone either time &gt;&gt; or vigorous efforts in in a short period of time Yeah. to get people across the line. I'm curious. Oh, you know, I there's probably many examples where it was a number of years, but it wasn't uh continuous. It was just, you know, periodically you check in with people who you think would be good. Um, &gt;&gt; and then, you know, for the early executives, those are some of the hardest hires. So, then there's of course a lot of wooing, &gt;&gt; you know. So, uh, you know, uh, we would do all kinds of things to try and get people excited. Oh, we would take, you know, pictures of the entire executive team with one missing spot that was for them. And so I would send them texts, you know, I would send flower. I would do all kinds of things just to try and get them to feel some love because I feel like, you know, in some sense that's that's one of the hardest roles to fill. Like if you're if you have any qualifications, like you've done something, then kind of joining a really un early unproven company is kind of it's a bit of a coin flip. Then once people have something going, they've done something, they don't want to, they don't want to coin flip, right? And so you have to work extra hard there. &gt;&gt; Did you fall prey to the like fancy executive thing? &gt;&gt; No. No. Uh &gt;&gt; like all these fancy executives that you're like, &gt;&gt; "Oh, I want, you know, they have this goldplated LinkedIn." &gt;&gt; No. No. Early on the company was not that attractive. So nobody none of us were goldplated. uh you know the um you know it was kind of back to that you know it was a market that nobody believed existed and this kind of real-time streaming data like what the heck is that? Um, and so it was either, you know, going to be some small thing that was kind of niche or um wouldn't work at all or, you know, it would be killed by the cloud or um, you know, something else, right? And so there was just all there was just all these things kind of stacked against us. And so I I think it wasn't uh early on it wasn't an obvious bet. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And that that did make it much harder in terms of hiring executives. &gt;&gt; Like you fundamentally couldn't get the fancy executive. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. So we had great early people but it was you know none of them were some goldplated thing where it uh you know it was a a trophy trophy person if that makes sense. &gt;&gt; Yeah it does. When people would tell you &gt;&gt; that it's not that big of a market or a customer would be like I don't get it or whatever. &gt;&gt; Yeah. in those early days like I know what everybody says which is yeah they just don't get it I have deep conviction. &gt;&gt; Is that how it felt for you or like is there another like maybe more sober reality which is like each of those also sews a seed of doubt in you? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I would say um no I was pretty confident. So like the early at the very early bit we were like yeah okay is there a thing here? And then um very quickly uh you know we'd spent a lot of time in the space and I think without that it would have been very difficult because of course yeah there's a lot of disbelief but but I think very early on as we were talking with people using the technology it was very clear that there was something there and there was very clear that um you know somebody would do this right and so I think that part was actually pretty motivating because it was like well okay somebody's clearly going to be successful at this if if we're not successful at it but we were here first that would be very disappointing right it'll be really it'll be really sad to watch that happen uh so we better make this you know we better make this work um and so yeah actually you know quite the opposite I felt like oh no you know maybe there's a question of timing maybe there's a question of something else but just you know in our space we kind of existed in this world where there was a lot of this like batch data stuff which is like oh we grab the data out of some systems and shove it in data warehouse at the end of the day and then run some processes on it that kind of &gt;&gt; turn through it and get it into better shape. And &gt;&gt; you know I think we felt very confident that like logically um you know if you want to build a business that kind of acts on data you're going to have something that's kind of continuous and you there was all these examples of people doing it and there was the adoption of the open source. So we kind of thought like okay there's clearly something happening here and logically it has to happen and it is moving now. So I think the mentality early on was like no it's you know it's go time like we have to go after it. And so I think we were you know for for a um you know for a company you're always terrified of one of two things right? One is the market isn't big enough or doesn't exist right or somebody else is going to get it. It's either one or the other right? If you're not terrified of one of those things then you know maybe you're not paying attention. But &gt;&gt; um yeah for us it was always somebody else is going to get it. And so, you know, it was it was it was early in the life of the company. I think, you know, Amazon launched products in the space and we're like, okay, that's that's a big compelling idea. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It's not ideal. And, you know, at the time there was, &gt;&gt; you know, there was like little writeups and it was like, okay, like, you know, Amazon was seen as just killing off companies, AWS particularly, just killing off, you know, startup companies of all kinds all the time. So it was just kind of like I I don't know exactly what the articles were but it was basically like rip confluent you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean you mean it probably looks like the articles that people are writing about anthropic and open AI right now as they release a new model. &gt;&gt; Like RIP app layer. &gt;&gt; Totally. Totally. So uh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Similar similar dynamic. So at the time the concern was much more that kind of competitive threat that we weren't going to you know we weren't going to get it. &gt;&gt; What was your exit headcount after the first year? &gt;&gt; We grew relatively quickly. So I would say um you know maybe we started with three and maybe after a year we went to I don't know 25 30 something like that. It was &gt;&gt; you made good progress. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So we &gt;&gt; that's a lot mostly engineers. &gt;&gt; Uh yeah well it was engineers and other stuff. So you know because we had the open source we put together a product pretty quickly you know so we had a product in like like six months or something after starting the company. It was quick and it was a not much of a product but it was a little baby product. Uh &gt;&gt; yeah so like we were you know we were basically in the market in the first year. &gt;&gt; Um and that was kind of part of that same you know the idea was like you know okay we raised money now's the time for this. I think we felt maybe we were a year later than we should be starting. Um in retrospect I don't know that that's true. &gt;&gt; Why did you feel that way? because AWS and others were starting to release stuff. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I think there were you know there was enough happening in the cloud and there was enough adoption of the open- source and um you know it now nobody remembers them but there was these uh Hadoop companies that were doing like big data stuff &gt;&gt; and they were kind of adopting the open source and we were like just okay these companies are bigger than us and uh AWS is much bigger than us and so we were like we just have to like go after it. So, so yeah, we we pushed very very very hard in those kind of early years to just, you know, get out there and so soak up what we could and kind of grow the the company. Um, you know, I I think in a healthy way, but um but go after it. Isn't that the great ironic hallmark of most entrepreneurs is like everybody thinks they're late and you have no concept of &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, that could be. &gt;&gt; That could be. That could be. I mean in our in our case we always had this open source project that was out ahead of us &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; and so it would just be like okay you know there's thousands of people using this and we have like whatever five customers like what is wrong with us and so you know we felt very driven &gt;&gt; to get out there while there was you know while the time was right I guess &gt;&gt; yeah that makes sense if you look at what's happening today like part of the reason why I ask the the headcount question Yeah. &gt;&gt; Is this like if you were rebuilding Confluent today? I know we're living in Bizarro World again, but &gt;&gt; if you were, &gt;&gt; would you hire the same amount of people? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a good question. I mean, the um right now, you know, it you know, there's kind of a meme that AI you could just be like 10 times more efficient. &gt;&gt; I don't think that's quite true. Um, you know, some of the AI companies are lean, but a lot of that is just time. You know, if you look at how they're adding people, they're adding people like at a rapid rate. They're just, you know, you know, if the company's four years old, there's only so many people you're going to have. And in practice, the more human intensive things like a larger salesforce, you just are only going to build at a certain rate. So, I do think there was a period where all companies probably added too many people uh including Confluent, right? the but I don't think I don't think today you could um you know you could dramatically change things whenever you hear somebody say like oh you could do it with 70% less people I don't think it's really true &gt;&gt; with the one person billion dollar company &gt;&gt; it could be it could be true it could be true soon right it's just not true &gt;&gt; what would change for that to be true soon &gt;&gt; uh a number of things have to change right so first of all you know if you want to get there with you know if the idea is that you can do it now because of AI you know I think The models need to be good enough to do a lot of stuff on their own at a level of quality that we're kind of just getting to in some domains. And you would also have to have the ability to orchestrate a lot more of the kind of tooling that does stuff within the company directly from the model without having to build that yourself. &gt;&gt; And I think those two things are not quite there. Um, but he's getting there. So the the thought is right. I think it's just a it's probably a couple years couple years ahead. &gt;&gt; Uh we'll we'll see. I mean the um you know there's a lot of hiring among AI companies. They're small but they're mostly because they're young. I think you know they're growing. &gt;&gt; Even them they're not slowing down hiring. &gt;&gt; That's right. That's right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Do you still write code? &gt;&gt; No. No. &gt;&gt; You think if you you brought the old fast ball out you could still &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. still can write code but I mean you know the uh &gt;&gt; it's just not a good use of your time. Uh yeah well I guess there's two questions right so one is do I write uh code for confluence product which is like no absolutely uh you know all of that stuff has to work really well and be cared for over a long period of time but I still write code on the on the side yeah I mean once you have the skill it's um useful yeah I don't do I used to do big long coding projects and you know the problem with being a CEO is you just have too many little interruptions to sustain that kind of stuff. &gt;&gt; But you know, I can do small little coding projects which are actually the more fun ones. &gt;&gt; You don't want to check in any code to the uh Confluent. &gt;&gt; No, it doesn't help. You know, it's an interesting uh symbolic move, but you know, the thing with code is somebody has to kind of own it and care for it. So coming in and dropping some 90% done thing that somebody else has to clean up is not it's not actually the gift symbolic like oh you know whatever Sergey at Google is now checking in. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly right. Exactly. &gt;&gt; And everyone's like oh he's back type thing. He's &gt;&gt; engaged. So does it does it symbolize that that's an important effort? It does. &gt;&gt; Is that meaningfully increasing the velocity of the Google AI team? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Probably not. &gt;&gt; Yeah. probably not unless he's there every day doing it, right? You know, ultimately there's different types of jobs, but computer programming is a, you know, long attention span, long chunks of time day after day type of thing. You know, popping in with your cool idea half done is not that useful &gt;&gt; unless you're you know where it's where it's useful is if you want to prove to some if you want to prove to people that something is possible &gt;&gt; to be built. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You can build a demo. You can build &gt;&gt; Oh, like they'll tell you we can't build that feature. like I'll show you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, that's exactly that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. No, certainly the &gt;&gt; Have you done it? &gt;&gt; Well, certainly the, you know, engineering always works off time estimates, which is like how long will it take to do this, right? And it's all hypothetical. Uh, and so yeah, you can do a little bit of demo coding to show that it probably could be done faster. &gt;&gt; Meaning they'll you'll be like, "Okay, we have three months to ship this feature." And they'll be like, "Jay, are you nuts? Like three months? Like it's going to take us at least six." And you'll be like, "All right, cool." that weekend you go hack on something and then you come back and you're like &gt;&gt; I think you can prove little bits of it. Uh you know you can't really prove the production quality finished product and then I think just having you know intuition of how things could be done differently I think that helps speed things up at times. &gt;&gt; Yeah. When the company started to really take off &gt;&gt; Yeah. Did the CEO job become more fun or less? &gt;&gt; Because I think people obviously the dream &gt;&gt; is you are part of a high growth company as the CEO and founder. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; But I from the conversations that I have almost every day. &gt;&gt; I think there's a bigger burden than most would realize. &gt;&gt; I I actually don't think the CEO job is super fun. You know, it's not like a joyful job. you know, you you typically have a lot of like bigger problems that have to be solved. There's always more pressure. It's never um you know, I can imagine it depends on your definition of fun, right? I think the people who uh you know, the people who are drawn to it, you know, I think there's a set of different reasons, right? One is okay, you're trying to accomplish something. &gt;&gt; The other is you just you know, you like the &gt;&gt; the ego side of it. you know, there's probably others, but I think the um you know, I think certainly being a software engineer is more fun than being a CEO. Uh &gt;&gt; you think so? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Um yeah, but it depends on what you enjoy, right? But the, you know, for people who enjoy software engineering, you get to just do that. Uh for you know, for the CEO, it's like whatever the biggest problem is, you need to get that solved. &gt;&gt; But then, but you enjoyed software engineering. &gt;&gt; Why didn't you just keep doing that? &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's a good question. I mean, ultimately, you know, for me, I always want to like, you know, solve some problem. So, we were working on this thing. We wanted to solve this problem. What do you have to do to solve a problem? Well, we had to start a company. You know, what do you have to do to make the company successful? You have to do all these other things. Um, so you kind of fall into it that way. You know, it's not a lifestyle job is what I would say. At least not the enterprise CEO. I think there's versions of this where, you know, maybe you can be off on your island and think interesting thoughts and somebody else runs the company. But I I think actually the best enterprise CEOs, it's a pretty, you know, it's hard work. You're traveling, you're meeting the team in different places, you're visiting customers, you're solving whatever problems are in the business, you know, it's it's, you know, it's a workhorse job for sure. &gt;&gt; Do you feel like you have the juice that you did 10 years ago? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I I Yeah, I I definitely I I mean, if anything, I think the biggest difference is the skill set has improved substantially. You know, I the the challenge as an early founder is like you're just unless you've been a CEO before, you're not really good at the basics of the job. And so you're you know, you're both trying to do something really hard, but you're also just trying to learn, you know, how to do it at all. Yeah. So I I actually think, you know, that helps a lot in terms of just, you know, getting stuff done. And then I I think if anything the workload probably ramps up as the company gets bigger and more complicated. It certainly hasn't ramped down. Um you know &gt;&gt; you think you work more now than like year one. &gt;&gt; It's probably about the same. I mean I feel like any of these jobs you kind of max out on what you can do and after that you have to delegate or let it slide or whatever it is, right? But you know it's going to fill the time that's available and that happens pretty quickly, right? There's no there, you know, there's no point in a company where there's nothing left to do. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Do you find pockets of time now that are like sacred for you? &gt;&gt; Do you have a notion of sacred time? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I Well, there's two things. I mean, first of all, you know, I have a I also have a life. I have a you know, wonderful family that I love to spend time with and friends that I do things with. So, um you know, so that exists, right? And it's it's probably less time for that than it would be if I wasn't doing a very intense job. Um, you know, but I I still really care about uh, you know, all of those relationships and all of that. &gt;&gt; Do you create intentional space for it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think if you don't Well, you know, I I think look, for any of these very demanding jobs, I I think it will eat whatever is available, right? And so you could theoretic, you know, you could work uh 110 hours a week and you still wouldn't be done, right? And you know, whether or not you're making things better in that 110th hour or not, I don't know. You're probably pretty exhausted, but um you know, so so at some point it's about you know, you're you have a capped allocation of time and you're directing that at the things you think are most important to get it done, right? And that is going to be what it what it is. And so I think and I think that's how I think that's how any kind of executive job ends up working where you're just like okay this is you know this is the this is how we're allocating time and you're kind of rearranging that to try and focus on the things that matter and that's you know that's the only way to do it. that day. &gt;&gt; I've heard Eric Schmidt say in an interview that his sweet spot is probably 62 hours. Like he's his like some formula that he has where he's like anything above 62 is just completely waste is completely wasted and 62 is like I'm &gt;&gt; fully fully loaded. &gt;&gt; That's the interesting framing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's interesting. I I mean, so first of all, I've never found, you know, people always say that. They're like, "Oh, it's not productive to work more than X hours." I've never really found I mean at some point you have to sleep but I've never found that like oh if you do more work you're actually &gt;&gt; going backwards in productivity maybe it's not your most valuable hour &gt;&gt; but you know is it sustainable there's some there's some point at which it's not sustainable right or not &gt;&gt; not not a thing you could keep doing for you know multiple years &gt;&gt; has it always felt sustainable for you over 10 years &gt;&gt; no I always work you know I felt like I've always worked in two-year sprints kind of where you're like okay I you know this this is what we need to do in these next few years. I can definitely do that. You know, beyond that, who knows? And I think that's easier for me at least. Some some people have some grand multi-deade plan, I'm sure. But but &gt;&gt; and then after two years, you like &gt;&gt; Yeah. There's always some new thing that that has to be done. &gt;&gt; Take a beat. And then you're like, "All right, here's two more years." &gt;&gt; Totally. And then Yeah. You know, I think in, you know, at work, I always think it's important to have some things that are fun that you're excited about. You know, for me it's always something I always like these new product initiatives, the kind of early stuff. You know, I think that's very fun. Um, you know, trying to get some of the early things working, uh, get customers to use them. It's always the messy time. I mean, parts of it are often very frustrating, but I like it and I feel like, okay, I I add some value there. So, so I like and so, so I think it's important, you know, even Yeah, I think it's always important to have disproportionately do a little bit of the things that that you like doing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like some outlet of it was like uh what was I reading this? They were talking about how at some point in Amazon's, you know, it was like public and things were going okay. &gt;&gt; And then Jeff uh wanted to do the phone. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And nobody really thought it was a good idea except for it was just an outlet for Jeff &gt;&gt; to be able to do something to keep him engaged. &gt;&gt; And they were like even if we burn a billion dollars, but it keeps Jeff engaged. Like that's probably a win. &gt;&gt; Well, yeah, that's right. They never got that phone to quite work, did they? &gt;&gt; It just got announced that we just led the uh bee of a company called Harmonic that I don't know if you've seen saw. It's like a It's like a math b like they're going to go to the to the international math competition and go solve math problems with their LLM. Like the LM is going to compete with &gt;&gt; with like these smartest mathematicians and they're building a math foundational model to go solve the hard math problems of the world and then make a bet that you can do a lot more once you've done that. &gt;&gt; And you know Vlad from Robin Hood is the &gt;&gt; chairman but like involved. Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know, but he's not like a dayto-day. And then you know like there's all these like uh you know uh Brian Armstrong is doing New Limit which is like you know they like these side quests again like in the spirit of like outlets right it's &gt;&gt; nobody ever thought before until Elon really that outlets could be other companies like that was allowed &gt;&gt; you know and he's proven like well it turns out like it is allowed you know &gt;&gt; you ever think like h &gt;&gt; no not for me that's too much I I always feel like um but I I don't know I My my feeling has always been you know you should really do the thing full-time and full engagement right so the models where you know you have some COO that runs the company and the CEO goes and thinks about the future um you know I think it's a little irresponsible &gt;&gt; you know like there's some place where all the parts of the company come together and if it's not the CEO it's somebody else then uh you know did you you know are you are you getting the best person for that job and or are they able to do it as effectively as they could? &gt;&gt; That's fair. But let's just say one of your best employees at Confluence is like similar to like what happened at LinkedIn, right? &gt;&gt; They're like, "Jay, I'm going to go start this company. Can you help me?" &gt;&gt; And you'll be like, "Yeah, great. I'm going to introduce you to venture capitalist, whatever." And they'll be like, "No, no, like can you be involved?" And you're like, "Man, like I love this problem that you're solving, you know?" be like, "Well, Jay, can you just like, you know, join me on the board and spend, you know, like some time helping us raise some money and we can like iterate with us and be the chairman. Don't be involved on the dayto-day, but like be the chairman and help us with some like brand credibility." Would you take him up on &gt;&gt; Um, you know, I I'll meet with people periodically and try to help them, but like in terms of really helping, like really getting in there and doing it, &gt;&gt; the answer is no. I just I I think you have to have some some like focus and commitment. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I think it's really easy in Silicon Valley to get distracted by lots of little things. Yeah. And just not do anything that well. And so and you know I I feel like it would be it's like irresponsible to the people you know inside of Confluent who are working full-time there if the CEO is off. &gt;&gt; Doing whatever else. &gt;&gt; But here's the counter argument to that in the Bezos example. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; It's like is Jay at 90% capacity &gt;&gt; Yeah. or commitment. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Better than no Jay. Sure. &gt;&gt; And if what it takes Sure. &gt;&gt; to get Jay to stay here is 90% capacity and that 10% goes to some side quest that he's doing. &gt;&gt; Is that worth it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Who knows? I mean, it's it's easy to tell yourself a story like that. &gt;&gt; Totally. Totally. But at the end of the day, I mean, you know, and there's different types of companies, but I I feel like um, you know, we're in a fairly demanding business. And so, I think it's just really easy. It's hard enough with full-time engagement and like a very high level of energy to like make everything go well. you know, I I I think it would be very difficult with a couple of side quests going and a, you know, the venture fund on the side and the, you know, second company or whatever to really keep things on track. And and you know, at least for me, kind as I was saying before, I've never found that the marginal hour of effort and time doesn't help. And so, you know, I I think you kind of have to make some choices about what's most important. Otherwise, you just end up kind of very diffuse across a lot of things. &gt;&gt; Yeah. How do you run your days? Like I'm curious. Like give me a day. What time do you wake up? What do you do when you wake up? &gt;&gt; Oh, I get up early and uh go uh Yeah, probably about 5:30. And then &gt;&gt; Oh, like actually early. Yeah. &gt;&gt; For an engineer, especially early. Ear early. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And uh and then I go work out and then uh almost every day. &gt;&gt; Um you know, as as long as I slept well. &gt;&gt; And then I Yeah. Then I come uh come work for you know the chunk of time you know either going to the office or from home and uh um usually that's the bulk of it. So and some some mixture of meetings and focus time &gt;&gt; but like okay you work out. Let's go like actually detail through it. You work out 5:30 you're done at 6:30. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Around there. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; ish. &gt;&gt; You go home. You're Are you working out at home or you going to the gym? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I go to the gym in the morning and uh Yeah. and then come home and have have uh you know, assuming there's no evening thing, then you know, hang out with my family. &gt;&gt; Did you do the coffee before you worked out? &gt;&gt; Are you into the like creatine and all that yet? Have you done all the Brian Johnson protocols? &gt;&gt; No, I'm not on the full uh Ryan Johnson protocol. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. So, you just go do a normal workout. &gt;&gt; Come home, breakfast with the kids, family. No, you don't see &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I just eat on my own. The kids, the kids are now teenagers with probably busier lives than me. You know, they're off swimming and going to school and doing whatever. &gt;&gt; When you work out, do you listen to things? &gt;&gt; Uh, yeah. I actually do. I go to like a workout class. I do uh, you know, it's a cliche now, but CrossFit, you go do a group and do &gt;&gt; So, you don't listen to anything? &gt;&gt; Uh, well, it's just whatever they play. Yeah. Okay. &gt;&gt; Whatever they play in the class. &gt;&gt; When you work out, do you think about work? &gt;&gt; Um, no. No. Uh, one of the things I like about it is, you know, the workout's hard enough that you just really put aside everything else. Uh, so, you know, for me, I always find it's kind of meditative. You know, you just want to clear your mind. &gt;&gt; Um, so I used to run a lot and you kind of do that, but you actually also just kind of think about things a lot when you're running. Yeah. &gt;&gt; But if the exercise is a little harder, then you really don't think about anything other than the what you're doing. &gt;&gt; That's why you switch to CrossFit. It's more rigorous and therefore you can turn your brain off. &gt;&gt; Yeah. it turns your brain off. I think that's really nice to do something that's hard and uh you know, physical, not intellectual. Um, and you know, you're kind of very present in whatever you're doing for at least that little chunk of time. &gt;&gt; Mh. &gt;&gt; And then you kind of go on with the rest of your day. &gt;&gt; And when you go, so then you let's say you go to the office. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Do you have a a meeting start time that's ideal for you? Like not before a certain time? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I I try I try to keep it to 8 am. Um &gt;&gt; it's pretty early still. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We you know but um you know the company's very global and so the reality is if you want to coordinate with people in &gt;&gt; you could be doing calls all night. &gt;&gt; The uh yeah there's um you can't be really picky about the hours. You have to have some early mornings and some late nights or not get in much time with people who are in different time zones. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm curious. I was with um Henry Shuck uh the Zoom Info founder. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Who I think is like one of the goats. Honestly, I love Henry. He's a great person. He's a great CEO. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And I was &gt;&gt; at his house in Boston. &gt;&gt; And it was me, him, and his daughter having dinner together. &gt;&gt; And it was like actually like a really nice moment of like a public company CEO just like sitting down with his family having dinner. &gt;&gt; And I was like, "How often do you do dinner at home?" &gt;&gt; And he was like, "Almost every night." And I'm like, "Can you get away with that?" &gt;&gt; Yeah. And he's like, "If I travel, I try and make it in and out." Yeah. &gt;&gt; And the reality is like I'm not traveling that much like I used to. And &gt;&gt; he was like, um, &gt;&gt; now I've moved every dinner meeting basically to like a coffee at 5:00, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Or a lunch or whatever. He's like, I don't even think people want to spend three hours with me and I don't think people want to be eating when we're talking together. He's like, so I have to at home almost every night. &gt;&gt; And I was like, huh? Yeah. That's pretty good. Yeah, I uh yeah, I feel like I end up with a fair number of dinner things, but not, you know, yeah, I I eat at home a lot, but uh now, you know, the kids are so busy that like whether or not they're eating dinner, it's not like family dinners every night, but it's not be I actually would like that. I think uh my wife and kids are probably so busy. I'm the weakest link. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then what time are you in bed? You go home. What time are you in bed? &gt;&gt; Uh certainly by 10:30. &gt;&gt; Okay, that's not bad. Yeah. Do you work until you go to sleep? &gt;&gt; Uh, no. No. &gt;&gt; Like, are you in a bed laptop guy? &gt;&gt; No. Ideally not. Every I mean, every once in a while you're on email or something, but no. I always find it hard to sleep if I if I do work stuff right before then. I'm just, you know, that won't turn off at all. &gt;&gt; So, no. No. &gt;&gt; And is there like a buffer that you give yourself to &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I usually I usually try and leave at least the last hour and a half, two hours. &gt;&gt; That's pretty good. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Totally. &gt;&gt; Go and do not disturb or something. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, sometimes I'll go eat and I'll have a little bit of things to clean up in the end. You know, do a little bit of work, some whatever lingering emails and um and sometimes nothing at all. &gt;&gt; And then what do you do in that hour and a half, two hours? Like how do you feel that time? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I always feel like the um Oh, you like what do I do when I'm not working? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like like call it from 8:30 to 10:30. &gt;&gt; Yeah. All kinds of random all kinds of random stuff. You know, I I hang out with my kids. They're at the age where it's like, okay, you know, you you have teenagers, they're not going to be around forever, right? You know, if you're 15, you got a few more years, but eventually they're going off to college. So, you know, I like to try and, you know, just see them. I uh occasionally I play video games with friends. Uh I do, um, you know, just random things. I I used to do a fair amount of rock climbing with friends, but I haven't done as much of that recently. Um, so just, you know, random things. &gt;&gt; Do your kids know like that dad is a big deal? Like, do they know that like he's, you know? &gt;&gt; Yeah. They're completely unimpressed completely. You know, I It's It's just the nature of teenagers that whatever your parents do is just the dumbest. &gt;&gt; Do you think they don't care? &gt;&gt; They got off that earnings. &gt;&gt; No, I'll tell you. As I was leaving, uh, my daughter was driving up with my wife and I was like, "Hey, I'm going off. I'm going to be on a podcast." And she's like, "What's the podcast?" And she's like I was like, "The Grit Podcast." She was like, "Oh, I listen to that all the time." And I was like, "Oh, you do?" And she was like, "No, &gt;&gt; they don't care." So that's Yeah, that's that's the basic attitude. So, and I was like, "Oh, I thought it was cool." [Applause] &gt;&gt; But I will tell you, when they were littleer, it was much easier to impress them. In fact, &gt;&gt; the one of my the best one was I was there was some marketing video that had me in it. So, I was sent the draft copy and so I'm watching this video and it's, you know, it's it's on YouTube because that's where you're going to share the video. So, even the draft is on YouTube at password protected. And my daughter comes over and she sees me on YouTube and she's like, "You're on YouTube? How did you get on YouTube?" I don't remember how old she was, but you know, and she and I was like, "Yeah, I'm on YouTube." And I was like, "This isn't the only one. I have lots of videos on YouTube." And she was like, "Oh my god." And she was like, "How did it happen?" like and she had no idea that you could just anybody can be on YouTube at that age. Uh but um but I think that was the that was the peak that that was where I peaked. It's been all it's been all downhill since then. &gt;&gt; Did do they has your passion for software tech engineering and company building turned them the other way or? &gt;&gt; No, not not really. &gt;&gt; They gotten more interested because of it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, it Yeah, they they are not that interested in it. Um, the one loves to tell me how much she hates her computer science class. So, uh, yeah. So, it, you know, but I think isn't that the way it is like with your parents? It's it's really hard to be independent of them. So, you're either in uh, you know, the things you do are either in their footsteps or in reaction to, &gt;&gt; you know, like it's just hard to have no relationship to it. You either do something because your parents did it or you don't do something because your parents &gt;&gt; like my parents were scientists and the last thing I wanted to touch was science. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Absolutely. So So um but and and it's just cuz there's they're so they're such like a big part of your life, right, that it's hard to you know it's hard to ignore. &gt;&gt; When the kids were growing up Yeah. &gt;&gt; and you there's four of you, right? You and your wife and the two kids. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Would you talk shop at the dinner table? &gt;&gt; Yeah, a little bit, but not a ton. you know, my my wife was a a history teacher, so she's not like a software person really, right? Uh so so it wasn't like we were geeking out on, you know, whatever the latest uh open source thing was. Um but we talked about it. We talked about we talked about the company idea a lot before we started it. I talked about some of the things I was working on. So yeah, we would talk a little bit about it, but the you know, for little kids, they have no idea what the stuff is, you know? They're like, "Oh yeah, &gt;&gt; dad makes apps." That's their conception, you know, whatever the thing on the iPad, that's what they understood. Uh, now I think they have a better idea, but but you know, are even less impressed. &gt;&gt; Do you not worry about like they probably didn't grow up how you grew up, you know, like totally, &gt;&gt; you know, you're like you running a big billion big company. &gt;&gt; Like they you probably live in a &gt;&gt; pretty nice place and you can travel how you want. Like like &gt;&gt; they don't have to worry about money. Like it's not a thing, you know? like how do you how do you how do you relate to that? &gt;&gt; I I think it's a huge uh concern. I mean, I don't know. You know, we nobody really knows anything about parenting. You know, that's one conclusion I've come to is uh you know, there's a lot of advice, but it's unclear where it comes from. It's a lot of people's opinions, but it's it's not clear that they've like proven it out in some way. So you so but I worry a lot you know I I think people need some amount of struggle and kind of doing things on their own. &gt;&gt; So what are you going to do like hand them the struggle? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. That's I think you can't right. I mean it's just kind of cruel if you manufacture some hardship for your kids. So so inherently you know Yeah. I tell them all the time like look you know you've got a lot of PaloAlto problems. Like they're not they're not real problems. They're Palo Alto problems. And but I I think it's hard to know that because, you know, it's true for any of us. We kind of live in our own reality and it's extra true for teenagers cuz that's all you've really seen. And so it's hard, you know, it's hard to have perspective, you know, and I I think that's always true. &gt;&gt; You worry about it. &gt;&gt; Um Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But I, you know, I &gt;&gt; even if your kids have a good head on their shoulders, it doesn't matter. Still, you got to worry about it, I imagine. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I I I definitely worry about it. I mean, I think I think you could only do so much as a parent. You know, I I've been, you know, I I think maybe you have 30% influence at best. Uh but I I think a lot of it is like, you know, kids are born with some personality that's kind of there. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And it could shape itself in different ways, but it's kind of a real thing. like the the two kids I have are actually you know kind of different in their personality but they're &gt;&gt; it's obviously same parents and kind of raised the same way. So I I you know that was really eye opening for me to see that. And then obviously you have probably some impact on how you try and raise them but of course their friends have a big impact and &gt;&gt; there's lots of randomness and so it's it's really hard to know oh you know what you should do right and and I think when it comes back to it in parenting you know even when you see all the advice half the advice is removing hardship and half the advice is adding some kind of hardship and work and struggle and so it's like in the end &gt;&gt; uh I'm probably more in the a little more hardship and self-sufficiency. &gt;&gt; And have you found gentle ways of &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yes. &gt;&gt; applying some hardship, &gt;&gt; but it doesn't really uh it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't really work. And I I don't know if uh I don't know if we have the follow through. At some point, we tried to make them do chores to get money and then pay for most of their stuff just so they would have kind of an idea of what it is even though they're, you know, at the time we started this they were too too young to really have jobs. Um, and it kind of works, but not really. Uh, you know, I think it started because my daughter lost her shoes. And I was like, "How do you lose your shoes?" And she was like, "I don't know. I just lost them." And I was like, "Well, you know, we got to buy new shoes." And she was like, "Well, what what do shoes cost? Like $8? Just buy some more shoes." And I was like, "Well, first of all, shoes don't cost $8, and you you need to eventually learn what shoes cost." Uh, so yeah, I think that was an example. So, did it help? I I don't know. maybe uh you know I I think you don't find out until much later what they're really like. It is funny like I gotta imagine you never expected to have like I mean I all my guests are &gt;&gt; you know successful and billionaires and do the whole thing right. &gt;&gt; And I don't think you realize until you're there the like weird problems that you start to have like that you just probably never expected like all right &gt;&gt; we're going on a family trip for example. It's like &gt;&gt; okay like my family trips like we all were in economy. &gt;&gt; You know probably yours too. I don't know. &gt;&gt; My my family trips were camping. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly. And now you're like, "All right, like sheesh, like I don't really want to sit economy." Yeah. &gt;&gt; You're like, "I want to sit in first. Like, I've earned it, you know?" Same with my wife. &gt;&gt; And then you're like, "Well, do the kids sit in first?" &gt;&gt; It's like, "Well, gez, like I I mean, we can afford flying private. Like, what? We could just what? So, we are the kids going to fly private?" You know, like then you start like asking yourself these like really like bizarre questions that I actually do think probably exist. Yeah. Most of the time we're like what a weird set of questions to be asking myself you know ask them. &gt;&gt; Yeah totally totally I I mean I don't know from from my point of view I feel very lucky and I think the kids will probably be fine you know I think kids are pretty resilient you know they can go through all kinds of bad things and come out fine and you know growing up in Palaw is not the worst thing. &gt;&gt; Would you would you hire your kids? &gt;&gt; Uh I not right now. Um but you know I think eventually they'll be great. You know, I I don't know. It's um I I always think I I really like teenagers. You know, it kind of depends how you think about teenagers. Some people don't like them. Uh I think they're great and I I I really like my kids. I think you can kind of see the outline of what they're going to be like when they're totally grown up, but not quite right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. What's your failure mode on hiring? Generally, &gt;&gt; I think I am a little bit uh too riskprone in that I would like somebody who is um potentially amazing but possibly awful. I don't know if it's bad, but I just I'm you know I've not versus certainly pretty good &gt;&gt; and I you know I have a question myself sometimes whether that has played out perfectly. If you had 10 candidates that you made that were the high variance, like could be great or could be awful. &gt;&gt; How many of those 10 do you think &gt;&gt; turn out to be great versus awful? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, well, okay, first of all, could be great doesn't mean necessarily great. &gt;&gt; But yeah, I I feel like it's probably a 10 to 20% bad hire type situation. And of the rest, you know, maybe it's not all amazing, but but good, right? I've &gt;&gt; amazing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. &gt;&gt; And you take that math, right? I think so. I I don't know. I don't know. I mean, &gt;&gt; why wouldn't you take that? Like, why do you question that? &gt;&gt; I do think bad executive hires are a pain and especially, you know, in the fastest growth parts of the company, you end up with like a lot of people that probably shouldn't have been hired or bad, you know, bad decisions that are difficult. But, but yeah, I've always I've always liked that. I always like to work with people who are maybe a little bit more interesting and potentially amazing. And so like at least for me, I've I've felt good about that. &gt;&gt; Do you feel like now you'd feel more comfortable taking the basket of 10 or in the early days you'd feel more comfortable taking the basket of 10? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I definitely haven't gotten less risk averse. Right. &gt;&gt; You know, I I think probably I think one thing that helped is I definitely got more clear. You know, the the challenge hiring executives early on if you found a company is like you literally don't know what these jobs even are and you've probably never worked closely with anybody who did them. So, you're like just the least qualified possible person to make the evaluation. You're trying very hard to learn and calibrate and whatever, but you just don't know what you're doing. And then you know now you know the thing I've always tried to do is like okay if there's a you know an executive leaves the company for whatever reason I'll try to run that function you know almost always and I think that's a really good practice because then you're like okay this is what this job is right um this is what they do and this is what they have to do and this is how it would go well or not well and you know I think if you do that and you know enough people who do that job you can get pretty good at being like okay this is what we this is what we need right to be successful. This is what really matters. And that's how I think you can avoid the list of 15 must-have characteristics or whatever and just not not really knowing. And so, yeah, I found that really useful. And I think you just learn, you know, you you you know, it's part of just getting better at the CEO skill set is literally learning each of those disciplines. like what does what does that person do and what what makes somebody good and how can you tell and what do we need and what's the type of this that we need and how is somebody going to be successful here or not successful you know I think just really like building that knowledge I think is like a big part of the CEO skill set if you can ultimately do that and assemble a good executive team and you're you're going to do okay &gt;&gt; how long will you sit in that job for &gt;&gt; uh until we hire somebody &gt;&gt; are you serious &gt;&gt; so like if you're president. &gt;&gt; Leaves. &gt;&gt; By the way, Erica. &gt;&gt; One of my favorite execs on planet Earth. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. She's great. &gt;&gt; She was the five five years there. &gt;&gt; Let's just use her as an example. &gt;&gt; She's just like just stepped away. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. We had we had somebody in uh you know under her to kind of step up. &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay. So, so that was an easy one. I am I'm literally &gt;&gt; And if an exact search goes for 9 months, you will be the VP of finance or the the CFO for I'm running the engineering team right now. &gt;&gt; Okay. But that's like kind of second nature for you. &gt;&gt; No, but I before that I ran the people team for you know the HR team. Uh &gt;&gt; for how long? &gt;&gt; Uh you know, however long it took us to hire somebody. Five months. &gt;&gt; Are you serious? &gt;&gt; Months. Yeah. &gt;&gt; You'll run it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I mean not um I can't &gt;&gt; like you will absorb those directs. &gt;&gt; I I'll rearrange it a little bit. So, you know, if if somebody had 10 direct reports, I probably can't add 10. So, I'll, you know, I'll fix it up so that I'm uh it's a little bit more manageable. I I think it works really well actually. You know, it's it's time inensive. Um, but you you end up learning a lot about that function. And then I've learned how to uh fix things up kind of in the interim periods a little bit. You know, one of the things I've found is it's very hard for a new executive to come in with confidence to make a bunch of changes for a bunch of reasons, right? It's hard for them uh you know, they don't want to rock the boat too much with the people who are in the team. They may not have enough like context to have confidence. And so in that interim period, I have a lot of credibility already built with the team. So I can make changes that I think will be that I am positive will be needed and that will be harder for somebody to do that &gt;&gt; before the new person &gt;&gt; before the new person comes in. So I feel like and &gt;&gt; give me an example. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know um you know sometimes it's kind of organizational structure you know sometimes it's people who I think shouldn't be there. &gt;&gt; You know sometimes it's &gt;&gt; promotions. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Sometimes it's prioritization or other things. But I think it can make it um you know I think it's actually much better for the person coming in to come into something where it's okay. there's a lot of work for them to do, but it's, you know, you've kind of fixed it up a bit for them. &gt;&gt; That's interesting. Like if there's some weak people in the team, usually the new exec is now like, "All right, go figure out if these are the right people." you're like, "Hey, if there's some obviously obviously I have to have confidence, you know, to do it, but but I I just feel it's it's hard for someone coming in to be confident in what they're seeing and then they don't feel that they have as much runway with the team because they're new, right? And so they don't want to, you know, rock the boat too much. They'll do some things, but they're, you know, it won't be quick." You think they're more trigger shot? Like I have heard even in my own experience hiring people my general advice is like hey don't do anything for a couple of months. &gt;&gt; Just because like there is some of these things are broken but some of these things are by design a little bit messy and chaotic and you got to learn what those are. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I think that's right. So um yeah and so so you know the way it works is like okay let's say there's an area that's not perfect that executive is going to leave right. um then you're running it, you know what's broken. If you don't change anything and you bring somebody else in, they're going to start fresh doing the assessment. You're going to be like, "Oh, here I this is kind of what I see." It's going to take them another 3 months. So that whole time period, you know, it's like a year of bad, right? Versus if you just kind of fix it quickly. You can't fix everything, but fix what you can. Um I I think it's much better. And you know, having to do that makes you really learn how the that part of the organization works. it um and doesn't work. And I think it makes you hire much better and I think it's better for the executive coming in because they kind of know you know what they're getting into and they're coming into something that's you know in reasonable shape. &gt;&gt; That's true. But like isn't there a risk if you're running marketing &gt;&gt; and they're like JJ we want to do something around Adwords or some billboard campaign or something right? Some big strategic thing and you're like I have no idea. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. But um there is and so like some things you'll get wrong because you just don't know the discipline as well. But your job is to indirectly manage somebody who runs marketing. So you have to know enough to at least understand the big things. &gt;&gt; And um and you know I think that's how you build the understanding and there's some things you'll do better. Uh one of the nice things about being CEO is you you know you have more ability to help interaction with other teams. So, a lot of things that are holding teams back, you can actually fix better than the person who would be there otherwise. So, there's some things you'll be worse at. There's some things you'll be better at. Overall, you're worse because you don't have enough time to do it, you know, 40 hours a week or whatever it should be. Uh, but but I think it's actually a really healthy thing. I think the, you know, look, the CEO job is kind of ultimately kind of integrating a lot of these functions. And so, you have to know, you know, you have to know enough to be dangerous. And if you don't do that, I I don't I think it's very hard to manage executives because you just don't know what they're you don't know what they're doing or what they should do or how they would do it or so on. You're never going to know it as well as they know it. But you have to have you know you have to have some feel for what that is and you know &gt;&gt; and you'll still make the decision even if you're like I don't know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean like I'll I'll only do things you know there's some things I'll hold off right. So, if we're making some kind of, hey, this is going to be our philosophy of XYZ, and I'm like, look, I'm probably not going to be the person setting that philosophy in six months, it just doesn't make sense to make a big change like that. But, yeah, if there's things that have to happen, I'll try and do them. Uh, and you know, some of that maybe is wrong. You know, some of it's probably right. Usually, you're just going after the things that are kind of obvious that can be improved. And, um, I I think that works. And so, I've gotten more I've always done the manage the team. I've gotten more hands, you know, at first I was very um you know, uh delicate in terms of like, oh, we won't change anything. You know, nothing everything will just be as it is, uh while we do this search. But, you know, I've come to believe actually that doesn't really make sense. It's very slow and you know, you're usually not wrong. You're not like totally wrong in the things you're seeing. And so, I think it's actually fine to make some changes. And you know, I think the team actually, you know, usually I think kind of enjoys working with the CEO. It's kind of fun. You know, it's usually that next level down that wouldn't directly get to report to the CEO and have the interaction. So I think it's kind of fun for them. They get more context on other parts of the business. So I feel like they learn something and then I learn a lot because I don't know how the function works and so I have to rely on them a lot. So they actually end up being, you know, kind of mini versions of whatever the leader is because I'm just pushing a lot down to them of like, hey, I need this, right? you know, how do we do this? Like, can you help me figure that out? Um, so I think it's it's fun for them hopefully. Um, so yeah, I I think it works really well and I think if you don't do that, you know, I think the challenge is how do you just stay up, you know, stay up to date in all these areas, you know, what it is, you know, you know, I think you see that a lot where, you know, the CEO is ultimately just disconnected from how parts of the business work. And of course that will happen, right? There's many things happening in the company, but you have to be connected enough to kind of have some instinct as to whether things are right or wrong or what to do. &gt;&gt; I really admire that approach. That's a great approach. Do other CEOs do that? &gt;&gt; I think so. I mean, you have to do something in these interim. So, you either pick somebody in the team to kind of run it. &gt;&gt; Um, you know, but the and that works like if you if you're very time constrained, I've done that for sure. Uh, but sometimes it's not obvious who would run it. And you're kind of often just putting the putting everything on ice if you do &gt;&gt; And um you know it's usually you're more likely to lose some of the good people one click down if you kind of just &gt;&gt; totally &gt;&gt; pause it like that. &gt;&gt; So I I feel like this works well. You just have to have you know flex in your schedule to be able to do it. Totally &gt;&gt; right. So like you know I always try and leave some time for the big thing. So, you know, and you can have maybe one big thing or two big things, but you can't have like five big things, right? And so, this is one big thing. If I'm if I have a function I'm running, that's a that's a chunk of time. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Fascinating. I really appreciate you doing this. I could spend hours with you just talking about this stuff. Are you hiring? &gt;&gt; Anywhere, any roles, any &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's a at scale company, so you're always hiring people for something, you know? So, yeah, across the board, we're hiring engineers. Um, I'm hiring a CTO. So, &gt;&gt; and you're doing that job right now? Yeah, I'm doing it right now. Yeah. Um, you know, as to the best of my ability uh in in in limited time and uh Yeah. Yeah. And we're hiring, you know, salespeople and other areas as well. &gt;&gt; My final closing question, uh, when you hear the word grit, what do you think of, &gt;&gt; you know, I guess persistence I, you know, um, like keeping at something? &gt;&gt; I appreciate you. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thanks for doing this, man. &gt;&gt; Yeah, pleasure. &gt;&gt; That's it for now. If you like the episode, please leave us a review or go back into the archives where we've done more than 200 episodes with some fantastic folks. This podcast is a Cliner Perkins production and I'm Juben. Thanks for listening.
