---
ticker: CFLT
type: youtube
title: "IBM CEO Krishna on Confluent Deal, AI and Hiring"
channel: "Bloomberg Television"
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a21xL9_FEuY
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 10326
---

# IBM CEO Krishna on Confluent Deal, AI and Hiring

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Bloomberg Television
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a21xL9_FEuY

## 转录全文

Arvin Krishna joins us. It is a joy to have you on our network in Arvin and look speed is the name of the game. This deal has completed swiftly and indeed Confluent is all about speed and data analysis. How is that important in this age of AI? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So Kan, it's great to be here with you and on Bloomberg. So just look at what Confluent does moving data in real time so that it gets available both for the enterprise for analytics but more importantly for AI agents and doing that in a way that is the most capable uh product in the world is why it is so exciting to get it done and your point on speed um I think the regulatory environment is definitely friendlier where we got this done in just uh under four months whereas It used to take a lot longer uh a few years back. &gt;&gt; If regulatory environment is friendlier, should you be doing more of it? Should there be more M&amp;A, particularly with some beaten up overall valuations of software companies at the moment? &gt;&gt; I'll just say watch the space. &gt;&gt; Oh, watch the space. Okay, but where would you want to add on in this moment? I mean, what would make sense to be adding to your portfolio? &gt;&gt; So, we're very focused hybrid cloud and AI and the intersection. So if you look at Confluent, some of the data is in cloud, some of the data is in SAS properties, some of the data is on premise. An AI agent needs to get hold of it wherever. So that's the hybrid piece combined with the AI piece. Our sweet spot is going to be hybrid cloud, AI, automation, other areas where we are very very focused on M&amp;A activities as well as organic development. If you look at what we have done around our what's the next product products what we have done around our mainframe modernization these are all things that we have built organically but then we supplement it with uh with uh targeted acquisitions where the multiple makes sense where it fits our strategy and where we can normally increase the growth rate of the target property which we certainly hope to do in the confluent case. &gt;&gt; Let's talk about what's in X a little bit. Let's look more at partnerships because of course that's what was announced. A little bit more of a deeper partnership with Nvidia yesterday helped your stock. We're seeing expanded collaboration. Again, this is about faster data analysis but cheaper, more more effective. How does that help you seal more deals? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, in that one actually the work we're doing together with Nvidia was a five times speed up. So, five times, not 5%, not a little amount, but uh five times. So there we began to leverage the NVIDIA GPUs together with some other CUDF software combining it with our Watsonx data and the example we used was our client Nestle where together we managed to get that speed up across their massive amounts of data and that really is important in that case combining some of the technologies we work on also in open source with the Presto Presto data engine uh Nvidia and the example at Nestle. But then we're very excited. We're going to do more work on that and then take it into the market and take it out to hundreds of clients uh from there. &gt;&gt; You're offering these tools, but you're also helping companies like Nestle just embed AI, make sure they're using it in the most effective manner possible. When your consultants go in, how much does a Nestle want to use your offerings, but those of Anthropic, of Open AI, of others, how much do you see that as a competitive force or a competitive threat? Look, our goal has always been that we want to help our clients integrate uh the best capabilities from where they come. And the word integration comes in here because to some extent we're model agnostic. We believe that our clients are going to use the frontier models from all three or four of the main providers. They're going to use open- source models and they're also going to use models from us though we tend to make much smaller models but helping them really get value. And I really believe 2026 is the year when enterprises are going to be focused and obsessive on ROI or what they're doing on AI. And so if you take Nestle, how do you take cost out of procurement? How do you take cost out of HR, the finance function, uh procurement, all of these things? And that's where our consultants and our technologies come together to help them do that using both technologies from IBM, but also in the case of Nestlair from many other of the partners and the software vendors that they use. So, do you think the investor base and just more broadly your customers as well see that AI is in a double-edged sword for you, but actually that competitive threat that sunk the shares so much on February the 23rd was a a misunderstanding of what Anthropic could do with Cobalt? &gt;&gt; I'm going to be much more straightforward. Uh, I believe that the investors and parts of the media misunderstood what that blog said and did. I actually am convinced AI is the tailwind for us. It's not a mixed half headwind half tailwind. AI is a tailwind for us in terms of how our technology will get adopted in terms of what we do with our clients. And by the way, uh we had put out tools to convert uh and modernize cobalt 2 and a half years ago. So there was no new news in that blog, but they certainly can get a lot of attention. &gt;&gt; You talk though, what also gets attention is being able to become more productive, take costs out of the business using AI. A lot of people see that as the costs are people. We're seeing block remove 40% of their employee base. You hear about time headline after headline. Is that what's going to happen to the labor force? &gt;&gt; So I I'll take ourselves. We have been very public that we have taken $4.5 billion out of the enterprise with a mixture of AI and automation. That's a hard number. Now over 3 billion of that got reinvested into the business uh in more R&amp;D, in more sales, in more marketing, in more delivery, in more what we would call client engineering where clients love the fact that our engineers can work with them to help them solve problems. So there is a reshaping of the workforce, but there isn't a net decrease. And to put our money where our mouth is, we will do two to three times as much entry level, meaning college hires this year as we did last year. Wow. So you're still seeing that demand for that level of technical prowess coming straight out of university of but I'm interested you have said in the past look you see job displacement your term and phrase of 5 to 10%. Is that done now at IBM do you think? &gt;&gt; I think that we're probably halfway down that total journey and I still stick to my total numbers in that uh range and I think we're halfway through that journey but our total employment has remained roughly stable. So to the point that I make about uh there will be more opportunities but you've got to be willing to upscale yourself and retrain yourself. &gt;&gt; What's not stable is the geopolitical environment of how is that affecting you? How is that affecting the consulting part of the business in particular? &gt;&gt; Look uh let's acknowledge there's a lot of pain and disruption that's going on in the Middle East right now. I think we should feel uh uh a lot of sympathy for our people. We have thousands of employees in that region. The vast majority I think are reasonably stable and are getting their work done. There are about 20% of the people in the Middle East who are who are disrupted who are not able to uh get to their clients who are not able to uh get the work done. I think within a quarter is going to be very very minor because most of this work is much more long cycle than short cycle as in days or weeks. Um if this goes on for many more months then I do think that we will take a slight headwind but in the end of the day the our consulting business in the Middle East is only a few single-digit percentages of our total business. So it won't impact IBM's top line and bottom line but it is going to be impactful to some of our people and some of our clients who are in the region. &gt;&gt; Thanks for that nuance of and and I'm interested just on the nuance of total sales growth in consulting. Will that come back to growth do you think in the near term? &gt;&gt; I think uh uh when I was talking in uh January and also in October I felt that the second half of this year will be a lot better on consulting growth uh than right now. Uh we kind of said that we could see an inflection coming where the first half of last year was negative. Uh the second half of the year turned kind of flattish. I think that we'll see continued improvement in that inflection to maybe slight growth in the first part of the year, but true growth I think is still out uh in the second half of the year. &gt;&gt; True growth, true excitement about quantum always seems to be in the second half of the decade or the millennium. But you really are putting your money where your mouth is when it comes to quantum computing becoming, you know, really tangibly useful by the end of the decade. You want to have a fault tolerant quantum supercomput by 2029. How on track are we there? How on track are we to integrating quantum within the data center? &gt;&gt; Um so in all three of your questions Caroline I think we are completely on track with what we had said. We said that we're going to have better uh cubits, better quantum processors and our processor at the end of last year is now being used whether it's for medical work at uh Cleveland Clinic, whether it's for uh bond pricing at HSBC. Those are real use cases that are coming out. Uh we expect to see error correction between this year and next year demonstrated and out there. So that'll be another big plus. uh we're investing very heavily in how we bring together uh normal computers and quantum computers. We put out a road map for quantum centric supercomputing that has gotten a lot of attention our partnerships with academia with institutions. U I'm so excited by what we're doing in Illinois but also at RPI with MIT and in other places uh we have done some work with the national labs. This is all tells us how tangible it is and you can feel it. People are now realizing this is not science fiction.
