---
ticker: DDOG
type: podcast_transcript
title: "20VC: GPT5: Sam Altman's Masterplan or a Gift To Anthropic | Palantir & Shopify Crush Earnings | Monday & Datadog Perform But Hit Hard by Wall St | Should Perplexity Buy Chrome for $34.5BN |"
podcast: ""
date: 2025-08-14
audio_url: https://traffic.libsyn.com/secure/thetwentyminutevc/The_Trio_18.mp3?dest-id=240976
language: auto
chars: 90894
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# 20VC: GPT5: Sam Altman's Masterplan or a Gift To Anthropic | Palantir & Shopify Crush Earnings | Monday & Datadog Perform But Hit Hard by Wall St | Should Perplexity Buy Chrome for $34.5BN |

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2025-08-14

---

## Transcript

It's like dealing with a deranged madman trying to estimate what the street will do. I spend no time on us. You don't need half your company. And Palantir and Shopify are proving it. You don't need half your company. He's ruthless. Zx ruthless, carps ruthless. And if you think you're gonna to win in B2B, if you're not ruthless, you're gonna to lose. Okay, let's look at Shopify for a minute from peak employee was 20, 22, 11600 employees. Since then revenue has grown 91%, pretty impressive for a company at 11 billion revenue and employees have gone down from 11600 to 80 100 gone down while revenue Venus up 91. It's time for my favorite share of the week. This is 20 vc with me. Harry stepping now state we break down the best earnings quarters for some freaking insane companies, data dog, Shopify, Palantir, Oh my God, what a quarter of palantiteer had. We then discussed GPT five. What we thought of that, we discussed perplexity, potentially buying chrome. This was a fantastic discussion. So much fun here. I always want this to be as good as it can be for you. Let me know what you think. You can email me Harry at 20 bc. Com or dm me on Twitter. I love to hear your thoughts. But before we dive into the show today, let's talk about agents specifically. Piper, the aisdr agent, brought you by qualified. The agengentic marketing era has arrived. And if you're A B two B Marketing leader looking to scale a pipeline generation, Piper, the aisdr agent. Wow, it is here to help. Piper is the number one aisdr agent on the market, according to g two. And hundreds of companies like box, assaand, Brax have hired Piper to autonomously grow inbound pipeline. Fucking sign me up. Anyway, qualified customers see massive business impact with Piper. Three x increase in meetings booked and two x increase in pipeline. Wow, that is some results. Hire Piper, the number one AI sdr agent, and grow your pipeline today. Learn more at qualified dot com slash 20 vc. That's qualified dot com slash 20 vc with the 20 vc spelt out in letters, for goodness sake. And while Piper builds your pipeline, ao gives you the crm power to close and grow those relationships. Atio is the next generation of crm built for the AI era, fast, flexible and powerful. No, it's not a sports car. It's a crm system, baby. It is ao, and it takes less than a minute. Sync your email, your calendar, and you'll instantly get all your relationships enriched in real time with incredible data. No manual input needed. Ao also integrates with your existing tools and sinnwith your product data to deliver an AI native platform that's tailored to how your team actually works. You can model your crm around your business, auto make complex tasks and surface real time insights, all in a platform designed to scale with you. With ao, AI isn't just a feature. No no, it is the foundation. It's powerful. It's AI automations. It's research agents that transform your go to market motion. It's a data driven engine from intelligent pipeline tracking to smarter product like growth, fast growing startups like flat file, replicate and Modare all experiencing what's next. So get ready to build without limits and start now. Ao com slash two zero vc and get 15 off your first year. That's attio. Attio com slash 20 vc. Okay, pipeline sorted. Oh, now what about your own legal team? Enter legora. Legora is the category defining AI platform that's fundamentally reshaping how legal work gets done about freaking time, empowering lawyers across tier one law firms and in house teams to achieve more with greater precision and confidence. So laora does this by solving really concrete tasks such as document extraction reviews against a firm playbook and suggesting well crafted markups directly in Microsoft Word based on your preferences. My word, that is a topic list of conversation that will not get a second date. But anyway, the adoption of legal AI is surging across the world, and laora is at the forefront of this shift. As the chosen partner to 250 industry leaders in law across more than 20 markets, the likes of Goodwin, bird and bird and deloitd are making daily use of Lagore platform to review and research with precision, draft smarter and collaborate seamlessly. They recently also got an $80 million Series B from iconic at their batby, general catalyst, radpoint, benchmark and yc. Also, they operated out of New York, London, Stockholm, yes, their Swedes. Always a wonderful race. With over 100 employees from some of the world's leading global law firms and tech companies. The team is growing super rapidly. They're just freaking awesome. Just go use Lagore. Honestly, I love max, that founder. He's just a great dude. Go find out more laga. Com. You have now arrived at your destination. Guys, I am so excited of this. We have a amazing schedule in place today. I want to start with GPT five adding as the top story of the week. Consensus is it's slightly underwhelming. Before I lead the witness, I'd love to hear how you responded to it. Do you agree it was underwhelming and do you see it differently? So my first experience was certainly underwhelming when it said we had the greatest market crash since the tulip era. That's what I think. But when I look at folks smarter than me, if Aaron levy's running this through box, insane redline and document comparison and term extraction is materially better, maybe that doesn't make those of us who are using it for therapy excited. But if he thinks it's materially better, and more importantly, if it's materially better at coding and competes with anthropic, you know, that's 6 billion of revenue that they lost. But I get it does feel like it's a worse therapist at the moment, doesn't it? Might take some. I think underwhelming is great. Let me tell what I mean by that underwhelming kind of took a little bit of the air out of these, you know, the kind of techno optimists were underway to agi. It's all going to revolutionize everything. Oh, that kind of noise. You definitely felt a little deflate here, which is great because we're now at the, it's a really great piece of software for doing business. Let's make a better stage of life, right? It feels for me. I remember, you know, of course, you know, windows 95, yay, it's amazing. Get a big launch and then there's just a steady gror, even the iphone, better example, the early one, you know, great launch is going to change everything. And then you settle into ten or 15 years of incrementally making it better until you platout right? And from a zero to one perspective, that's not as interesting, but we're now in the grind ded out. Make it better build a business stage of life, which I think is a more normalized world. And so there's two things in it. What implicit in that is a statement. I don't buy any of this. You know, they're gonna to keep on getting better. Exponential takeoff, all that agi rubbish. I always assume this rubbish and maybe I'm wrong, but at least right now, the evidence shifted a little more in the favor of perhaps not nearly as quickly as you think, because from a business perspective, there's a lot of interesting shit going on here. And Jason Neil, the first big one, the product is good, though I believe not as good as the high end plug code as the models, but a damn side cheaper, ten x cheaper than most expensive token load based on one is. So maybe eight x to ten x. On top of that, it's noticeable cursor now is pushing a GPT five based product. You know, it has free demos of that push it out on their user base from a business perspective, as this thing from a pie in the sky agi stuff, this is exactly what Jason said. This is OpenAI going at a big ass pile of revenue that untropic has. And maybe on tropic, overplaying the hand a little bit by kind of bullying windsurf. And as we discussed, if I'm now cursor or maybe a month ago, I'm sitting there going, my gross margins are set by my worst competitor and tropic. And now I'm ecstatic because the big ass guy in the block is now another vendor of tokens, significantly cheaper. I'm going to push the hell out of this. So that's a really big business come. And it's not as sexy as agi making us all unemployed. But if you're trying to build a business in your cursor, this is the best damn thing that ever happened. We have a competitive product at one 12:45 hundred ten price. And I'm happy. If I was anthropic, I would be in that room rejoicing everyone when I speak to the anthropic team or bluntly laughing because I mean, the demos were terrible. I think it was entirely underwhelming in terms of the presentation of features Yeah model compatibility into one and model routing. And we've now taken them that's it. Seriously. We went to gbt five and you gave me better model. This is this is disappointing. There's a reason for it. Sam Altman, in his own way, as a marketing mastermind like Elon Musk, he knows what he's doing. Okay? We can make fun of this or that. He's everywhere. And then tire globe. He's doing stargate, Farscape, everything. He's he's building everything. He is as perceptive as they get. He's dueling with Elon on who manages the x algorithm, right? The fact that this would come out with a bit of a thud was known to him and the team, right? So there's a reason they did it. Was it timing pressure? Was it to put pressure on the team? I actually don't know. I haven't seen it on the hundreds of reddits I'm on. This is like figma saying figma was dumb. They didn't understand the ipo pop from last week. This is that's neither is the idea would come out with a thud is not a shock. Poby down is not quite buying that you can be directly brilliant and I'm an entrepreneurially brilliant and it's hard not to argue some albuthis bullet, but it's always worth remembering the most popular product they ever a ship. They didn't know they were shipping a good product at the time, chatgbt, which is you know, 70, 80% of the revenue dollars when they shipped. They didn't even think it was a major release. They were focused on GPT for the following March. It was so I think one of the bigger haars on that is not we went to go, but to go there is you see this eventual often if you're directionally correct and you have you know big ass vision and drive and immediately raise money, sometimes just that enough and you kind of get the brakes on your side. But I don't think you have this. I don't think he or anyone has complete clarity of every step and the level the level of what forethought that you imply, Jason, on that, but actually, actually don't think it can't. I want na go back to what hohe said. Because I don't know the answer. It's interesting you made a comment. You think I'm troppy or laughing? They're definitely laughing at the thud. And it's hard not to laugh at the funny, stupid graph that was mathematically wrong. And Oh my God, they must have burned someone after that at the stake, literally. I'm not sure I'd laugh quite as much because I do think you know a renewed push on code and pricing and trying to get that biz, it would be better to if you're anthropic to be a monopolist and the best product than to be in an alleligopoly where you still have the best product. The consensus is token for token, dollar for dollar. The entropic products do more and are more efficient. And this gets into a very interesting discussion is if the pricing of the other product is low and good enough for companies really resting with gross margin, you're going to have some kind of use the cheap shit where you can and use the destuff where you have to. So I do think no one ever said I'm really delighted my bigger competitor entered my market with product five x cheaper than us. I mean, so I don't buy it at that level. Hory to be really direct. But I think that's a very moment in time perspective, which is like everyone is aware that if you're looking at like cost of tokens today with seeing them reduce so dramatically within a twelve month period, I don't think anthropic are looking at that, thinking there's a permanent chasm in pricing and we're gon na be unable to match it. I think they're looking going fine. They might have a slight efficiency on us today, but if our models are better, we'll win. Yes, you'll win, but it just won't be quite as easy as my point. I mean that's my point. We've gone from the pie in the sky for everybody, it's gonna to be amazing, you know, flowers and sunshine to the okay, it's a slugging out war here. This is the advantage we've got. This is the advantage they got. So I say we're dealing now just business fundamentals. Are you better off with the slightly better four x more expensive that kind of discussion? What was your second point? I interrupted you. No, no problem. I mean, it's go three you have to take seriously. They shithe open source products. Earlier this week, another interesting commercial move. So again, in the last one, you were snearing at it. But Yeah know moving away from all those models to the single models, like Yeah it didn't work at opening. It's the kind of thing you do when you're done with imagining being the next Robert Oppenheimer. And now your focus on what the product manager tells you will get 5% extra conversion among users. Someone in product marketing said, dude, we have to stop with these six different model names that make our users feel stupid and just make it simpler to use. And all those things are okay. It's time to get business savvy, not just atis coming savvy. So I thought, Yeah, that's what grinding it out looks like. That's what every iphone release after the first one or two looks like. Similarly with every Microsoft Windows release after the first two or three, it's like once you had tiling and windows, the next 15 years were just grinding it out. Same thing would make the iphone. Maybe it's a same thing here. We've got the idea it's a chatbot with AI, and now we're just going to be grinding here. I think gt five didn't achieve what Sam wanted to achieve by July 30 first. And you got ta manage the team, even at the highest profile company on planet earth. And everyone that's been a founder that's shipped software has had to make a decision, do I give the team another month, another quarter? Anytime you do a release and it gets too complicated, your team always wants more time. At some point, as a leader, you got to ship it. And earlier on the show, we had a calcion. When will gtp five ship? Right? And it was all over the place. I think Sam said August is time boys. And if it's gonna to be underwhelming, I'm gonna to make the call that we're not gonna to wait for nirvana. I don't have a firm date on what it was supposed to be and I'm just gonna box it up and ship it and we're gonna make some basic stuff better for eraron levy. We're gonna to cut some costs and that's it. That this maybe it's 4.9 right or 5.000, but this is just my theory. He decided there's so much attrition in this industry, there's so many resources flowing back and forth to meta to hear the there that I think he just decided ship it. I also think aligning to a $500 billion fundraise, it's actually better to get it out to continue to Press on than to have continuous waiting. Yeah it's like the replet $3 billion round. Just get it done. Rory, would you do open enai at 500 billion? And do you feel more or less confident post GPT five about opai? I'm gonna to say more confident and I'll tell you why. It goes back to what I said earlier, right? The grandiosity was totally necessary at the start because if you walked into people and said, we need to raise 30, $40 billion and at the end of we're going to ship this chat out, that trust me, people will use his replacement for search, that mind will work as well as we're going to change the known universe. We're going to exponentially limit ate all labor when you had to raise 30 billion on nothing, you're selling dreams, the future of humanity. We're now at the I goto make a business converge roughly on profmillion over the next three to five years. So just go on the business. It's combination of a just ship, run the business, make it better kind of next step. And the interesting thing is, and this is where I've evolved a little in a few months, just thinking about it without any need for agi of any of that rubbish. I think both of these companies can be plus or minus, you know half a trillion to trillion dollar companies. The opportunity, it's just so obvious that everyone's going to be paying 20 bucks a month and people are going to be paying more. And you get an interesting discussion how big the high end will be, which matters more for antropic than these guys. But they have the MaaS market, everybody paying 20 bucks a month, that's a big ass company from here to throw way to such that you probably can see a two, three x just on that. Probably some noise along the way. You might be ahead of yourself selfies, but they're on the destiny that's now locked in for them, which is to be the go to place for information. And you know for pretty much everyone on the planet, I always think that actually AI is a bit like crypto, which is like, Hey, don't fucking worry about all the underlying assets. You'll make money if you just invest in the core, which is bitcoin. And I'm like the core unwavering asset here is nvidia. Do we think opai or anthropic or Grock or you name it are gonna to win? I don't freaking know. With each month the benchmarks changed, it lost humanity's exam changes. Next humanties test will come. Nvidia. They all just did. Elon, nvidia. I mean, what you say is at all, which is sometimes just keep the main thing, the main thing. And I often make that mistake because you what and this has been sound really cynical, but early on, you listen to all the prosportization and all the crazy stories, and I'm very much rationalist, and I try and kick them seriously, and I deconstruct them. I realioh the these crazy stories are bullshit. Therefore, the thing itself is bullshit. And that's wrong. Every single thing that people said that used bitcoin for in 2013, except maybe find stable coin payments, has been bullshit. But the thing itself totally worked because it's got this, you know, the store value idea, the asset independent from everything else, bitcoin worked. Everything else, Ethan, to some extent, everything else, all those little weird coins didn't matter. Same thing here. The main thing is the main thing, you want to make the chips, you want na be at a company that's in an open enai case, you want to be the company that's pretty much selling to every consumer. Looks like it's market share is pretty hard to change at this stage. So you start multiplying. You know, you'll have a paid tier 20 bucks times. A lot of people you some point have an advertising and plus a minus here. Google with a subscription business, there you are. It's one to $2 trillion. Thanks for coming. Keep it simple. I am often guilty of overthinking to the point where I've now learned to watch myself when I overthink. I'm very lucky I didn't have the luxury of the ability to overthink Rory. And so I am always a simplistic thinker, which tends to do me, which tends to do me quite well. You know, this kind of Internet mean graph where you have on the left total fucking idiot in the middle overthinking it, and on the right not thinking it all just like the other guy, and you win. Listen, another element that's just like crazy is perplexity. Trying to buy chrome for $34.5 billion. I suppose Arain before he said legit, it's in their court. How on earth is getting the capital? Just to confirm, that was my question to you. Elan had his had his capital secured a while back, didn't he? How is this possible? Guys? What did you make of this when you read it? Why? I mean, you can get tactical and say where would the money come from, but that's stepping back. Why would Google sell? I'm just big picture points just to cover for people. Why would Google sell chrome? And so they don't want in a million years, the department of justice says they have to if if they can appeal, and at some point maybe they have to, they don't want to sell this thing. The second question that's interesting one is what the chrome business worked. And the totally interesting thing about that is it's so dependent on who buys it, right? Because the asset itself, it doesn't have like Mozilla has $700 billion, I think, of revenue, right? Leaal market share. Yeah you don't get paid for owning a browser to state the obvious, right? And but the reason the doj is going on this is as well as owning chrome, which was one of Sunda's crowning achievements that got him the big job building chrome, Google also pays apple for search placement on safari, doltwenty billion a year. And the department of justice is looking at those two things together and saying, Oh, paying to be in the browser is bad. Owning the browser is bad. It allows you to continue your search monopoly. But the question is, so from apple's perspective. Owning safari in the iphone, where it's kind of apparently asked to change, is clearly, what, $20 billion a profit a year? How much is don't chrome work right? In other words, who would buy it? What would they sell through it? And how locked in would the service be? Ironically, the person for whom chrome was the most valuable, if it wasn't old by Google, would be Google. In other words, if someone else owned chrome, the highest person to monetize chrome is Google, because they a search business. And they would probably and the department of justice won't let them do it. They would probably say, Harry, if you bought chrome, you have no revenue source, but we will happily pay you $20 billion a year for all your search ver, and you'll be you know the witchest single person company ever. So it's a kind of a weird asset where intrinsically in itself it has no value, but it's kind of a gateway to some product that does, which now gets the perplexity. The thought process there is they're already building a browser. If they had chrome, they could basically be the AI back end. Instead of having to build a business browser by browser, they would basically jump perplexity into every chrome use ser. When every person is using chrome today, including me, they would have some version of perplexity as a default default you know, AI engine. Great work if you can get it. And I totally get now, is that worth 38 billion? Is a worth more? Is it worth less? Do they have the money? All those things? A, how unclear. And b, may never, may not matter yet, to Jason's point, is it real? But would a AI engine competitor to ChatGPT absolutely kill to own the chrome user base? Absolutely. So that's so long with an answer, but that's kind of how you get there. Do you think it's likely in any way? Or is it a complete, I assume Google litigate this to the end of human time? I mean, it's I would actually gets to step back and say something else. I just goto get it off my chest. The department of justice gets around to killing American companies and technology just when they've become irrelevant. Anyway, we all had a nonrelevthe one world. Just when they're at risk. The idea is Google. Think about it. The whole idea here is Google is so powerful and almighty that we've got to smashed our search and monopoly with legal remedies. When all of us here are talking about, could Google be spowed because OpenAI ChatGPT could be a better product. It's literally not kicking Google in the nuts when they should have, right, when they were evbastard for the last 15 years, grinding everyone down like yelp. And then finally when the backs are to the wall, now we're going to kick them just too late, when in fact they're now at risk at a zoom out level. All this is freaking stupid. It's the department adjust because they take so long to make decisions. It's like they only started kicking Microsoft when Google was in the incendency and Microsoft was on the defensive. It's the same thing here. Leave poor Google alone. They're just a simple, humble trillion dollar company trying to survive. So don as well, sorry, maybe just two things. One, on marketing. There's a huge amount of need in AI to do constant marketing, constant marketing. And there's a huge need to be one of the top two players. And everyone's doing a lot of marketing. You know, lovable project, lovable. Like why are you doing these hackathon? Why is bodoing a hackathon in every city? Why is Sam Altman everywhere? Why is the anthropic founders everywhere? I'm not even sure. Even with nvidia Jensen's everywhere, right? And he probably doesn't need to be. But it's important for perplexity to be in that conversation because we can think of a lot of tools that aren't in the conversation. You know, we talked the last couple weeks about cognition buying windsurf, right? At least it was in the conversation. I mean, two of my portfolio companies use Devin like their AI tool, and they love it for niche use cases. But we never talk about it. I don't think it's cynical. I mean, it's a little bit cynical. I don't, because even if he had 38 billion, I'm guessing another suit might come out of the woodwork. Like I think Satcho would raise his hand and say, I got 39 therebe a few other folks to grow at the pace. The AI leaders are growing right at this incredible pace. You do need to fuel the marketing engine. You need to fuel it aggressively. And you're not gonna do it on AdWords and a few sponsored blog posts and seo. You obviously, you have to not actually ined araband at an event. And I said, to what extent you feel like a politician or a state leader, you actually don't do anything in the machine, but you would just entirely speak for the machine. And he said, that isn't completely my job, and that is the job of Dario. That's the job of Sam. That's job of me. We are on the machine. Super important for them shouting. And then you also look at the poor performers, and I hate to name people, but this is the show that we have, like coherent Mistral. And you also correlate that with who does next to no marketing or speaking publicly, coherent midraal. I have no idea to the extent their models are good, not good, not whatever, but they are both incredibly quiet and don't do Press. And they are also the ones which people have deemed the losers. You you do have to do it. Virality alone isn't going to do it. Yeah. I guess the other Captain Obvious point is you know one of the things that's very interesting in the media is where does Google stand today, right? You know is search under under massive existential threat? Yes, but search revenues up, right? It's confusing, right? The Captain Obvious theme is that no matter what happens, chrome ends up being this accidental gem. Chrome was built very strategically in the old days, in the desktop focus days to counter you know ie, which it destroyed. And then it's open source. So you know safari and Opera and everything's built on chromium. They gave away the open source version. They destroyed everything. And then it kind of plateaued like a lot of software did, right? We had plugins. We had we took it for granted. Now it's the crown jewel in the age of AI, right? It's the crown jewel again. It's the return of the it's not just the browser wars. It's the return of the browser being this core piece of software that we forgot about for the better part of a decade only. All agreed. And I can't resist the chrome wasn't n't built in a day's statement. But moving right along, you're right. And it's only because for ten years, Google one, in the sense that no one else could monetize traffic anything like the dollars they could, which is what you know. So why bother building? I mean, you could have these niche browsers, but you couldn't build a among this business because the only thing you could do with that traffic was monetize it. And the only place to monetize it at scale was Google. And the interesting thing now to your point, Jason, is you can envivisit the world was someone monetizes chrome traffic via an ad supported product. But there's also, you know, ChatGPT is a the astonishing consumer subscription part one is a 20 million like 700 million free users, 20, 30 million paying consumer subscribers, I think, is the numbers. That's a very profitable business where the weight limconstraint looks like your ability to sign up people, which means, which is like perplexity is smart. If you could get a billion people coming through your door and if you know a billion of them were free users and you have the same conversion rate as ChatGPT does, which is a leap, obviously, I doubt you would. But any kind of conversion works of four, 20 over 70, that's about yes, about the 2% plus am I little under 2%, which is what you see with you know if you get one or 2% converting into paid users, it's a compelling business. Suddenly, chrome matters not because it got better, not because the browser is uniquely different, because you can plug it into a machine now that can collect checks. We're not talking worry about AI for normies. And this sounds incredibly condescending and patronizing. The AI for normal people and normal people is kind of the slow laggets to adopt. And what I mean by that is, for the record, normal people is not patronizing, but slow laggets is. So you might want to work. Yeah, I'm willing to be normal iperphone out to be slow. But keep going, Harry. I'll keep going with this. A great example of that is threads, something that we all deem in our circles to be like, who the fuck uses threads? Threads is actually a massive success. And what I, the reason I'm going there is because yes, we all think ChatGPT is great and a massive hit and 700 million is amazing. And yes, it is. That's unbelievably incredible and insane. I'm not doing a prior guest. I'm saying it's not. But Gemini is great actually and is getting better and better and better. And they will plug it into the core engine and the core distribution channel. And actually for AI, for normies, there's a real chance that they don't lose any market share. You're right. For a good slug of the population there are going because when AI answers meets your need on Google and you're done, Yeah Gemini as a model is actually apparently pretty damn good even for coding. Someone was walking me. So Yeah they're gonna to have market shape. They're not gonna roll over and die and the search reviews es will go up. It's simply you've gone from a situation where you're the only game in town to a situation where these other guys are taking a civiand flag. So it's always better to be a monopolist than an alleligopolist, but it's still pretty okay to be an alleligopoly. I do want to move to an insanely hot deal, guys that really in Europe, like was a talking point for everyone. N eight n, it was done at $3 billion. Reportedly, it was at 40 million aire. And in the year at 80 excel led, the round massive. It was like an I think the last round was not too longer at 300 or so, give or take. It's not a new company. It's a 2019 company. How did you think about this with envy? Let's start with that because in fact, we had talked to them in about 22 or 23. And you're right, what we clearly underestimated was you know workflow automation. It's a category pre AI. It's a category. We looked at a lot of players. It's a noisy one. You have all the way from rpa to process mining to kind of low code, no code and this big indigestible MaaS of things where you know every every solution blurs into the next one. It was just hard to know what's what and hard and therefore hard. To build a big compelling business, especially with lots of competition. And clearly, they did a brilliant job of co attaching to AI because when you go from automating workflows so people in ate a teristic way to actually getting more of the work done using AI, the value prop of your software goes way up. Instead of saying, you know, we're gonna to automate a little bit of shit now we're gonna to literally do the work and you can get rid of all these people that were doing the boring work. So they did it did an excellent job of that and in a space of Yeah six, nine months, just massively accelerated and you know well done them. You know it just shows you got to stay on top of these things. Good on the guys. Highland, I think you're up. Did the last round. Good on them. As I've gone into vibe coding, right, deep right, I've like reused zappier so much, I've got to hook stuff up, right, without wanting to code it. And if is a more developer version of that, so I'm having a zappier Renaissance. But today, man, with the explosion of applications we're building and the explosion of things we want to connect with the eye, it's like an order of maggndu bigger. Maybe Rory, when you met them, you couldn't predict, right? It was hard to predict the accelerant that would happen and it's probably in the last seven months, right from the revenue, right? And then boom, that's ha, there are companies that you've tracked for a while that you meant might be lighting off. You can either of the side. It's not knowable. You berandomly, you can try and track them with based on metric, all the most logical thing. You sit down and you say, what areas will the model significantly impact in the next six, twelve, 18 months? And one of the companies that could benefit from that. And then the second criteria you've talked about this before, Jason, is it's all very well to say that there were probably ten related workflow automation type companies. Which one of them will get the prize? I tell you, it always comes down to the founder who gets it the most, gets it the quickest and just puts everyone in the room and says, no one's leaving till we're shipping and theyon them. Enable version of this, and we're going to get it in front the 20 customers by Friday. You know, in retrospect, that was the aha here. They clearly had those elements. And if you tracked it, you have made a lot of money. The thing that's really stuck out to me is index index and making everyone feel like shit right now, in particular in Europe, sequoia and excel. Excel have to win, otherwise the gap widens more and more and more. And they wlovable, and now they're winning neight n at, I think, any price. It's a well priced deal. But they did that Facebook back in the day when they're out of the game, they bid. They, I think they, what did they pay for? Facebook? Rory, maybe 200 million or something, pfive hundred million free. They were insane. People said excel was washed up and they had to bid up this this fledgling social network. I'm actually praising them. I'm not saying I saying the same thing. Look, if you pick right, no price as well. I think I do think there is a retaliatory element from excel of, Oh, shit, we have to and this is the exiyou know your European market better than me. And maybe because of smaller, I don't. Humans are humans. So that kind of, no, it's a bad way to try and make money, and it's hard because we're all prone to, you know, regret formal decision about, you know, looking back, a decision youlike to think youjust make every decision on the basis of, is it a good bet or not? I don't know what you think, Rory. This is what I was taught. I'm not a growth investor, right? If you're writing one of these checks, you believe it's a winner and you see a clear path to five x and you can deploy enough capital, you do the deal in a certain moment in time. So if they believe five x with dilutions a lot, it's got to be worth a $20 billion company, right? Or lovable is got to be 20. They all got to be 20. But if you genuinely believe it and you overpay it and it keeps you in the game and it's for your brand, like you know and it's not your whole fund, it might not be worth the best. If you genuinely see a five x, the growth runzone, I'll have to be ten x or 500x, right? That is definitely it's why to overpay to get into a good deal where you're not into space. But it's not insanity. If you see your way to five x, right, it just might not be a five x fund returner. If that investment makes five x in a growth fund, there's actually two things to unpack there. One is the five x plus a fund reterity you exactly growth investors typicwhen they're looking at something can say three to five x. And the interesting thing is, and theysay, and most of the time, it's hard to go beyond that. And then by virtue of the power law, one in every ten does. It feels like not the similar in a it's facsimilar to seed, but just when they're much bigger, it's harder to envisage, right? But the truth, I mean, I remember face a Facebook investor when only Facebook investor said, you know, they bid another deal theylast, and they said they could see a three to five x from here. And obviously, they made 100 times the money. So Yeah, you basically just operate on the power lawn. Some of them turn into amazing, but you want to be able to say your base case is a three to five x that's totally absolute, and that's the business they're in now. You went from there half each of the paragraph into some kind of what we should do it for brand n that we need to be relevant at that point. What you're really saying is I don't see a tweet of five x, but I'm just going to convince myself to do it because I got to be relevant. And the third d thing is sometimes that might be the right thing to do. When I recoil against that, perhaps wrongto the perfechonest, maybe there are times when you should just do that, but it's just, it feels like I remember when they teaching Catholic school about sin, and they say, you start on little things and then it will just get worse and worse. It seems once you start doing deals, not for return, does it just get worse and worse forever. So I don't love the I won't make my return, but it's good for marketing school of investing. But I also recognize that sometimes you can say, Oh, I can squint and get a three x and itbe good. And Hey, sometimes you do what you do. Do you know, the funny thing is we have a like Yolo segment of our fund, which is like 2 million or 3 million, whatever, but it's basically we have amazing access because of the shows and people will give us positions at high prices, but we get into amazing names and it's gifor marketing and brand. It's seven acts as a pool right now. No, it makes sense. It makes sense. When we did it, we were like, this is total brand. Never expect. Yeah. But then then it's great. And then but then as you get later into the fund, you're like, well, so what. I got twelve x you'll make I believe it, right? And then like but it returns 5% of the fund. Is the problem, right? And I think that the other problem with that is the Machiavelli quote, which is you know I've used it before that circumstances change and people don't. And what works one in one market doesn't work in another, right? That same strategy, when you look back in 21, it felt really sickly. In 22, 23, it felt like, well, that wasn't the right strategy. Be more careful work. And then obviously, whenever you're accompanying a boom and you're leaning in, leaning in is the right strategy and itbe the right strategy until priinterts. This is super narrow niche. It has one small advantage of that strategy, though. Thinking back, because I accidentally did some of it pre AI right, it can get your early dpi in a fund. I accidentally did some of that from my 2017 fund. I got about 20% of it back early from these early exits that had a nominal large value, right? And it doesn't matter at the end of the day so much, but you're gonna to hold some of your your early stuff may take 15, 20, 35, 40 years to get liquid these days. So it's nice if you can get that early dpi even if it doesn't matter too much in the long run. Jason, this year mean you both are fortunate to have Horsebridge. You I think they're one of the best of the best and I love them dearly, but they've taught me really that venture is a very challenging asset class unless you take advantage of very small windows of hyper liquidity. And so where I think about this is absolutely aligned to you. I'm leaning in being very cognizant of when to lean out and being very aware that this will fall off a Cliff, but I need to time it. Well, Yeah, I buy that. As I say, there's one year and seven where you make most of your money and the one thing you don't want to find is you don't have you don't want na not have assets to sell when that year comes around. If you wanna be a little cynical about venture, right? I do think in your earlier funds, it is like everyone on x talks about dpi dpi but you know you don't want to sell your winners early. Like we we had that conversation too many times and Horsely, you know I had a conversation with Horsley. I had a winner. I had a chance to sell for Nora billion. And they're like, don't sell it. Don't sell it at all. It's not enough of a return. But it is nice if you go out to raise your next fund and you've got some some dpi, right? So if Harry's little sliver is at ten x and again, it's ten or 20 of the fund and you go out and it shows that this current fund is making progress versus all markups and no cash, it is cynical, right? Fundraising is just like founder fundraising for folks, for founders that are watching. Listen, like you goto put some points on the, it helps to put some points on the board, right? So it's not bad to have to some of your fund at a nominally very high irr and multiple, even if the absolute number if you squint your like, you know, that was only eleven of all that together is only 11% of the fund, let alone a one aof the fund, right? I think it helps. It does amazing things for relationship builats. We've found us when I look at a macore, when I look at a perplexity, when I look at amazing business sites, honestsee me and harvand chat a lot. Would we chat a lot if I Hato, put a tiny Jack into the company? I don't think so. Not as much. There's no tie that's enduring. And so I think it actually does outweigh moving on. I do want you guys can to be exceptional on this. And it was nuweak in terms of earnings in many respects. I want na start on data dog. Wow. Best in that new era quarter in company history, 260 million. Err, in the quarter, initial reaction pretty positive. And the stock is down 10% in today and lower than before results. I just couldn't get my head around this guy's. Honestly, it seemed great and the market puked. One of the things that when you talk to CEO's of public companies and you should do this thing other than the obvious, you know, major beat, major myths, and we'll talk about one in the second for all the middling things, if you talk to a lot of CEO's, and I remember used to play this fun game on some of the boards where youknow your numbers and you wouldn't know the market's reaction to those numbers, and you try and speculate, and at least half the time you're wrong. It's actually a very fun game to pay on a public board. You have the earnings call internally, the internal thing, you look at the numbers and you say, okay, the stocks 32. When we announce these numbers up or down and buy how much, the error rate is massive. In other words, perfect information doesn't tell you shit other than the obvious. When you miss by 20%, are you beat by 30? It pretty obvious what to happen. But in the middle, it's very hit on this, which is the odd thing. I just offer that as a kind of a prelliant comment. I remember watching my CEO's internalize that. So I actually I stopped worrying about because remember, you know what you did relative to your budget. So you know how you feel as a board member or CEO? One, on the company, they're comparing your numbers to two things. One, their internal estimate of what they thought you were going to do, which you've no visibility to. And then even more zanlee, the Keynes quote, what they think everyone else thought you were going to do to try and figure out what happens. And if you look at data dog, the stock went up in the aftermarket. In other words, people looked at it, said, Oh shit, this is good. Stock up next day. It's like, Oh, it's not good. Go down. My big aha is it's like dealing with a deranged madman trying to estimate what the street will do. I spend no time on this. Utterly unknowable. So there's folks that are directly benefiting from the AI boom. They're selling AI products at neight and others. Then there's folks that are benefiting because AI is exploding. So apparently OpenAI pays data dog 240 million a year. So what's happening is, and I'll give you a very small example, Harand, I are both investors in a company called revenue cap that powers 40% of all mobile subscriptions, okay. And it has already its usage has already doubled this year from one and end last year, even though it's not an AI company. Neither of these are AI companies, but revenue cats, more extreme, but all the AI guys are using their products. So it's very exciting. But it also has concentration risks because there's only so many of these large players, right? There's pricing pressure. And OpenAI has already said they're going to renegotiate down the data dog deal as they should, right? So there's folks that are exploding not because they're AI but because of the economy. But I'm not sure that's why the that's why it's up. One of the reasons it's up, but there's also a fragility when you're indirectly benefiting from this. But obviously, that's you know that's a lot of incremental revenue for data dog. A two, 240 million your customers is high, but the incremental revenue and spend is from AI, right? If you want if you're A B two B Company, you've got to go get AI revenue, right because you're not getting it from John Deere and the rest. They're spending the same. In fact, probably let no, you're exactly what because that's the meta point zooming out from this right, is that I mean, you've seen the data. Almost the entire GDP growth is AI CapEx. So if you can co attach, even if you're not AI CapEx, if you're not nvidii, if you're not, if you can just co attach to the money, you're gonna get a pop. Now it may not loubut Yeah, the spend is happening there. That's where all the CapEx is going. So if literally I always think of what is the bill of materials to build AI? If I wake up tomorrow morning and said, I want to be safe, super intelligence, I want to build me one of those llm models. You just make a list of the things you need. You need chips, you need a data setting, you need power, you need some codos. And then you are, it's all the little things I need to keep yourself in running. I probably need data dog. I need, you know what, all the other software tools to make it happen. And if you just co attached to that, it's showing up. Now the funny thing is the productivity is not showing up, the Reis not showing up at the app level, but the CapEx is showing up in the GDP noms. It's so big. So you're exactly why if you can get your piece of that, and I prefer to have it than not. I mean, people are saying, Oh, it's a bad $120 million concentrated risk customer. It's a downside better than not having a 120 million dolcustomer. Is this a gift or a cuss? And forgive me for my naivety, but the concentrated risk of 260, Yeah and if I open now, I continues its trajectory itbe five, 20 in years, whatever is a and yes, it's a gift. We agree. I think both of us are saying the same thing, Harry, which is the people who are worrying about it. That's why you're getting into the second order derivative thing. The people trying to value the stock, they're not just saying, I mean, if you were the operator, you would be coming into your board and you were saying, we killed it. This quarter, we saw an 100 million ar R deal with the most exciting company on the planet. It's freaking amazing. End of conversation. And no one is going to say, Oh, I'm really worried that they might kind of reduce the price in two years. That's bad theybe. Like dude, we're so happy. And as a board member, I would be too. You know Wall Street, as I say it, has this different role, which is not just guessing what you are now, but guessing you know how you're going to be compared to what they thought you were going to be. And you know they're paid to second guest themselves. As I say, my best advice is ignore. Maybe two years time you'll be dealing with a renegotiate. But as you point out, maybe you'll be dealing with the fact that open eyes growing so quickly that the contract is doubled and they don't have the engineers to waste. I'm kind of engineering you out and you just take to check, are we just saying like big ish tech, just win, just invest in big ish tech? And what I mean by that is like app loving crushed. You know HubSpot games, Shopify ripping palantier, obviously ripping. These are not mag seven quite. They're great companies. The not mad belong big gitech. The Huai wave is mega. That's, I mean, I'd say I think there's maybe two things going on. One is here, the AI wave of mega, and I think definitely palalhere probably ddown not so much odhubspot and shopified benefiting from that. But then the second thing is, you know rather than this whole Oh my God sais dead thing, I think what you're saying is, and I think it's correct, is that these markets are big and huge. And if you're the winner and you're public and you've got scale and you execute well, add a little AI, you can defend your position, grow nicely, kick off a ton of cash. I wouldn't like to be a little startup trying to enter the HubSpot space or the Shopify space, but the death of SaaS has been overdone for the public market winners, which is a very different thing than saying youwant to invest in, quote, the next Shopify at a million in revenue. No, these guys, they have clear market leadership positions. They on every case have strong founder ceos. They have profitability. And Yeah, the growth reacceleration this quarter has been pretty real across the board. As I said, I'd put HubSpot if I was to rank them in terms of their AI and HubSpot and Shopify in that Yeah, they're using AI, but they're not direct beneficiaries and data dog in the middle because they've got a big ass contract from the biggest company in AI. So they're kind of caught that. And then obviously, palenhere White heart in terms of their AI story, they have brilliantly become the way large corporate America implements AI at scale. It's a beautiful position. Can you guys help me on palenhere? I always look at it and I go, amazing company, but Oh my God, look at it. It's so overpriced. And every time I do that, I'm proved wrong. And it choagain. How do you think about that? And and legitimately, how would you advise me? I love these shows because I learned from you both. I mean, Jesus, I mean, the growth is frigging breathtaking. It goes from 12% growth at about 2 billion revenue in 2023 to almost 45% growth at 4 billion in ar. Goodness, I mean, this has never happened. Forget about the fuel, right, the secular fuel. The contracts are getting bigger, record number of 5 million and up contracts, the fact that they are the AI solution for both commercial and military. If I didn't even know how to spell Palantir or what it did, which I think those people didn't even know until twelve months ago what it did, when you see going from 12% growth for a public company of billions in revenue in 2023 to almost 50 today, I mean, maybe rking up with an example. I don't think an enterprise software we've ever seen that level of re acceleration ever. You can either say it's gonna to decay like all curves do. Oh, you can say, good God, this is my you know, everyone in the public markets, they're ten baggers. That's what that's what my social media is. Well, what's your ten bagger or what's your what's your ten bagger? And it's you know if the chart keeps going, this is unprecedented enterprise software across 20 years, about only one in three companies we accelerate for one year and about one in nine, one in ten we accelerate for two years. So that's just the data that's daunting. These guys are re accelerated significantly at scale for two plus years already. So Yeah, I can see how you can build a model that's if you go from twelve to 23 to 45, you might the next question is, do you fill in 55 or do you fill in decay at that point in time? And the problem is any exponential curve up can justify almost any valuation. I mean, my gut, Harry, is your instincts, all right? Which is it's an amazing company smack in the middle of two huge trends. We'll come back to a second at the same time, 120 times reviews is plus or minus is probably not sustainable. I mean, I saw the day that looks like there's a good statistic. Someone says five years of 40 to 50% quote, and then theybe valued about the same in terms of a revenue model as Google is today. And you know, you can have two responses to that fact. Part of me says, Oh my God, five years where you got to pull it off, that's a lot. And they got to go. It's not crazy. I would be terrified of buying it at that price. But the interesting thing about that calculation was you go, Oh Yeah, it's the beauty of compounding. Five years comes 1.5. You just end up an amazing place. Now I haven't checked that map fully, so that's kind of like it does feel incredibly lofty at scale. I mean, there's that Great Scott McNeely quote about trading at ten times revenues where he just you know walks through how absurd it all is when sun was trading at ten times revenues in 99. And every once in the while he should reread that quote because he was totally correct and it went in tears. So intuitively, 122 tons revenues is not a sustainable place. But Yeah, they got three huge trends on their side. They're the AI solution for large corporates. They are the AI solution for defense, which is having a boom. And they got the administration on their side. Just this last quarter, they closed 843 in us commercial bookings outside of it, up 222%. So help me with the map. 222% at 843 million. I misthis this isn't quite lovable growth, but this is pretty good. And this was 222% at 843 million, their commercial division sions. And you've got to, again, step back and give credit to the founders and obviously feel and look that in 2000, I think we a 34 with a sense of mission, about nine elths built this stuff, then moved into commercial. It was a slug for a while. Some of the early commercial customers weren't wildly successful, but they've ended up now whereby one of the things you think about is when big companies want to do big things with a project like this, it's not the kind of thing you can give to you know little SaaS company just starting out. Big companies need to spend big initiatives with big vendors. And the point is, all the other big vendors of old and stargy like ibm and accensure, and now you can have these dudes whobeen you know working for the us government that got the whole forward deployed stick. I see how it's working because corporate, I mean, I went through the last earnings and actually went through a bunch of the use cases in corporate and it's all over the place. Yeah supply chain planning, scheduling for an airline, it's a whole bunch of a different stuff. And a single SaaS app couldn't do that. But what they have is a platform that's been around ten or 15 years. They have another platform they've added around enabling llms. And take that, take the four deployed engineers. You can squint and say a lot of its services, but who the hell cares? The margins of 50%. And the reason they can get it is they can look the CEO or the cfo of a fortune 100 company in the eye and say, we've done ten nds. You give us the $10 million, we'll get this puppy done. The other two competition is a little fast startup that says we have dollar hundred zero product that's way more efficient than paltheo itwork. But itneed a lot of work and they're like, Oh, Oh, don't know about that. And the other competitationist eccentra saying, we're going to build it from scratch. They're just in that sweet spot of they can make the pain go. You can get your AI initiative as the CEO of a large corporate company, you give them $10 million, you got your AI initiative. Theyprobably get it done. It's a golden place for the next couple of years. You know what the other crazy thing about palent here is? I thought this was fascinating with Alex carp. So they're a rule of 94 company today, right? Pretty good. So he said, I mean, he's he's on fire. Just watch the his body line. He knows they're gonna crush it, right? But he said that when they will, they will be when they're ten x bigger. So at 40 billion, they have 10% less employees than today and they're already on the trend to that. And I think when we there's a meta, I don't you know maybe maybe needs a few more, but I think this has been well thought through and this this is a hint of the future in Palantir, right? This efficiency level, Microsoft has already reached peak employee, right? Google's already reached peak employee, but iex carp going on record saying at 40 billion in revenue ten times we will have 10% less employees. I think it's the journey we're all kind of on, but he's he's out there because he doesn't give a rat's aswhat anyone thinks in his farm in Vermont and sandals crushing the numbers, right? But to me, this is the future of B2B Company just trying to get to this massive, massive scale with few humans. Yeah, I wouldn't pencil into my model, but it doesn't matter because as you point out, tififty percent operating margins today don't bother getting more efficient, just scale. So he's not doing it obviously directly for the margins, right? But it's it's how to structure the company. But this may be where the future is. Like he just he's just so he's so far ahead, he can make these visions and bets right and not be hiding in 7% growth. You know, as some others, I just thought as that's the future, I think this age of these bloated companies is just in same what you talking about Shopify? Shopify is at 1.3 million in revenue per employee now. And it's reaccelerated and it's reaccelerated. I don't think it is. We could talk about Shopify if you want, but the efficiency at Shopify is not at palancholos. But it's breathtaking. The efficiency Choby's ruthless on this. And founders should be too. Founders should be ruthless on this. You don't need half your company and Palantir and Shopify approving it. You don't need half your company. You literally don't need half the people working at your company. You don't need him today. I'm glad that hoof isn't listening to this show. Work harder, learn your product. Ask yourself, are you actually valuable to your company? Be honest. Not just are you a people person? What what are you doing at your company where you're irreplaceable? It's not that you're gonna to get fired or anything. You I mean maybe moved out. It's just your future is uncertain. If you're not irreplaceable, it's just uncertain. You're not getting fired. How are you just getting moved out? You know, Oh, there we go. It might be slightly hard to move me out or I feel slight protective layer around me, but you be uncertain. You may not need them for investing or content production in two years. You may not need anyone else helping you to invest. I was more giving Jason a hot thing. This is interesting question. Do you want your team to feel uncertain? Do I want my team to be scared that they might lose their job? Now it in one hand forces them to find the irreplaceability of their roles, and it also can make some people uncomfortable, horribly uncomfortable, scared. It's not a nice thing. Yeah my learning is it doesn't matter anymore. There's so much uncertainty out. Like we coddled people for since 2020, late since since the middle of 2020, and then we codle them like there was no tomorrow until early 2022. Take three jobs, work two days from home. Life is easy. Like take care of yourself. And if you can't come to work, but take care of yourself, everybody. Shopify it twice as many employees at the peak as it has today. Shopify, forget about them. Twice as many. And Toby was telling everybody to relax, guys, in late 20, 20, take it easy guys. The commerce will come. Now he's freaking ruthless, isn't he? He's ruthless. Zx, ruthless carps, ruthless. And if you think you're gonna win in B2B, if you're not ruthless, you're gonna lose. So I don't think you should scare pei. Don't think you should tell people, Hey, if you don't step up your jobs over, I actually think that's a dated approach. Just step up and theyquit. I'll give you a small example. If you want this solution, theyjust quit. There's a tool, for example, that we use. We use ten AI's now at faster, up from zero at the start of the year. Okay. But one is a niche tool called momentum. Io, okay. It's a cool startup where you should do the next round if you can, maybe. And it basically mashes up everything gong, granola, everything, so that you have real time insights to everything. Your sales seems doing okay. And that preceis it good. It's good product. It's a good product. It's not perfect. But here's my point. Here's what's interesting. It's not that any it's like a lot of AI products. It's not that any any individual components. T's all that interesting. It's how it synthesizes it, elegant through through AI. But I'll tell you, every company and I got turned onto it, then through Kyle Norton at owner and I brought it into other companies. Every single time it's been brought in, someone on the sales team has quit the first day, quit every single time they quit the first day, including on our little saster team. Someone quit in the day we brought it in. He quit that afternoon because the gig was up. The gig was up. And so that's why, Harry, I don't know if it matters whether you prepare the team, because there's gonna to be so much AI around us, the gig 's gonna to be up one way or another. You're gonna, if you're not productive, if you can't, if you were too busy to get the podcast out this week, if Harry had to do it himself, if you forgot to do the TikToks, the gig's gonna to be up across tech so you don't have to coddle people or scare them. I think they're just gonna to sca report every day that you know you didn't push out enough code to Shopify. You're gonna get pushed out. I'm going to go back to the scared thing and thinking about it a lot, right? As you mentioned it, because it's always funny how ry we start off with prepared script and then you just take a seoff script, buddy. And I haven't spent any time thinking about this until you asked, but I think there's a couple of different characories. I don't think it's great for society if everybody's scared all the time at the kind of level of there are jobs where once upon a time I went a manufacturing company, right? And you know, at that level, the look how the jobs are pretty interchangeable. If it doesn't work out in employer a, you can go down the street to employer B. I think it's good that the MaaS of people don't live in terror of you know, not being able to put food on the table. There's a whole bunch of jobs where it might work out with this employer, but I can get roughly the same wage from another employer. So I got to follow the rules and work hard, but I'm not sitting there every day terrified. But what you're talking about it. So that's one category. And frankly, most of the people have those kind of jobs. I mean, I don't want my teacher teach my kids and natural to be terrified. They should know that if it doesn't work out in this school, they can go somewhere else. That's most jobs. But there's two categories. Maybe it's only one here is if you're holding down a well paid to extraordinarily well paid job and in an entrepreneurial are in an entrepreneurial company, and let's be fine, anyone getting paid 100 bilmillion over four years of, you know, meta is extraordinwell paid. If you're pulling down those kind of salaries, if you're an entrepreneur company, you should be afraid. But ironically, this doesn't affect any of those. This affects the 100 grand year marketer. This affects the 100 grand year sdr, which is I'm not saying 100 grand they're going to be much jobs man, but it's them that affects not the 100 million. And at the point, the good thing about the 100 grand a year process, there are other White coljobs at 100 grand. I gonna to say is I think I'm a compassionate person. If I thought that 100 grand person, the next best option was 20 grand, I feel real empathy for them. But if you know, if you got 100 grand a year job that's going to be automated and your next best job is 95k doing something else, that's life. That's American capitalism. Get over it. I mean, you should feel the need to hustle there. I don't think that's called fear jstami. You're putting on a weird face, like as if you disagree. You think that, well, no, I just think there's like a generation of 23 to 30 year olds who aren't really masters of the craft in any way, don't really know what they want na do. And so they're doing sdrs or marketing, and they're about to get a train, hit them in the face and they're going to go, Oh shit, let give you, let me just give you a quantitative version of it, but theypick themselves up and keep going because you're Young, you got a good education, you know Yeah itbe a little bit hard but now they're checking out just to pull the numbers because Toby Toby did do the night that black and White at Shopify. Okay, let's look at Shopify for a minute from peak employee was in was 2022 11600 employees at Shopify. So since then revenue has grown 91% pretty impressive for a company at 11 billion revenue and employees have gone down from 11600 to 80100, gone down while revenue is up 91%. So I'm sorry if like Toby and now it was early on this, he went he went into beast mode, okay? And he destroyed the competition. Big commerce doesn't exist. WooCommerce doesn't exist anymore. Amazon was never a threat, even though wasn't direct competitor. He went into beast mode and he just got there earlier than the cracked kids in San Francisco. He just got there earlier. And Shopify is doing 91% more revenue with 30% fewer employees. And if you want to fight that, like people would say Iowa is toxic or was hurting their feelings a couple months ago in LinkedIn, I'm like, I'm trying to help you. You want to be one of the 8100 at Shopify or not. You got to decide because you can't leave work at 3:00 to get your salad and and go work out. It's just not gonna to work. You're never gonna to learn the product. And even worse, you're never gonna to beat the AI that knows your product cold. This is the coming reckoning for these people, is that the AI knows this. Every Shopify feature and every Shopify, every AI and the Shopify merchant knows the products better than the humans. AI is smarter than most humans pre agi, it is smarter. Have you ever talked to an sdr that even understands the product they sell? Any 22 year old, like once in my career, have I talked to a 22 year old sdr that knows the product better than me? It's worse with AI. These people are gone. Shopify is going to be at 7000 to 200% bigger. You've got to adjust. The Shopify numbers are stunning. If you think about it, isn't it 30% employee reduction, 91% revenue growth? And it's just starting. It's just starting. And that is before all the AI mandates went out, right? It's concurrent, but it's starting before everyone. Everyone in tech is now before you replace someone, find an AI first, aren't they? It's become the mantra. So it's gonna to accelerate. And I think, but I'm going back to the scared comat because it's funny. I sound like I'm arguing, but I'm actually great. I think my guess is that person 's being 100 ground. Maybe they only get 80. But whatever. I, this one, the thing you should be scared about is you will. And you should be scared is if you're on board something like Shopify, what you've really lost there is the opportunity to participate in four years of equity that could have made you formal inbox, right? That's worth for anyone who's in the cottage. I'm scared every day because you should never take your job for granted, especially if you're in the kind of job you can make millions of dollars if you do it well. And I think that's the level at which you can be scared. And those folks, they should have been scared, I think not, because they went for the 100 grand a year job. I'm just trying to think of the equity, to think I get you there. The opportunity cost on the outside side of the equity is insanely real. But having come from some a family that's lost everything. I worry about downside. Quite frankly, I don't think there's a ton of employers that are queuing up for a 23 to 30 year old grad from a mid University that's not a specialist in anything. In a world of AI cost cutting and economic questionability. No one wants to hire them. No one wants to hire them theyhave to suck it up and learn the different things. But to a burding hour row, theybe fine. I mean, if you look at the gradual anthem, the anecdotes are there. But and it is higher than it's been, but I'm not going to cry for someone in their twenties who has to adopt. It's a very different feeling, the kind of fear someone feels at 55 when their javas are fill in, the blank could go and they've got nothing ahead of them for ten years. That's field. Well, I've seen that kind of field too. It's going to grow with all jerespect. Are you what? I think we're actually, in the end, saying the same thing. You talking of a pain? You could probably get another job. It won't be as good. It won't have the equity upmaybe get a dijob. They will. Don't be fine. Until maybe 18 months ago, if any seasoned B2B executive that I knew needed a job, okay, that I knew reasonably well, I get him a job by an email, I could reach out to some of them. Not even in my portfolio. Extended network founders I met that I knew met on 20 vc, I could get them a job. Today, odds like are 10%. I can get them a job. One, the fires not there. Two, they're not willing to be cracked. Three, they're not willing to come to the office. Four, they don't know the AI tools. I can't get them your job anymore. You're interested about your job. Are you talking about the 50 old guy on the 20 out? Now I'm talking about 38, 35 to 55 to 95. No, those folks, I can't find them any jobs. The veterans, they're not down. And I totally not a single job. I say go to Cisco before Cisco realizes they don't need you. The thing I love about these shows is learning from you. I love from you on palente, I don't freaking gamonday dot com has a good quarter. It's down 30%. What? Well, the Rory may have a more nuanced view on this one. I mean, I know the Shopify data in paleni think Monday is actually the one that should worry us more as investors, right? Which is that Monday was priced to perfection, but growing to perfection. I don't think it's this quarter. It's that their camp came up a little soft and where they thought the growth would be. But it's still asked elite the bar this 50% at 500 million ar and never missing a quarter and keeping it going. We throw on all these numbers at schmuvable and lovable and nan, but man, the bars high. That's the only reminder to me is like, you know, just the expectations are so high today for the top performers that the ones that have those outline revenue multiples is just so high. Rory, I'll give you an unfair question because you love unfair questions. Data dog, HubSpot, palente and Shopify rank one through four on what? Youbuy, I hate giving advice where I don't feel informed. I can give you a guess if you want. Well, Rory thinks about it. That's why I love jc. I'm gonna I'm gonna take Shopify. It is gaining market share at scale. Palenis growing at scale. And maybe it's gaining, you know it is gaining a certain type of market. It's dominating government contracts. Don't get me wrong. So some people could criticize me for being simplistic, but e -commerce, commerce is the biggest part of our economy, right? Even bigger than the enterprise Rogot. The numbers and the fact that they continue to gain share is breathtaking. What if Shopify as 80% market share and the economy is 80%? E -commerce, like help me do the math, right? Versus 13% of all commerce already goes through Shopify, right? And it has essentially 90% of the platform market share. So platform lock in, even in today's AI world is kind of exciting, isn't it? You get it's kind of exciting to to have lock in. I buy your decision. I don't buy your logic. And let me tell you what I mean by that. You know if if they're all being bought in the same revenue multiple, I think the palenteo opportunity in terms of gross margin dollars is way bigger. I was comparing 108x ar R to 17 nine. Exactly right. That's what I was gonna say. It's that was implicit in my analysis. No, and that's where it gets. That's exactly right. Because you have to say to yourself, and that's why I apote, because you got to say to yourself, a vc would say, this is perhaps the difference between the quest, a vif, you were to rank the size of the opportunity from here, I think it would probably would be palhere Shopify. And then the other two was really top of SaaS companies. And that's pretty obvious, straightforward youhave palener one, even with the enterprise. And that's a size of the opportunity, not valuation. And please don't miss Cory, but yes, because yes, shop commerce is huge, but gross margin dollars, the ability to sell $5 million projects to enterprise, to corunquote, implement AI just strikes me as a wonderful place to be for the next five or ten years in a way that while Shopify huge, you know, you do have it's a more mature market. Palintero on the White heat of this is new, this is exciting and we have it. No one else does, which is where you know, Shopify, data dog and HubSpot were five, ten years ago. But what I can't do in my head, I'm not gonna to do because I'm not is as Jason says, how do you adjust that for the fact that the market is well aware of this issue when it's trading in 120 versus 18? What are the other two trading at you? I know dded dog is 15x revenue and there right haven't checcopon a while. Here's the brutal one Monday, which we talked about off the charts. Good. Right after the correction, 84x ar R. Dude, I bought ld a shit out of it. I'm gonna be all I know. But, but but think about how many companies do we have in our portfolios that are not as good as Monday that may be priced around higher than 84x ar? It just Monday is the one it's kind of soul crushing. It's like you sure your portfolio so good if it's trading at 8.4x, right? It's that's a tough compression to go down there, isn't it? When the growth dies, all these businesses become very uncompelling at Yeah in terms of valuation, you exactly why, Jason? And that's why you have to be just growth bigots all the way on these deals because Yeah, once they flattened out, it's four to five times if you're lucky. Yeah but even they're still at almost 30 growth. It's just we're all too optimistic about our portfolio companies compared to Monday 20 years up until probably 2019, the median samultiple was 6.3 ish and the median growth rate was almost 30%. And now the median multiple is closer to six. Again, the growth rate e's 20, but the profitability is more. But Yeah, I mean, for the longest time, it was you only got six x for 30. Well done more. I think you did an amazing job there articulating before you have palener one, Shopify two, data dog three in Hubbs spot four. That's not what I get that I think it is. I said off you stuit unprintable with Jeri. Think, dude, I did not say that. And if you say that I did not say that, I said in terms of unpenetrated, we're gonna title this Rory is public leaderboard with your face to seeing the new guest on your next show. Harry, mark Benny off coming. He's good and he wants to hang out with you. Rory, okay. Well, then you have to be nicer to me. I'm gonna be nice. Cuyou know what's amazing after last show? Cliff from Canva, done. Whatyou call him araron from perplsty? Done. Jeff from Twilio, done. Mark Benny, off, done. All wanting to come on the show. All fans, little do they know that when you come on, you just get asked stinker questions where you have one of your most successful ceos in the mix and you're just a jerk out. Guys, we mentioned that like actually where is the upside and where e's the opportunity caught as state of vc Q2 20, 25 came out? A couple of things I want to dig in on and then we'll wrap. But highest valuations ever for Sena. And it goes back to what we said there about actually comparing to Monday. How do we feel about risk adjusted, where dollars are best? And how do you feel when you see highest valuations ever for Sena? Do you see that reflected in your daily work? But the cardata in everyone else data also says there's fewer seed rounds been done than twelve months ago and 24 months ago. Everyone that doesn't read the stuff, founders especially be cognizant there's fewer deals being done and it's worse than that because the deals are very specific. Forget about the breathtaking growth of AI native leaders. It makes sense. If you're concentrating into winners, this would happen. We're also just concentrating into winners across the board. It's not just ten deals for 40% of dollars. It's everywhere. We're seeing concentration. Agree. And that to me was the much more interesting point. The concentration in late stage round revenjury why? It's fine, the leader will come out. And the concentration in late stage runs, it's just amazing. We run an internal process. We look at every deal done with the total dollars we deal with every quarter. For the last couple of quarters, we've literally had to back out one or two deals because it just makes the statistic so weird. Like in Q1, the deals we focus in total, you know, deals in our sweet spot, enterprise B2, b ten total, I think $12 billion in total dollars raised OpenAI waforty the same period. It's just like twice our entire addressable market for us and 100 other a and b firms was done in one deal. That's a huge level of concentration. Same thing in you know Q2. I mean, you have interesting enough, in some deals, meta gets reported as an investment in scale AI because they, quote, put the money in. You know, so in theory events, investwhich is absurd, but you have big runfor, entropic xrai, where literally your entire sector is smaller than one round at the super late stage, you know, I've seen concentration, but never to that extent. Contrations, unprecedented, right? It just is what it is. Is that a momentary element of time where we are in the cycle? Or is that going to be a continuing feature of a new age of venture and technology? It's probably not going to it's not going to go back completely, Ted. Well, es do I think that's going to be a $40 billion round every second Monday at no. But there's no doubt. I mean, there's a couple of industries now that are now appear to be venture accessible and are fairly capital intensive. Obviously llm model creation, obviously allowed of defense. So there does appear to be a higher propensity to do more capital intensive industries with one thing. And then the second thing is the more you stay private for longer, the more this becomes a phenomenon. It's the effect of holding them longer means they become bigger companies, bigger companies just to run their balance sheet. You know, if you're running a $100 million revenue company, you can have 20 million bucks on your balance sheet cash flow PaaS of your fight. If you're running a $10 billion company, even if you're profitable, you probably need a couple bilbucks on a balance sheet just to manage fluctuations. So as these companies stay private for longer, there's going to continue to be the steady stream fairly among this later stage finances. You know and as I said, and then add to that the nature of the businesses, the model companies, the defense companies are you know capital hounds in a way that SaaS or consumer in that even wasn't. So Yeah, I think it's maybe not as pronounced as now, but it ain't going back to everything between a's, b's and c's and nothing be more than $100 million race. It ain't going back. And everyone that wants to go back or give that dated advice, we had an Brian Halligan was so good right before. If folks got this far and haven't watched him, that was s tier. Go watch that one. And his point was when he's talking with squis, like at best, half of what I learned at HubSpot matters today, it's adventure, right? We're not going back. The AI is so much bigger than cloud in so different. And unless the lp cut off the valve, we're not going back to the old venture. You know, has been a good fact for the large firms, the synchronicity of people having a lot of money, putting it out in lots of deals in 20, 21, not not working. I might even have guessed that the next stage of the movie was kind of real retrenchment on those firms. You know, youseen that doing 100 deals of 10 billion pre didn't work. And maybe you can't deploy that much capital, but along come this crop of extraordinary arily good companies like you know but I like antropic where you can deploy large amounts of capital. I think it really has provided justification for the opportunity for those larger funds to say, Hey, look, you can put a billion dollars to work in two or three model el companies. And you all will have thought, inventures, Oh my God, there's no diversification. That's terrifying and it's not our business. But I can totally see talking to an lp and saying, this is the only way to access that risk. If you want to access that risk, you need this vehicle, and that's why they exist. It's been marvelel for them. We're gonna to do a coshy quick fire kashe's. Obviously, this prediction marketplace bats on cool real life things. I would create my own first one and following our conversation, because I really want to Palantir over or under five year market cap, 2 trillion. Its current market cap is circa 455 years from today. So that would be me in 2:30. I love the company. And I, Dave, exceeded all expectations. I just think compding to 2 trillion from here is pretty damn hard. So I'm a know, Jason, I'm pretty decisive. I'm just comparing that to salesforce. Salesforce at 40 billion, worth 222 billion. Now I'm feeling gravity when I'm looking literally I'm looking at the number one and number two by market cap. It's you know, palinteris worth almost twice as much as salesforce as we write this. And salesforce is number two right at 40 billion. So the AI is bigger than cloud. So that's the reason it's going to happen. But I'm worried about a gravity when salesforce is only worth 222 billion as we record this. So I want to take this bet, but I'm gonna go the I'm gonna to go the under. Okay, we've got when will stripe officially announce an ipo before June first 27 or after the correct responses doesn't matter anymore. I mean, under so post public, I don't know. It trades all the time. I mean, Yeah, I'm sorry. I mean, the cash flow positive wildly. So they're just doing their thing. But you think they will go public in the next two years if the cost of capital gets markedly cheaper in the public markets than maybe but they seem to be more resistant than most and there's nothing going to make and do it because they're strongly cash flow positive at huge scale and there's liquidity. So the truth is it's an idiosyncratic bet and the colises haven't shared their opinion with me. So hell, I don't know. Try honest. Thank you. You're not chatting to them in an Irish WhatsApp loop over a beer in the studio over a chey pint with barrier. That was a very, very important sign. I thought one of the best FinTech founders in the world is a moderator to Dario. I just thought it was ironic ten years ago. People like Harry, media will never work for you, dude. Just to let you know, it's not a thing. I think days I think strive, do a super interesting job in media with the publishing and all and they're just more than most companies does an intellectual curiosity there, which I find the most attractive thing about that company. And like totally agree. Public, which is no, I mentioned as a compliment. I know I' D1 to panknow Yeah, it's two smart people talking to each other. Final one, will x AI sue apple? There's odds for this one. And I know you like your story. So yes, $100 gets you dollar hundred and $9. No, $100 gets you $151. Elon has made it pretty clear he's very unhappy with apple and he's already sued. OpenAI. There's a precedent there, right? Yes, not. A because he appears to have a pensive depicfights with everyone to just fun to watch. B, because it's all about the dispute with ChatGPT. And to some extent, you could I saw a good tweet that basically said it one's wrong because the whole idea that apple's going to fafor anyone, they don't need ChatGPT to be widely successful. They need to figure out there. So it's a marriage of convenience. Maybe the bad answer is if apple continued to be, quote, aligned with ChatGPT, then probably they get drawn into it because the ChatGPT versus x dot AI fight is going to be existential for a long time because that's bought, it seems to be bought personal and business because you have the old x dot AI business, that fight ain't going away. So anyone getting sucked into that could get pulled into the mess. So to the extent they are, then Yeah, so probably not a bad bet. It's kind of like getting named in the lawsuit. You know I you didn't do it wrong, but you're dealing with someone that did something wrong to me. So I'm just gonna to pull you into this mess of depot all your executives. Anyway, Jason, I think it makes sense. I mean, epic doing wing them was sort of worth it right at the margin. She's incensed and he's got a lot of money in xai. I mean, he has he's the richest man in the world, but doesn't have unlimited capital. I think it happens. Guys, as always, I so appreciate this. I want one final question from you. You gave me a target of like someone to get for the show. I think I delivered with the people that I've lined up. If you would add one more name, who would you say it is? Well, look, for what it's worth, Alex carp's always been my dream since the beginning of saster asked every single year since like 2:15. So personally, if he has the energy to do it from his farm, that would be my, that would be my dream. I love that. I agree. Allies would be amazing. Now I want to make those shows the best shows they can be. So please let me know what we can do to make them better, improve them, if you want us to have a guest on the show, I'd love to hear your thoughts. Email me Harry at 20 vc com, and you can find the show on YouTube by searching for 20 vc. But before we leave you today, let's talk about agents, specifically, Piper, the aisdr agent brought to you by qualified. The agengentic marketing era has arrived. And if you're A B two B Marketing leader looking to scale a pipeline generation, Piper, the aisdr agent. Wow, it is here to help. Piper is the number one aisdr agent on the market according to g two. And hundreds of companies like box, assaand, Brax have hired Piper to autonomously grow inbound pipeline. Fucking sign me up. Anyway, qualified customers see massive business impact with Piper. Three x increase in meetings booked and two x increase in pipeline. Wow, that is some results. Hire Piper, the number one AI sdr agent, and grow your pipeline today. Learn more at qualified dot com slash 20 vc. That's qualified com slash 20 vc with the 20 vc spelt out in letters, for goodness sake. And while Piper builyour pipeline ao gives you the crm power to close and grow those relationships, ao is the next generation of crm built for the AI era, fast, flexible and powerful. No, it's not a sports car. It's a crm system, baby. It is ao and it takes less than a minute. Sync your email, your calendar, and you'll instantly get all your relationships enriched in real time with incredible data, no manual input needed. Ao also integrates with your existing tools and things with your product data to deliver an AI native platform that's tailored to how your team actually works. You can model your crm around your business, or to make complex tasks and surface real time insights, all in a platform designed to scale with you. With ao, AI isn't just a feature. No, no, it is the foundation. It's powerful. It's AI automations. It's research agents that transform your go to market motion. It's a data driven engine from intelligent pipeline tracking to smarter product like growth, fast growing startups like flat file replicate and Modare, all experiencing what's next. So get ready to build without limits and start now. Ao dot com forward slash two vc and get 15% off your first year. That's atattio com slash 20 vc. Okay, pipeline sorted. Now what about your own legal team, anta legora? Laora is the category defining AI platform that's fundamentally reshaping how legal work gets done about freaking time, empowering lawyers across tier one law firms and in house teams to achieve more with greater precision and confidence. So laora does this by solving really concrete tasks such as document extraction reviews against a firm playbook and suggesting well crafted markups directly in Microsoft Word based on your preferences. My word, that is a topic list of conversation that will not get a second date. But anyway, the adoption of legal AI is surging across the world, and laga is at the forefront of this shift. As the chosen partner to 250 industry leaders in law across more than 20 markets, the likes of Goodwin, bird and bird and deloitd are making daily use of laga platform to review and research with precision, draft smarter and collaborate seamlessly. They recently also got an 80 million Series B from iconic at their bby, general catalyst, rab point, benchmark and yc. Also, they operate out of New York, London, Stockholm, yes, their Swedes. Always a wonderful race. With over 100 employees from some of the world's leading global law firms and tech companies, the team is growing super rapidly. They're just freaking awesome. Just go use laga. Honestly, I love max, that founder. He's just a great dude. Go find out more laga. Com. As always, I so appreciate all your support and stay tuned for an incredible episode with max at laora tomorrow.
