---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: SQ
title: "Block (SQ) "Could be Stock of 2025," Will Rebrand to XYZ"
channel: "Schwab Network"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: xodE06-Umo4
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xodE06-Umo4
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Block (SQ) "Could be Stock of 2025," Will Rebrand to XYZ

**Channel**: Schwab Network  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xodE06-Umo4

## Transcript

Nicole Petallides, live on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Let's spotlight block. Used to know it as square. Right. And so the ticker symbol is SQ. But that's going away. And now it has been a real winner. One year it's up 22%. It's had somewhat of a choppy chart over the years. Dan Dolev joining me now senior fintech equity research analyst at Mizuho Americas. I'm glad you're here with us to talk about X, y, z. That's the new ticker symbol January 21st. Maybe you could explain that to me, but you horked out square a long, long time ago when it was low, trading low, you talked about the Cash App and that came to fruition. I mean, it did get a boost. Then it sort of faltered. Where are we now in the in this story? And what do I call it, square block or x, y z I think hey Nicole, great to be on the show as always. I think a lot of portfolio managers are going to wake up on like January 22nd and be like, why do I have X, y, z in my portfolio? Right? Right. They keep changing it, right? It went from square to block the name, the name. But the SQ stayed, the SQ stayed, which I thought was great. Right. And now they're changing SQ to X, y, z. God knows what's going on. You know, on that front I think you know, you don't you don't like make a stock based on these things. But I think, I mean, my interpretation is it's kind of a waste of time to change the names. The best brand they have is still square in my view. But let's talk about the fundamentals. Yeah. I mean, where do you think this is headed and why? I mean, the XYZ almost feels like everything in the pot, I mean, other than a zipper, but it feels like a, you know, like everything's in the pot, like, you know, from end to end, we've got you covered type of thing. Is that sort of the message? I don't know, but let me, let me ask you this. It was at $99. It has since pulled back. It's now at $82. Where do you think this could be headed and why? This is actually this could be the stock of 2025. And let me explain to you why. Yes, I didn't come here for average news. I came here for big news. I come I come here for here for big news, not averages. This could be the stock of 25. Let me explain to you why they've had two. They have two big ecosystems, right. The POS ecosystem where where they were like the innovator right back in 2013. They were the first ones to do branded POS. And then they came up with the Cash App, which we'll talk about later. The branded POS has had its like heyday back in the last part of the last decade. But then they started like not innovating as much as their competitors. So toast came in with a special I love toast. They came in with like a specialty in restaurants. Clover, which is owned by Fiserv, which I love as well. They came in with like basically a mass distribution engine and offered like a nice white shiny point of sale at the same price with massive distribution and square kind of left was left behind. What they've done, they've since changed management under Jack Dorsey, and they basically are working to fix that POS part and grow accelerate revenue growth. And I think what's going to happen this year is growth in that ecosystem is going to accelerate. Wow. That's amazing how they're going to be able to do that. And so at 90 I'm sorry $82. Will that push it back to new highs. It should push it back above $100 okay. That's a big move right I think so yeah. The Cash App still Cash app is still very sexy right? I mean, the big lever that they have on the Cash App is they're doing a sort of like, you know, a payday lending. If you think about a lot of people that use the Cash App is more lower income people. So they definitely get a lot of utility out of payday lending. And, you know, there's no shortage of demand. So all they need to do is just to make sure that they don't lend too much money and not get back some of that money. Right. So as long as they do that, it's a great business. They've got 60 million monthly average users and they keep selling more and more, you know, products into that ecosystem. So there's a lot to like there. There's a lot to like in the POS. They own Afterpay, which is buy now, pay later, which is now getting pretty hot again with the Klarna IPO. So I think this year could be a great revival of square. So I could see it going well above 100. And you need a good economy though to for a point of sale, right? I mean, so does that mean you think a good economy is coming? Well, I am always optimistic. I've actually looked at if the sequel is as good as the original movie. Yeah, right. Which is not always never. Yeah. It's I mean, I'm trying to trying to think about, you know, Godfather two was good. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Pretty good. But if the sequel is as good as the original movie, if it's Godfather two, then post-Trump one. We've done some analysis on our team that shows you massive acceleration in new business formations, which is directly correlated to. So you've had like, you know, 12 to 13 months of acceleration in new business formations, acceleration in retail and food spend, if you get that same thing. And maybe that jobs number in December is a prelude to that. That's a very good call it sort of environment or betting. So that's good news right. That's good news. So overall you're a fan of this name. I was looking to see if there was any real meaning between the x, y, z. I'm still not finding it. They do have some of the things that we discussed. The Cash App, square, Afterpay and title title. They're sort of winding down. They're winding down on that okay. And then we'll get some more news from the company on February 20th where they will release financial results. Do you buy this ahead of the earnings. Yeah. You buy this ahead of the earnings 100% I think this is the this is one of our top picks in 2025. This PayPal affirm. Yeah. Let's hear about some of the others. So PayPal affirm PayPal like these are your top new management team. You know I love the old management I love Alex Kris the new CEO. I mean, they're basically going after, you know, uncharted territories. There's like small numbers, like $1 trillion Tam of checkout that's being still done through punching in your credit card. And PayPal is going after that. Tam, no one else has done this, and they're actually so good that they're partnering with their competitors. So they actually partner with Adyen, which is a huge, huge competitor to Braintree in Fast Lane, which is that, you know, fast checkout eyeing that trillion dollar Tam. So PayPal could be great as well in 2025. And what kind of percentage gain could we see on PayPal? I mean, again, I think well over $100 right now. It's at $86. You got at least 20% from here. Okay. And then a firm right now firm is trading at 55. Yeah I have a $78 price target I think so okay. A firm is like the a firm is the standard gold standard of buy now pay later and you're going to see this. We've done some side by side analysis like when Klarna goes public sometime this year, what you're going to see is just how much more the quality right, of a firm versus Klarna. There are three times more profitable. Their take rate is like four times higher. It's the Rolls Royce versus the average car. And that's how I would think about a firm. A firm is probably has the most upside from all of them, and it's just so well managed out of including square too, I think. So it's just the sky's the limit on it. So is that the stock of 2025? Well I mean I guess three I love all three. Could be stock of 25. Max is Max is a genius. He's a stable genius. And you need that right. You know so I'm just watching square here 82 where you said that could go to 100. Making that note, the final thought is so it's the right time for these fintech names their best position. What's the final takeaway? If I'm trying to explain to somebody why square is best positioned right now, what's the sentence or the takeaway? What's the one sentence? The one on square square in particular? Yeah. Square in particular. The one driver is they've got a very well diversified. They've got two ecosystems. Either one can work. So they hedge each other out and they're coming off of a very tough three year period where they've stopped gaining share and maybe lost some share so that, you know, reincarnation of square, that revival. People like to see that. Oh all right. So we'll look for that. Thank you. Good to see you Dan
