---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: SQ
title: "Block (Square) Case Study: AI Layoffs, Cash App, Bitcoin & a $100B Rise… Then Crash"
channel: "Bet-David Consulting"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: ENpS77deBBE
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ENpS77deBBE
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Block (Square) Case Study: AI Layoffs, Cash App, Bitcoin & a $100B Rise… Then Crash

**Channel**: Bet-David Consulting  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ENpS77deBBE

## Transcript

Tom Ellsw with the BISD doc back with another classic case studies. That's right, I'm back. The classic Formula 1 shirts are back. This is team Mercedes from the glory days of Lewis Hamilton winning four championships in a row. Amazing stuff that he did. And I've got this because it's all about performance in Formula 1. And we're going to talk about company performance. And if you like how we do it, we can talk about your performance, too. Just go to betdavid.com and find out what we could do for you or your company. or come to one of our fantastic conferences to get educated sidebyside with entrepreneurs just like you. So, what's up with Block? What's happened? Big press release talking about AI, talking about layoffs, talk about being added to the S&P. How does it all come together? And why was it all in one press release? I've got all that and more this week. [music] Block. Originally known as Square years and years ago, now it's just NYSE. SQ is the ticker, and you can find out all about it. I'm going to take you on a quick linear trip through to show you how it was built, what was there, but we're very going to quickly get to the end where we talk about what happened over the last two weeks, and why were they in the news, and why were people saying, "Oh, people going to lose AI jobs." Maybe they will. And what is the impact here? We're going to step through it, but first, let's go back in time briefly. Block was originally founded a square way back in 2009 by Jack Dorsey. The Twitter Jack Dorsey off in St. Louis, not exactly Silicon Valley, but St. Louis is where he started with it in 2009. And he quickly funded it himself and was able to get easy venture capital because everybody knew Jack from Twitter and his status and the wealth that he had there. So, away we go as Square. very soon after. It took about four years to really get going, but we all saw the familiar square. Remember that? Plug it in the bottom of the phone. You had everybody from a cab driver to a a valet. You would swipe your phone on the little plastic sweeper there that they had, the card activator, and that was Square and that's what we all knew. And they were trying to offer that to as many vendors, sole proprietors or people inside restaurants and stuff as they could off and running. four years of that and we knew it as square we knew it on Android we knew it on iPhone and they come out with cash app also originally first known as square cash now they built that and then also announced square capital so they're using all their money here to devise ways to offer extended products and away they go right here 2015 IPO NASDAQ square and as you can see six years so six years to an IPO know that may be a little long by Silicon Valley standards. A lot of times they try to push four or five years, but most of the time in the modern world, that's about right. Now, I want you to follow this line down here because this is going to take us to the layoff when we get there. The orange here is employees. So, at the time they launched Square Capital Cash App around 2014, 1,300 employees, IPO, about 1,450 employees and away we go. And then we come down here and we'll follow the white which will be the stock price that I have a really bad looking chart but it's pretty accurate on a historical basis directionally. So what happens next then 2018 they've been uh public for a few years kind of meandering there in the 80 to 60 range and they announce Bitcoin trading on Cash App. Now remember we're a very short time away from CO. So they announce Bitcoin trading on Cash App and then they make an acquisition of Weebi which was tools to help you integrate Square products into your company website or into other websites, commerce websites. Nonetheless, Weebi was a set of tools to help you use Square wherever you wanted to use it in an online and mobile world. So Bitcoin was you could trade it on Cash App in 2018. And you can see suddenly with the acquisition and other growth, they're up to 3,349 employees and the stock is just cruising along here. Now we're getting into the danger zone. In 2020, they invested $50 million in Bitcoin. At the time, people thought that was a ridiculous amount of money. And that makes them one of the first Bitcoin treasury companies where part of the value of the company is the Bitcoin sitting in treasury, which is your bank account. Away we go. Stimulus checks. Guess what? Cash App was used to give out stimulus checks. Jack Dorsey through an IPO and in the financial world was in contact with a lot of people in terms of regulation. So, he was familiar to Washington and familiar to the SEC and those that regulate. And he said, "Hey, I could help you distribute stimulus checks to people who maybe are unbanked or inadequately banked." And so they would be distributing stimulus checks because now it's 2020. COVID has happened. We've been told to go inside. Biden is elected. Trump is out as a result of all that. But take a look. 5477 employees they had at this time. And the stock starts going bonkers. And for $300 million, $297. Somebody got the three. Who got the $3 million? I said 300. It's 297. Somebody got $3 million. probably the banker and they buy title the music. It's like, wait a minute, I didn't understand it. A lot of people didn't understand it. Meanwhile, this reputation in the market, they rocket all the way up here and they go from a 2.9 billion valuation shortly after the IPO to a hundred billion valuation right here in the middle of COVID. So, take a look at this. The next year, they would acquire Afterpay, which is buy now poor later. also pronounced buy now pay later for if you've got too much credit on your credit cards and you use BNPL to pay for the TV that you can't afford over three months and who knows how you're going to do that which is why there's so much delinquency in BNPL nonetheless they jump into the pool with BNPL now you can see from focusing on merchant services helping merchants a different way to do it and cash app there and now they have music and they have this there's a lot of distributed focus and The market didn't like it too much and the market also was noticing internal costs. Take a look at this. After title 8,251 employees and when they buy Afterpay in 2022, just moments before we're allowed to go outside, take off the mask, enjoy the vitamin D and the sunshine and CO is going to start winding down. Take a look at the CO surge when people are getting laid off. Remember the Biden job numbers where they said, "Oh, we recreated 2.2 million jobs." Bull. A lot of those were reactivations. And even the Department of Labor called them bouncebacks, hospitality, restaurants, theme parks, movie theaters, malls that had a lot of employees there. Guess what? They were furoughed or laid off, but the Lowe's were reactivated later. And then the Biden administration said, "We created all these jobs." No, you didn't. The job may have gone away, but the waitress at Chili's came back to Chili's. The guy working inside the Winnie the Pooh costume at Disney came back, right? less sweaty and with a clean shaven, but he was back nonetheless. So all of those people were coming back at this time and job creation, job blush, not over at Square, which is now branded block to talk about blockchain and all the things around Bitcoin, Bitcoin trading, things like that. Guess what? 7,000 jobs were added during the during the COVID era. My goodness. to the point that they're sitting at 12,500. 12,428 to be exact. So, here you have this. And look, no wonder the stock goes down. I'm a music company. I'm this. I'm that. I've got incredible internal costs. There should have been a consolidation at this point. And that's going to be a lesson I'm going to get to. So, here we go here. And we've said we're now block. And here come the blockchain tools and the blockchain focus by Square. Bingo. They after they acquired Afterpay in 23, they acquired BitKey, which is a wallet. Oh, okay. Well, we've got Bitcoin trading and Cash App. Now, we've got a wallet. That all makes sense. That's your focus. And you can still see we're at 13,000 employees. They did make a little bit of a change in 23 to 24. There was some layoffs or they allowed people, they had attrition, they didn't replace it, and introduced Proto as a new product halfway between 24 and 25. Which brings us to today. Now let's look at from the middle of COVID 21 forward. They were for 2022, excuse me, they were 17.5 billion in revenue and almost a billion dollar in Ibida. That's a serious company. A year later almost $22 billion in revenue, $1.79 billion in IBIDA. Then in 2024, 24 and 24 billion in revenue, 1.6 6 and EBA ah went down. No wonder the stock price is sitting and again this is not a perfectly accurate chart but this is directionally with the peaks and valleys that were happening at that time. The important thing to know is it was stuck in a range and it was far below the 100 billion that once it had traded at. So 24 billion and 1.61 in Ibida. Then 2025 24.19 billion in revenue 3.47 47 billion in IBIDA. Something's working. Something's rolling. And they were invited to join the S&P 500. So, Square is now in the S&P 500, part of the S&P index that you may uh trade through ETFs like SPY is one of the ETFs, exchangeraded funds, where you can basically have exposure to the S&P 500 by buying shares in SPY. Now, they're part of it. Now, let's go to when all the funds started recently. We're here at the beginning of 2026 and they're trading between 44 and 82. They were down around 44 45 46 when they announced layoffs. And Jack Dorsey announced actually some good communications with his people. You saw the email he sent out to it. And if a CEO is going to send out an email like that, I think that's the way to do it. He did that the right way. Um, but the real question was he talked a lot about AI. He talked about teams inside of Square going to be using AI together. Really? Um, that's interesting because those in the market, including analysts, says, "Yes, we're hearing a lot about AI layoffs and stuff, but Jack, as nice as you're being your to your employees, and as really compassionate as that email was, Jack, nobody thinks that you really, you know, had right-sized organization after your latest acquisition just three years ago with Afterpay. As a matter of fact, people thought it was kind of languishing while you were terassing around Africa on safaris and disappearing for months at a time. And that's what was happening. That's just the truth. I'm just commenting on what has been widely reported. And so your stock was struggling along. It got to 80 back down to 60. So it was in this range. And at the time, TTM stands for trailing 12 months. At the time you're making this announcement, your stock was a high of 82 and a low of 44. And the big pop. Oh my gosh. Square has popped up only took it to 62 which only took it to 38 which is a little bit more than almost 40% of the value here. So that means it's down 60%. As a matter of fact on a 5-year trailing basis you would have lost 72% of your money if you bought square exactly 5 years ago. Now you would still be waiting for the return. But the stock market like the layoff. Why does the stock market like layoffs? Because it's a reduction in cost. And the stock market always assumes that layoffs are maybe a little more than they need to be because the company, the CEO, and the board are trying to get profits that they can report to the market when they're public. If they're private companies, who knows the reason? It can be the same. They may have investors or bank covenants or things like that. Nonetheless, you can see what happened here. 6,000 is now the number of employees. So, they're able to run it on 6,000. So, is AI a part of this? Yes, it is. There are groups inside Square that said they're using AI and one person in AI is getting the job done of maybe two or three in certain analyst or white collar positions. They haven't spoken specifics, but there have been generalities that have been leaked out. But these are similar to the things that we've heard other people say. So, is AI part of it? Yes. But how do you read this press release and all the madness? This is uncorrected headcount following a giant acquisition. a stock that wasn't trending up over time and needed some help and they just got it at the same time. AI is helping consolidate jobs and helping uh teams do more but putting pressure on white collar workers. Nonetheless, the stock market likes anything that'll give you more uh profit. And that's exactly what happened here. So, they're up to 62 and back to 38 billion market cap. So, let me slow down and be a little less caffeinated for a moment. The lessons for you and me with every major change you made, whether you're introducing a new product or you're acquiring a company or you're doing something, you always need to step back and say, is all of this team and all of this leased office space still what I need? Do I compare myself to other companies in my space to look at my margin, my operating expense, my percent of IBIDA? Always compare after you do something big to grow or merge. Am I still right size to my competitive set? So the first is know the right size and know step two whenever you take step one. The enthusiasm of an acquisition will be replaced by the humiliation of a layoff years later unless you do it at the same time and you say I don't need two heads of HR. I don't need new heads of finance, but Jimmy, Sarah, we love you and we're going to give you appropriate packages and treat you great. The employees see that and they see the compassion and the human side of that. And they also understand, well, we just acquired this company and we don't need two finance directors. We don't need two HR leaders. We don't need two IT departments. We need one. So, they understand it. Don't let the shoe drop later because then people just say, "What did we get all drunk and happy about the acquisition and then did all this later?" No, do it at that time. The market will like it. The investors will like it. And even if you're a small company in Memphis making t-shirts, your employees will like it and understand even though those are displaced or looking for their jobs. The second mixing news, good and bad. Saying, "I'm going to be laying off some people. I'm finally consolidating." That is actually good news to the analysts, bad news to the people. Look at the email I wrote. It's good news that I'm being very open and compassionate. But then I go, but it's it's AI and we're excited about the future in AI and look at all the efficiencies we're getting. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You're mixing all of this together. It may be related, but when you mix the news, you get the pop followed by all the headlines asking about leadership because the headlines when you look at the subheads headline a off drives layoffs square stock jumps up 24%. Subhead leadership, what have they been doing for four years since the acquisition? Why didn't they rightsize that? That's got to be part of this. Which is it? Mixing news is never good. whether you're talking to 20 employees in a lunchroom or you're talking to a million investors on the public stage. Lastly, focus. I happen to think that one of the reasons that this stock journey has been like this for Square and I'll go over here and look back all the way like here is that there hasn't been focus. I see focus on Bitcoin and blockchain products here. I also see a focus like on Cash App in the original Square. But then I see a music product. That's a lack of focus. Just because you can doesn't mean you should. You run the best bakery and you're called Mrs. Fields and you have an outlet at the mall. Just because you've got cooks, raw ingredients, and ovens doesn't mean you should jump into cupcakes or wedding cakes or birthday cakes. Your focus is the freaking cookies. And that is what I believe that got lost right here. And the lack of focus led to enthusiasm followed by crash enthusiasm. Focus will always be your friend. And lastly, leadership. Along the way here, there has been where's Jack? It's been like where's Waldo? He was on trying to find himself. He was out of the country. This has been a long time. This is this is a 15 almost 17-year run that this company has had right now. And so consistent leadership is necessary. Jack has been omnipresent even when he's put in COOs and other people. It's still Jack unless he's disengaged or he says I'm on the board and officially leaves it alone, he's still there. So it creates leadership issues and I think those leadership issues brought the genius of Jack and all the products I had along with the distraction of Jack. And so leadership, leadership and focus. Whatever you're doing, again, 20 people making t-shirts or software in Memphis or 2,000 people doing something, I believe in that focus. And so there you have it. There is a tour from 2009 to 2026 to the story you may have forgotten about to the story you couldn't avoid on the headlines and in between where it was like damn, you go up and you buy title and then you come crashing back down the other way. That is the story of Block and that's what the fuss is all about. If you like this, please subscribe. That will help our algorithm and we've heard that about 51% of you actually don't subscribe to the channel. Also, hit the bell to subscribe. You'll get notifications. But what we would like more than anything else, leave a comment below. What would you like to see us cover? A product line, an industry segment, or a company? I will dive right in because classic case studies will be back every weekend. You can find it here on Valueainment. And the Formula 1 shirts are back because it's a symbol of performance. Because I'm covering their performance while I'm celebrating the performance of what I think is a great sport. And I want you to use these lessons to improve your performance and your company as well. Until next time, I'm Tom Ell with the Bisdoc. And I hope I left you better than I found you.
