---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: DDOG
title: "DataDog CEO Olivier Pomel On the Future of AI and Agent Engineering"
channel: "Arize AI"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: OJwDxevGl4M
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJwDxevGl4M
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# DataDog CEO Olivier Pomel On the Future of AI and Agent Engineering

**Channel**: Arize AI  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJwDxevGl4M

## Transcript

Hey everyone, thank you so much for joining us for a very special version of Observe today. Uh today we have Olivier, founder, CEO of Data Dog, joining us uh to really talk about kind of the the new generation of observability that's that's been in motion over the last two years. Um maybe without further ado, I'd first just like to ask Olivier to introduce himself today. >> So hi, I'm Olivier, co-founder and CEO of Da Dog. Uh been doing this for now 15 years. It's been a long time. Um and the the good news is that we're just getting started. Turns out like as we maybe we'll discuss a little bit today, uh there's just no shortage of a need for observability, especially in a world that is being written by and for AI. >> Awesome. Well, I know everyone's going to be really excited to to watch this. So, maybe let me ask you a question and just jump in. Olivia, you started Data Dog to first just bridge developers uh and ops when those teams often didn't speak the same language. Um, looking back, what did you learn about kind of creating alignment between those two groups? And for people who are thinking about, you know, is there any parallels for today? There's AI engineers, there's AIP PMs, there's, you know, non-technical folks trying to build agents with, you know, either low code or cloud code. And um, yeah, any lessons for today? So well first yes there definitely there are parallels and and for those of you who are not familiar with the data do story the the the reason I started it with my co-founder was that we we used to sit on both sides of the dev versus ops divide uh with devops fighting all the time and our starting point was not hey let's build better monitoring because at the time it was not called observability it was called monitoring um it was it was hey let's bring devon ops into the same place let's get them to speak the same language Uh and I think the the same applies today and it applies also to different roles like there's different people in the company that need to participate and they need to be brought into the same place. um what we did I think still works like I think the same approach today uh or the same lessons will work you know you mentioned you know speaking a different language I think it's good to have people speaking a common language be in the same place in the same application share the same reality not you know tools that are different and sort of kind of right in their own way but with a different perspective on the world and different border effects on the sides um having the same reality in front of you is good but also you to plug into uh people's actual workflows like what it is they actually need to do. Uh you don't get them to show up in the tool just because it's there. You get them to show up in the tool because it helps them do what they need to do. Um and uh and perhaps the the most important lesson we've learned over the years is you have to minimize friction. So you have to show value very quickly. You have to make sure that there are uh incentives for people to show up together, no disincentive for them to show up, you know. So an example of that is even from a business model perspective, we don't sell per seat. Uh and the reason for that is when you sell per seat uh customers try to optimize by not having too many people show up in the product and if your goal is to bring as many people together as possible like that's counterproductive. Um so we made as as straightforward as possible to have multiple teams show up. Now you know this it can get complicated in some situations you know so especially when you start mixing very technical user with less technical users uh there are things that technical users expect uh that nontechnical users you know will will not use um and so you have to be much more careful what you do there but I think for the most part the same lessons are true >> got it got it um there's I guess another you know a whole set of differences between you when thinking about observability for for typical software applications versus there's this era of defining soft observability in for probabilistic or AI applications >> and and what I mean by that is that you know in data dog my team uses it and you know latency spikes server goes down those there's clear metrics that we look at for to define observability but in AI these failures are a little bit less um you black or white for for lack of better terms. It's about uh quality of the responses, hallucinations, bias. Um and you guys kind of really pushed forth a bit of that. There's there's these metrics, logs, traces. Any any takeaways from what you've seen in the last year of what are those pillars for observability? What could they look like for this for this space? Yeah, I think and by the way I think the uh the way we see it is metrics lock stresses are the same thing you know. So >> um it used to be I like to talk about it like it's the uh um it's the uh uh the particle wave duality you know like it's you can see can you can look at both ways you can capture it as a metric can capture it as an event you stitch events together that's a trace the the whole the whole idea behind that is is the same thing you should have them all in the same place and what matters is having as many data sources as possible and capturing as many of the inputs and outputs everywhere in the system as you can uh and I think that remains true I in in AI systems there's a there's you need to capture the inputs and the outputs it doesn't really matter you know if you end up structuring that as metrics events or traces but you need to have to have all of those captured u one thing I would say is I I disagree with the framing that the uh issues are clear in traditional observability uh mostly they are not like mostly is you know you look at systems that are okay individually but when you put them together they don't work you look at weird degradations uh you look at situations where the the world is fine for 99.9% of users but is it's horrible for.9% of users or you look at you know correctness issues that are sort of hard to detect uh but that really impact the customers or the business um so I think it's already kind of you know u painfully unclear everywhere you know and the and trying to understand what's working and not working is already pretty hard for everyone um I would say this The same is true uh in AI obviously. Uh there's one big difference though which is that you with AI systems u you didn't spend as much time designing as as you were running things. Um so you know you plug the model in I mean of course you do do some work right you know you don't just you know install it on prod and yolo. uh but you know you you didn't spend like three months preconstraining every single use case understanding exactly what comes in what comes out you know um having a spec you probably won't do all that uh for everything that is based on a on a model uh as a result you know you once you ship it in a production or production line environment you you have to time to spend time observing it you have to get to know it um and I think it shifts uh a lot of the the time and the value from the the dev world into the production world. Um, and I think it's very true of applications that are built on models that are, you know, stoastic and unpredictable. And I mean, yes, technically they aren't fully encoded like the model is there. Uh, but, you know, practically you don't actually know uh what it's encoding and uh how it's going to behave. Um, and I think it's also true for uh for code. I mean, we can come back to that later. >> Yeah. whether you actually write the application or run a model that's stoastic or in imperative code if you if you if you had an agent write most of the code like you also are moving a lot of the work uh from pre-prod into product >> yeah I I guess do you see the failure cases in in in I guess traditional observability what do you think are the differences between traditional observability and in this space I guess in with agents and with building applications I I I think about almost the the quality of the output that's coming out from the AI providers is consistently one changing as they're defining you know as they're releasing new models and there's new functionality coming out with um especially tool calling if you're using external tools I mean you also I guess don't control that tools but I don't know maybe there is a parallel if you're calling it the system or service, right? Maybe there's a little bit of that upstream service could have also changed. But do do you think there's any >> class of differences between what needs to be observed here versus in quote unquote traditional observability? >> Yeah, I mean there's definitely new components into that. like there is a uh so you need to like there's a notion of an aval um that was not necessarily there before like before you tended to have a test and you know mostly you didn't have enough test so mostly you didn't really know but when you had test would give you a pass fail you know and and uh you could have a pretty good idea of yeah that thing is behaving as expected or that thing is not behaving as expected um now you know instead of a test you have an eval that's usually not you know quite as black or white uh as the as the test. Um and that's also more more left to interpretation as you know whether or not it's it's evaluating the right thing. Um so I think that part is that part is brand new but but the part where you you're looking at complex systems and they have many components and those components keep changing over time. Um I think it's true uh it remains true. It's getting worse over time, but it's it's always gotten worse. Like it's been uh every year we build more complex systems. So let it be backtrack. I think every year we're getting more productive and uh when we get more productive, it means we spend less time to generate more functionality to do more stuff. As a result, we do not understand what we do nearly as well because we spend less time on it. And as a result, we create more complexity. To me, the complexity is all the stuff that's there that you don't really understand. Um, and you know, if you go back 40 years, you know, 50 years, like, you know, more than that, like when you were doing assembly on on punch cards, uh, you had a pretty good understanding of everything that went on, like you handcoded every single bit of it, uh, literally. Um, and so you you knew exactly you would not very productive, but you knew exactly what was happening. Um and then we've had generation after generation of uh productivity improvements like we've done like higher level languages uh libraries uh open source SAS cloud you know so now you know you call all these things and you have no idea how they work and things just happen and but you just don't know how they work if anything changes on those libraries uh or in the use case or you know anything else around you like it starts breaking and you have to understand why and I think the same is true with AI. Yeah, I I totally buy that. Um, so you brought up evals, which obviously we think about a lot and uh o over at arise. Going back a little bit maybe to your roots of people from different teams working across to to build this shared language of what is happening. Um, I think what we're seeing is so many different groups of people writing evals. There's product folks writing evals. the AI engineer who is actually building and writing evals. Um I guess do you think we'll ever get something like a I don't know like a shared playbook for evals or how um how do you think any advice for people who are writing evals today? >> Yeah. Well, first of all I one is I think it's the single most important part of uh AI functionality development or agent development. Um, and we've seen that like we've had that experience for some time like we we built a few different agents at data dog. We have one that's an AI sorry uh you know that know fixes the issues like a investigates issues so you know exactly what goes on and tells you how to fix it and we've seen like as we were developing that um we were trading water in terms of the quality of the product uh until the moment where we actually got good very good appropriate and reputable AV valves and then from that moment on like the progress has skyrocated on that product and and we've really see it was it was tracking like the before and after and and all of it was the evals and everything new we need to ship for that product the first step is to build you know the rights for that uh now that being said as you pointed out like it's still a little bit of the wild west in terms of you know how you build those um and uh the the market for the for for that also is a little bit tricky like if you think of you know how do you bring about products to a very broad market um because you know can think of it as a like three tiers in the market like there's the uh the the folks that are at the at the forefront of the innovation like the the frontier model developers uh you know the open AIS and Google's and a few others um all of that's completely um homegrown and part of the core value and is always going to be completely homegrown uh then you have the tier two which is all of the other AI native companies um and right now it's it's also largely homegrown and largely homegrown in many different ways. Um and then you have the tier three which is the other companies not AI native. So whether either the older cloud natives or the typical enterprises >> and many of those are not yet at the stage where they they actually need the AAS or um they you know they have to build products that are that are going to be a dependent. So the market is a bit tricky for that for that reason right now. I would say my my forecast or my prediction for that is that the tier one still keeps building their own. >> Yeah. Um but uh everybody below that the tier 2s u even the very top um uh AI native companies and of course the the other the older companies and the larger enterprises uh are going to want to rely on something that's off the shelf largely where there's clarity on what gets built and how it gets built and where there's a lot of pre-built tooling uh that helps you plug and understand your avail completely agree um and I and I think What we're seeing is that having those eval is super helpful not just in development. I mean I mean it's not just helpful in in production but it's super helpful actually as you're in development. So we see folks actually using you know they they center around an eval or a set of evals really and then as they're building and iterating they're testing with those eval when they move into production. Um and I think that's very interesting to talk about because you know when I think about observability or we've thought about observability you know people think about it production first >> hey system is launched applications launched I then go observe it but thinking about that eval I I think the concept of eval here you know is different because you're using those evals as part of building the application and Um I think we see that as just being a first class citizen in development and production. >> Yes, definitely. >> Um awesome. Well, uh this I think is you know these evals. Um maybe actually I'd love to ask since you brought it up um there's bitsai, there's also the AI S sur that you know data dog has rolled out. Um do you how do you all think about eval? Do you think about it at you know the outputs of the model the tools the yeah any any insights from how you all have use evals? >> Uh well so it's the it's it's pretty much everything like we we have it at at the level of the individual steps but also the end to end like how do we how are we doing end to end at uh at you know for a number of cases that we have. So I should say Eval is the most important and the most important part of Eval for us is the data that we use you know for that like assembling the right data set. Um and by the way it's also why I think we're we can do a good job at it where uh it can be hard for others in the space because we we have a lot of data like we we're a SAS business uh we're plugged into the exact workflows uh we're trying to automate and so we we have that that very rich data set. That being said, it's still very hard u to go and uh select and and annotate and clean up all of that data to make sure it's usable for a so it's it's a very big job like as we found out that's the again the most important part of the job. >> Yeah, it's getting the you know human in the loop the feedback to be able to iterate on the evals. Um, and I, you know, I I think one of the things that we at least talk to folks about all the time is that in order to really have the the outcome and the performance that we see in the agents, it's not just the quality of the iteration on the agent prompts, but also the evolution of the evals. And so the evals don't remain static and they grow with you. And I think that that is largely because of that continuous human and loop feedback that that comes back into this. >> Um, And we also keep running all the olds, you know, we want to keep ourselves honest. So, uh >> yeah, >> we we run like we we cohort them. So, we uh we update them on a regular basis. Um but we also keep running the old ones and and we try to make sure we don't you know we don't we don't choose the data that that makes our products look better generally. >> Yeah. Got it. I guess how do you think about using evals? Do do you guys use the eval in development as well as in production? Um what's and who's writing them? >> Uh we use them we use we have both in development in production. Uh we use slightly different things in development and production. And the uh the the the way we make it work is the uh so the teams that build the products uh actually write the events uh but the data sets uh that we use for that are being assembled and annotated by the whole company. So we have companywide pro programs um to make sure we assemble the right data sets because the the way we we we um build those agents like the agents have to use all of the various um parts of data the various products the various data sources and as a result we need to reach to every single team um to to annotate the data and produce the right data. >> That's super super awesome. Um well cool. Well I am gonna slightly shift a little bit to um the other you know probably the market that's booming right now which is coding agents. So everyone you know that I probably talked to right now is using coding agents to write and modify software and data dog has consistently given developers trust in their infra. In this new world what are you seeing? How do you give developers trust in, you know, the code that they're writing when they're using coding agents? Have you seen an uptick in bugs? Have you seen an uptick in uh in people using data dog because they they have no idea what's being uh written by these coding agents? I just I feel like there's there's so much you could probably share about this change happening right now. >> Yeah. So, what we do see is a lot more demand for things that look at the code. >> Okay. Uh so for example you know we we studied a code security product um and there's an exploding demand for u code security >> um and and you know and just to backtrack a little bit I mean as we were discussing earlier um because you you use the agent to to write the code you wrote it a lot faster um yes you suddenly proofed it and read it and uh run it through internal processes before you pushed it to production but you still didn't spend as much time on it and you don't understand as well understand as well as a result you have to spend more time uh in production and be more careful in production about what's actually happening with that code. Um I think the the highest level thing you need to care about is is it is it doing what it's supposed to do for the business? Um, and um, I think we're probably converging into a world where we're going to care a lot more about that in a more formal way than we did before. Like before we we spend so much time in specs and in design that maybe we we built a certain expectation or very detailed expectation of what the impact of the products would be. >> I think as we do less of that, we probably would want to automate that a lot more. And so we probably will have products that do a better job at telling you, hey, that that that code you shipped um it increase the uh I don't know the item and shopping cart or it increase the session length or reduce the the the bounce of the users whatever whatever you're trying to do with your product. Um I think it's going to we're going to be more more deliberate about that. >> Got it. um what h how do you think about what developer productivity really means now? because if they're producing more code uh but then there's also more bugs or more you know more coming back to looking at what is it actually doing that change what the idea of productive how you measure what productive really means >> yeah so first of all I would say developer productivity is a hard question to answer uh I think uh you know usually the way it works is when when when folks are really really productive you you know it when folks are really really unproductive. You know it in the middle it's harder to tell. >> Yeah. >> And and the reason is we keep building new the way software works is you build new things. You don't build the same thing over and over again. So you don't have a pure expectation of how long it's going to take. And there's usually fairly few metrics you can look at that can't be games and that are good proxies for proxies for productivity. I mean there's no cycle time and uh who often new sheep and you know sometimes you have revenue metrics or you have product metrics that you can you can use to uh to to measure. One more practical angle I would say I would have is um as as we look of the at the impact of the coding agents uh and if we trust the the usage by the teams as being a good proxy for productivity improvements you know u I think one thing we can look at is what's the what's the ratio of spend on the humans versus the tooling uh and is that changing over time um I think right now you're probably at 95% people and you know 5% tooling if that maybe even like 973 or 982. Um I think it's going to change. I think uh we're going to spend more on tooling more on agents uh to uh make the humans productive. Uh now I'm not sure what the actual destination is. I'm not sure if we end up with uh 90 90% tooling, 10% humans, or uh or 80% humans, 20% tooling. I don't know. I think both are somewhat likely. Um and I think it's impossible to predict because we just don't know how good the models are going to be >> and how expensive they're going to be to run. I think all of that is changing very very quickly. But I I do think we're going to use more tooling and I I think we'll see that in those metrics. Um you know when you look at the all the literature right now on engineering productivity uh I see them more as a ra test of what the uh what the the people doing the study want to believe. >> You see studies saying you know people have never been this productive then you see other studies say well actually people think they're more productive but they're not. >> Um I think that that I think it's too early to tell. >> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I I do think at the at the very least the that people feel they're probably more productive uh because there's more output of code, but how good and good quality that code is, I think is probably really debatable. Um >> I think my main my concern there is uh not so much how productive you are, but how how dialed in and how um uh present you are when you're working when you're coding. uh because to me that that impacts how you're learning and that's the that's the only thing I'm I worry about when I think about um delegating to an agent is if you stop caring and stop learning I think that's going to end poorly. Um uh so I think that's again the most important and there's no way no good metric to track that. >> Yeah. Got it. Got it. Got it. Um can I can I ask how do you think observability changes with or the observability tooling layer changes? I mean you you're mentioning maybe it's like whatever the ratio is today 955 at best but I think you guys are making bets and agents doing more of this with obviously the AI sur um but if you were to reimagine building data dog in the world of today uh Olivier with uh agent first um would it be kind of a you know would it be a completely different workflow So I don't think the workflow is completely different because I think there's still um the way I see the world is there's a there's an explosion of complexity >> uh and we're by definition permanently behind like our understanding is always behind what's actually happening and uh and as a result uh there always ends up being a certain percent of issues that you will need to get to with humans um because the I mean stuff is too complex. Um I think the the b case for AI is that we can actually start catching up and closing more of the gap as opposed to always falling, you know, further behind. Um and I think that's what we want to do with the the agents and all that sort of stuff. U but I think it's the the end state is probably it's not that it automates everything. Um the end state is that it automates 95% 98% 99% I don't know what you call it. Um but you still have to jump in uh to do the rest and when you have to jump in then you actually still need to care about everything you know so you need to care about okay so which system is talking to what what's happening exactly um and for that you will need some understandable representation of the world you know so when we've been discussing you know a lot like both in the industry and internally do dashboards go away in the world of AI um And I think the answer is they're not the only thing you're going to be using, but they probably don't go away because you understand them like you build an understanding of them. Uh you know what one analogy would be so at work like you you see new PowerPoint uh slide decks all the time and in those slide decks people have build graphs with stuff you know to convey a message and these are usually like very custom like you know you have all these things that are represented and all these assumptions that are part of that and at least when I look at them I usually spend the first like two minutes staring at the at the chart and listening Was it trying to tell me what what is that exactly? What's on X? What's on Y? What's part of it? What's not part of it? What are the assumptions? Um, you don't want to do that all the time, right? You want to stare at things that you understand um immediately. And so I think the pre-built aspect will remain and the pre-ordain like the the part where you know exactly uh what's where and and what action you can take from there I think will remain. But >> um the what AI gives us is it gives us the ability to uh u reduce the number of situations where you need to look at those things and also bring the right ones in front of you all the time like you know instead of you having to figure out okay so where should I look now well actually these are the three things you need to look at now uh and when you ask yourself where should I what can I do next when you have more questions to answer I think you can be way more freeformed in the way you interact and in the way you uh you you get to the next step with the I love that. Um, well, cool. I gonna, um, zoom out a bit into where you think the industry in the future observability is going to go. Um, uh, first is, and I think you're in a unique position to answer this, Livia, where do you think the observability industry is, is going? Do you think it's going to converge under one roof? infra application AI observability or um is there is there kind of a you know the data dog you know everything kind of fits into one layer do you think there's an ecosystem of players um in the space >> so I think it's both I think there's a there's an ecosystem because there are always things that are um specialized don't fit new um and but I think there's a need for a platform that ties all of that together um And again, so you get to the common language, you get to the ability to go laterally from one place the other or you get also to the ability to understand the system as a whole, which is often where a lot of the problems are revealed. Um, so I think it's a it's both at the end of the day and we see that in other markets like you know in there seems to be like dominant platforms for you know tying everything together while there's a vibrant ecosystem of of vendors you know around that. >> Got it. Um, super interesting. Okay. Well, well, maybe last few fun questions. One, what are you most excited about in in the next uh you know, year or two and what your team is working on? >> The ability to automate and actually catch up with complexity. I think that's super exciting. I think uh uh we have to recognize the fact that what what can be done today with computers was science fiction like four years ago. >> Like you talk to a computer and it talks back. Uh that's amazing. um and all of the flexibility it gives us I think is uh is is is amazing. So I'm super excited um when I think of everything we can do there. Now it's a it's actually hard work to make it work for real. Uh you know you know I you know very well like you know making a demo in AI isn't super easy. U but to make it work reliably all the time and have the humans actually trust the output of what you do I think is much much much harder. Um, but for the for the first time, you know, since I I've been in software, I think I think it can happen. I think we can do it. I think we can automate uh most of that work. >> Awesome. Um, and then last one for you. There's I I think on the AI provider, the the LLM provider, kind of the folks building the foundational model side. Um what I I guess um yeah any anything you're excited about in terms of the next set of foundational models coming out? Are you excited about um the you know any new modalities? Um any new skills? Yeah. Any anything you're kind of looking forward to in the next gen of models? >> I mean I'm just excited to see them improve over time. I'm excited, you know, we talked about Avals, you know, I'm excited when we we rerun all of the evals with the the various new models that come out. Um, and when we see a jump or when we see big progress or we see that something that was not quite good enough to ship before is now good enough to ship. Um, that's super exciting. And I think right now we're seeing a really a type that lifts all boats, you know, when it comes to these models. They they still don't do everything and they probably won't do everything. I mean there's some models that that we have to build that are custom like for example we built a time series model um that's fairly different from what the text based or even vision based or all the other multimodal models do um so there's going to be room for that but um the the general rate of progress of of general purposes models is is amazing >> amazing well thank you so much Olivier uh I feel like I've been peppering you with a ton of questions and you've been great at kind of taking us through your journey and and kind of looking towards even to what's ahead. Um uh any last thing you'd like to share before we we wrap the session up? >> No, this this is exciting. I'm excited to see everyone build and the the the one thing I that's I find partly interesting over the I would say the next year or so is that I see many many companies that were trying playing prototyping with AI uh that are going to go into production uh and I think that's super exciting. >> Yeah. Any any advice for AI founders uh from from founder yourself? Uh well, first I would say good luck. Uh and uh it's hard and and I think the reason it's hard is that you when you think of what made us successful at data dog like we've been very very good at um understanding what the real problem was from customers. Um so we spent a lot of time with customers to understand their problems before we built things in general. Um and uh and that's been true throughout the life of the company. Today with AI um you don't have that luxury because the field's moving fast. the customers actually haven't had the problems long enough to fully understand them or articulate them and and you need to build for where they're going with that. So I think as a result building AI products is more speculative um and it's going to be there's going to be a higher failure rate. I think you know when I think of what we built in the product the data dog would probably right 60 70% of the time with everything we've done. Um, and I think as we build uh products for AI use cases, we might be right 30% of the time and we have to be at peace with that. And I think that's the new reality. >> Yeah, I love the entrepreneur humbleness of the, you know, getting it right 60 70% of the time. I think that's high. And and you're probably right that there there's just there's also been just less time with this tool in production live. how many applications and so no taking the bets in what you do next is is hard and it's also hard with just how quickly the models are changing I feel like um >> the the models and the whole stack around them like you know the how do they interact the the virus systems um I think all of that's changing so fast um that it's a it's hard to I mean at least you I think you have to have the humidity of um of think understanding that you you cannot be right for certain. And so the question is how do you know along the way that you're going to be right? How do you validate that? And and uh how do you pivot when you're not right? >> Yeah, I I love that. Well, with that, thank you so much for taking the time to be a part of this, Olivier. Um, and you know, very very exciting to see Data Dog and and kind of the the company itself, you know, kind of evolve and continue to double down on AI. It's uh it's super inspirational. Um, >> thank you
