---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: DDOG
title: "Datadog Is Down 40% — But the Business Is Quietly Inflecting"
channel: "H Invests"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: YADO2SzOTYY
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YADO2SzOTYY
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Datadog Is Down 40% — But the Business Is Quietly Inflecting

**Channel**: H Invests  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YADO2SzOTYY

## Transcript

Hello everybody. So today we're talking about Data Dog. This is a company that in my opinion had a tremendous Q3 in early November and the market thought so too. You can see the share price really having a massive spike after the Q3. It spiked at nearly $200 per share, but has since crashed 40% and currently trades at $120 per share. I want to share in this video and make the argument that I think these shares are pretty good value for money right now and explain a bit about what Data Dog does and why I think the shares are good risk awards at these levels. Not financial advice as always. I think Data Dog is one of those companies where because it's businessto business and because it's enterprise it doesn't get a huge amount of retail following. Even if you compare that to Crowdstrike, a company like Crowdstrike gets a bit of retail following these days. But Data Dog, for a company growing north of 25%, and I'll show you the numbers in a minute, really good sustained revenue growth, and I think quite some AI tailwinds, it doesn't really get the retail coverage that it deserves. Yes, it's a bit boring, and yes, it's not quite as intuitive to understand as some of those consumerf facing companies like Dualingo, SoFi, or HIMS that we also discuss on this channel. Now, without sounding like a geek, it's difficult to explain what Data Dog does in a huge amount of detail. And I know that most people watching this are generalists, but if you imagine an overview, a dashboard overview of an entire company's operations, that basically is what Data Dog does. So, it's an obsility tool. Now, you do get a lot of these tools when you're on a cloud provider, but given the increased complexity of the internet and artificial intelligence, data dog is very necessary in businesses. And we can see that from the increase in demand in order to help a company find out exactly if there's an issue, where it's coming from, and how to resolve it, and also really help them monitor things like usage spend on the cloud. Now, if you think about the internet before, you would just have one central server and you would have a piece of software that was manually updated and you would kind of run the software and you would have your your one server in your office. Right now, we've got lots of different servers and lots of different moving parts. If you think about a company that's AI first in the 21st century, you might hit a query that then goes to their back end which then goes through their database and then calls in their AI model and then basically you know it might need to relate to somewhere else and another AI model or pull some information out from another database and everything comes back to you and you've got your answer. So nowadays it's much more complicated than just input and output. And that is what data dog helps companies to basically see because if there's latency or if something's broken, it's not good. Imagine a company like Uber. If they had one little part of their system that was broken and it was costing them millions and millions of dollars an hour, but they couldn't find out where that was. That's why infrastructure like data dog has become so essential for obsibility and monitoring. Now as we move towards the age of artificial intelligence, I think that that is a massive tailwind for data dog and the numbers think so too. So you can see here data dog's quarterly revenue really really nice. Every quarter it's been increasing and you can see the past couple of quarters there's really been some reaceleration. Yes, that purple line on there is the revenue growth and you can see some really nice acceleration in the growth as well. The past two quarters have been 28% revenue growth and as you know, this is a bit of a favorite on the channel. When we see a company that's adding more revenue over time, so they're growing, but they're also growing at a faster rate. That really signals to me that there's some kind of massive inflection point going on in the company where there's a surge of demand because obviously as you see revenue increase typically you expect to see that growth rate decrease because you know the net new ARR is only going to be so much but here Data Dog are adding um and accelerating their ARR all the time. You can see if we just show the purple a bit clearer that's what we're talking about 28% for the last two quarters. And as I said as well, the market popped on Q3. They like Data Dogs Q3. And I think that this company because it's classed as high growth, high volatility is just been pulled down as the market has shunned a lot of those other high volatility fast growing stocks. Now, Datalog's Q4 revenue outlook in that Q3 was 912 to 916 million. So if we take the midpoint of that, that's 914 million. But good news, data dog on average they provide quite conservative guidance like a lot of companies right and we can see on seeking alpha the earning surprise most of them have been above 3% pretty much all of them apart from Q1 of 2025 so if we take 3% as uh a rough estimate for revenue beat 3% or 914 * 1.03 is 941.4 4 million. Now, the December 2024 figure was 737 million for Q4 of 24. So, that's 27.6% revenue growth. Really, really good. So, if they do stay in line with what they've done with guidance historically, they're going to be up here close to that 28%. So, there is a real reaceleration going on here, as I said, as the company gets larger and larger. Really, really exciting. Now obviously when the Q4 comes it's going to be very important to see that guidance but you can see here over the past few years to keep that growth sustained at 26 27% very very impressive and clearly is a quantitative measure to show that there is increased demand for data dog services in the age of artificial intelligence. Now I will admit the data dog are not the best at visibility or presentation when it comes to their earning deck and that may be another reason why retail investors are not in it. You get some companies that are fantastic at that like SoFi or Roblox comes to mind. Hims does really nice decks. Data dog doesn't really have a really lovely comprehensive shareholder letter. Of course they do have one. Um but the probably one of the best pieces of data we get is this table here and one useful thing we can see here is customers with equal or greater than 100k in ARR. Now if we plot this on fiscal.ai you can see that the growth in these large customers has been the fastest for seven quarters at 16.3%. So we're actually getting reaceleration in the large customer cohort as well. Data dog also have um a consumption based model on these monitoring tools. So as those large customers are scaling with AI that also helps data dog to increase their revenue very quickly. And as I stated earlier in the video, yes, the shares have crashed 40% since this really good Q3. And I'm struggling to find a definitive justification for that. I've seen a lot of companies that are similar to Data Dog in terms of growth rate and size and level of speculation. Although the speculation on this is not astronomically high, it's quite a steady company and they've maintained really good ground. But you'll see here that post this 40% crash, which as I said, I think it's quite undeserving. They now trade at just 11 times forward sales. You can see this line on there. It's 10 times sales and it's only hit 10 times sales a few times. Obviously, pre2022, they were quite egregious valuations, but post that it trades in this range between 10 and 18 times forward sales. And I'd like to think that with revenue reaceleration, it should really trade closer to the top of that range. Particularly because you imagine in 2023, Datalog's revenue growth rate had gone from 62% all the way down to 27%. Causing a lot of uncertainty among shareholders. Is the revenue growth going to be 10% next year? Are they going to be flat? What's going to happen? And now we've actually got almost three whole years of data where they're holding fire at a rough 25 to 27% growth rate. And what's really nice about that is you take 25% in 5 years that would be a triple in revenue. If they can sustain that for 10 years, and of course that's much less certain. That's a 9x in revenue. But if we take the 5-year example, what will happen is if these multiples go nowhere and the revenue continues to grow at 25%. Then obviously the shares will also return 25%. So what we've got is we've got a company reacelerating revenue growth but multiple wise that are at an all-time low. On the bottom line the same thing is true. So this is enterprise value to free cash flow based off the full forward year. Obviously that is coming up when they report results very soon and it's very close to all-time lows. The only time that it really reached lower for that with for a sustained period is in that massive tariff uncertainty crash that we had in April of 2025. So yes, of course, Data Dog as an AI first 25% a year grower should be trading at some premium. Was the market wrong that whole time in terms of the multiples that it was evaluating it? Maybe. But all I'm saying is that now with this evidence, it seems to be that we're seeing an inflection point in the growth rate. So that's very, very exciting for Data Dog. And this was a company where I initially did a video in April of 2025. I was buying at about $100 a share. I since sold that later on at 160. So I missed the jump from the Q3. And now it's come back to a point where I say yes, this valuation is very good. And also my thesis has been confirmed that data dog's revenue growth rate has dipped and now because of those huge AI tailwinds, the complexities that businesses have to face, the increased demand for obsibility, the data dog's going to continue to do really well in this new phase of artificial intelligence business.
