---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: DDOG
title: "Snowflake vs. Datadog: 8 Rules for Finding High-Quality Tech Stocks?"
channel: "Ash Anderson"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: F1C_SKL_do0
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F1C_SKL_do0
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Snowflake vs. Datadog: 8 Rules for Finding High-Quality Tech Stocks?

**Channel**: Ash Anderson  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F1C_SKL_do0

## Transcript

Hey everyone, welcome to the channel. My name is Ash Anderson and today we're going to be talking about Tech Breakdown's eight rules for finding high quality tech stocks. So, anybody that's watched this channel for a long time knows that I love scoring things. I love putting rules around things. I once had the Buffett score. I've had the analyst score. I've had a whole bunch of scores that I've built over time. Uh the tech breakdown score is no different. This one looks for high quality tech stocks. So, not exactly. You're not you're not going to find a Rocket Lab in here. You're not going to find uh those those high-flying 1500% gainers over a couple of months in here. you are going to get the names that we expect bubble to the top. the likes of Nvidia, Google, Microsoft, but also there's 75 other stocks that got this Agrade and those are the names that I like to make sure the portfolio is padded with because if the market were to collapse, the high growth names again like a Rocket Lab, an ESTS, uh a Robin Hood, these these high growth names, those will collapse 30, 40, 50% in probably a few days if not a few weeks. And that can be really scary. So I do like to make sure that my portfolio, my tech portfolio is padded with some high quality names that still have potential as well. And that is your likes of Nvidas, your Googles, your your Microsofts, your Apples, those types of companies. So I use these eight criteria to figure out, okay, what are these highquality names? Let me do a deeper dive. Let me see if it's worth adding to the portfolio. Now the cool thing is is a lot of this I used to do by hand, right? Some of the rules that I've always followed have been quantitative, which means I can use services like uh financial modeling prep, which is an API. If you haven't used it or checked it out, go check it out. It's uh it's relatively inexpensive. A good quality data source for lots of the side projects that I do. Um but that's quantitative. Qualitative was always hard to do because you would have to open up a Microsoft and ask the question and then figure out the answer. But with AI and with AI APIs and LLMs and all this other cool stuff, we can now automate a lot of that qualitative rule discovery and and and rule grading. The thing is is it can be expensive as well. Uh it can be time consuming. It can be often times incorrect. But because this is a score where I'm trying to at least just figure out some direction, figure out what to look at, I've decided to use these LLMs to to run against 500 plus stocks and figure out, hey, qualitatively which of these stocks make sense. And so that's what we're taking a look at today is the eight rules, what they are, and we're going to use them to compare Snowflake and Data Dog, two completely, you know, sass darlings over the last decade or so. We're going to compare Snowflake and Data Dog across these eight rules just to show you how they all pan out and then show you what the grades are for these companies at the end. The first rule I always look for is is a company founder. Uh there's been videos on this channel, has been posts on tech breakdowns over time that have spoken about founder companies and why I, you know, I I prefer them. And it's clear, right, when you when you watch any of these videos, you'll hear me say Rocket Lab and Robin Hood. These are companies that I love, that I've made good gains in, and they are both founderled companies. Founder le tends to lead to outsized performances from what I've seen and also from what uh a study by bane and company uncovered. So founder le is a good alpha finding mechanism. So I do like to check that one first. Snowflake not founder lead fails this score. Data dog is still founderled still founder as it CEO and so that one passes the score. A second rule I look for is is the company the primary competitor the primary company in the market where it competes. To pass this, you just need to be number one, number two, or a very close third in the category. Data Dog is by far number one in observability. There's other companies like Diner Trace that are there as well, but Data Dog is by far the number one choice when it comes to this. New Relic is another one, but still, Data Dog number one, it gets a pass. Snowflake gets a fail here because its bigger competitors are AWS and and Google Cloud. AWS has Redshift, which is the most dominant data aggregator for large enterprises. Uh and then Google has uh Big Query which is second place. Snowflake is massive, right? It has 17% of the market but it is competing against two of the biggest whales in technology and those big whales have bigger products. So we fail it on that score. Rule number three is stockbased compensation discipline. So highquality companies are not diluting their shareholders massively. Uh which is why I look for this right. Um, Snowflake is a massive diluter of investors. For every $1 in revenue Snowflake brings in, 37 cents of that goes to its its employees via stock-based compensation. So, yes, the employees are getting paid, but as an investor, that's not beneficial to to growth in the stock. 37% is just insane for a company of Snowflake size. Obviously over time they're going to get that under control, but for right now this is a fail and it's something that I would avoid because it's scary to see that much going out the door. I should mention that the passing criteria is less than 20%. So 20% is still a massive number. Passing criteria less than 20. Snowflake does not even come close. And Data Dog is a little bit of a hair above that 20%. So it also fails this rule. I think 21 22% of its uh revenues go out as stockbased compensation. still very very high but a lot better than snowflakes. A rule number four is called data gravity. And I've got the scoring criteria here cuz I don't want to mess it up and fumble it. But what what we're looking for is is does the company have a strong data moat. So this is there's a couple of ways of looking at this, but one way I like to look at it is is the way that Peter Teal described it. So Peter Teal, famous uh venture investor, he always looked at it as as like a monopoly test, right? or or a network effects test. He said if if the 1,000th customer added benefits the previous $9.99, right? Does the product get better as you add a new customer? If that 10,000th customer makes the product even better for the other $9.99, that's a pass. And so I've got it broken down. This one is a score. It's from 0 to 10. Um those low scores being no data mode, easily replaceable. So you know this it's not learning from anything. 3 to four is weak. It's mostly a tool, but the data is portable. 5 to six being moderate, some accumulated value, but it's not core to the business. 7 to 8 is data stickiness. 9 to 10 is a strong data mode that very clear network effects. And so, a 10 is is pretty much unheard of. I I keep that for rare occasions, but in this case, we got a a nine for Snowflake. This is their strongest moat. Pabytes of data. The gravity there the gravity right is immense. Um, there's also the Snowflake marketplace which makes it better for all the previous customers. So, if you are a customer of Snowflake and you have, let's say, a very particular set of I'm looking at my bookshelf, right? You've got a a set of data on books that nobody else has, you can put your book data set into the Snowflake marketplace. You can charge money for that. That keeps people it's stickiness in the data, right? Because now that book's data is only available on Snowflake because I provided it. anybody that wants to use it has to be on Snowflake and books is probably a terrible example, but you can get the idea, right? Weather or or commodity prices, all sorts of stuff like that. There's there's data sets for it. And data dog, I give it an 8 out of 10, too, on this data stickiness. While it's not exactly like Snowflake, it does hold the history of every error, every issue, every thing that has gone wrong with an application. And a business relies on that data to make good decisions going forward and to make uh good decisions about how to build, monitor, and maintain a product. So, Data Dog does have some data stickiness there as well, and that gets an eight out of 10, but Snowflake wins this round. So, the next one, this one is just a a low, medium, or high. So, basically a one, two, or three on the scoring scale, which is switching costs. It plays a lot into that last data question as well. But there there are other things that go into switching costs. What we're looking for is, you know, should I decide tomorrow I don't want to use this product, how hard will it be for me to get off that product? For Snowflake, the answer is high. That's because it is tied into many or or a lot of business workflows at companies that it is embedded in. So if you are using Snowflake, you send all your data to it. You have reports, you probably have tools, you have a lot of stuff that is built now around Snowflake and so you don't want to lose access to Snowflake and doing so would be a month's long migration. Right? If you were to go from Snowflake to uh Redshift or to Big Query and you were to port everything over to AWS or to or to Google, that would take many months and lots of months in rebuilding all those reports. So, this gets a high, which is the the the best score you can get. And data dog as well gets a high because uh similar reasons, right? Companies have built all their stuff around data dog. It is monitoring all of their technology. They've built reports, they've built workflows, they've built tools, they've built mechanisms all around data dog as that central uh monitoring and and monitoring tool of the business. And so to rip data dog out, sure you can do it. And I've worked at companies where we have taken data dog out and replaced it with something else. But it is a many monthsl long project. You can't just walk in on a Thursday, rip it out and be on something new even by by Monday, right? It's it's not a weekend project. This is a very longived project for an enterprise. So, data dog also gets a high on switching costs. Rule six is pricing power. So, this is easy for SAS companies because what they publish is uh like a a net retention rate, which is for every dollar I took in this year. If I if I was a Snowflake customer and I pay $1,000 a year to Snowflake, which is, you know, very low, unheard of, but I pay $1,000 a year to Snowflake. Net dollar retention or or net retention rate is the measure of how much I pay them next year. So, if I pay them $1,000 this year and next year I pay them $900, that's not good, right? They're losing 10% for a customer like me. They don't want to be in that position. Now, luckily for Snowflake, they're not. For every $1,000 a customer gives Snowflake this year, they give them $1250 the next year, they have a whopping $125 $125% net dollar retention rate, which is uh a really high number, right? That's $1,000 to $1250. There are companies that are spending $100,000, a million dollar, and they're adding 25% on average year-over-year. That is exceptional pricing power from Snowflake. Data Dog is in a similar boat, although not quite as high. every $1,000 per data dog, it's 115%. So that's 1150 the next year. These numbers will come down over time, of course, because you can't just keep tacking on 25 and 15% to your customers every year and expect to get away with it. But over time, you know, there there's some good compounding there for these businesses. Seven is a fully quantitative rule, but I needed to keep it around. It is uh the rule of 40. So rule of 40 is you take the revenue growth rate. So what is this year's revenue? What is last year's? If you've gone up by 10%, 10%. You take your revenue growth rate and you add to it the the free cash flow margin for both. And you know if your free cash flow margin is 35%, your revenue growth is 10. Cool. 45 you pass. If it's 25% and 10, 35%, you fail. So Snowflake is growing at 29% with an 18% free cash flow margin. That's above 40. Data Dog is growing a little bit slower at 26% but has much fatter free cash flow margins at 29%. So that one also passes but there's no there's no benefit, right? Or there's no there's no benefit to the score from being at at a rule of 40 score of 300 versus 40. It's still a pass fail if you're at 300. If you're at 40, you pass. Then rule eight is R and D research and development efficiency. So there are a couple of ways to go about this, but it is qualitative as I explained. So, I have I'm going to read again from my notes because I have a few rules and this is what I tell the LLM to follow when it's looking through the whole list of companies, right? R&D efficiency. You're going to pass if your revenue growth is higher than your R&D percentage of revenue as a percent of revenue. Uh that means you're very efficient, right? Your revenue growth is growing faster than your spending on research and development. Uh if you have high growth with reasonable R&D spend as well, and that's obviously very fudgy. But if you are growing your revenue at 10% and spending 30% on R&D, not good. If you're spending 30% on R&D and growing at 29%. Sure, that's that's good, right? Maybe there's going to be some downstream effects there. Um, and then a clear product innovation pipeline. So, this one obviously it is an LLM. It's using web search. If there is a clear product innovation pipeline that's outlined somewhere out there, it brings it back. And so, for all these rules as well, I do have the LLM providing like the rationale for the outcome and and you can find that on the tech breakdowns website. there'll be a a data file for any free newsletter subscribers. You get the the latest and why it gave it that particular score in there. But for this rule, Snowflake does fail because it spends 40% of its revenue on R&D. And as we just talked about, right, the the growth is under 30%. 28% as of uh as of the time of recording. So that 28% growth, 40% R&D is really not looking positive. It may at some point, but for now it is unreasonable R&D spending as a percent of revenue. The data dog is still spending a lot as well at 29%, but with the 26% growth, this is really close. They're also coming out with a lot of new products like they've got uh cloud security and LLM observability that have recently been added. So, there are future growth products that are clearly coming from this R&D spending. And it is in line with the revenue growth as well. 26% revenue growth, 29% R&D spend. So, it does get a pass on this one. Yeah. Let's sum it all up, right? Data Dog is an A-rated stock as per these A criteria. That is a company that I would look to do a further deep dive on and probably add to the quality component of my tech portfolio. Uh Snowflake actually gets a D rating and D's aren't all bad, right? There are some D's. I was just looking, right? There's some D's that have gone up a,000 plus percent over the past few months, but one of those that I wouldn't choose to add to the uh quality part of the portfolio. It's one that maybe I would go back and look at like the venture part, the high growth part. I don't think that Snowflake fits that bill either. So, this is a name that I would just push to the side and ignore. You might hold it. That's great. It's no knock on your holding. It just doesn't follow the rules that I've outlined for the Techbreakdown score. But yeah, if you want to see the the whole list of stocks, the whole list of of any stock that's in the technology sector, it is available for free on techbreakdowns.com. You just have to sign up for the newsletter and you'll be able to download it right away. But that that that data, right, it's best to be used from a very high level just to look about and and say, "Hey, I'm interested in buying some high quality tech. What is high quality right now?" Scan that list. Look at those A's and B's. Those are going to be your high quality names. Your D's and your Fs, they stand a chance of returning significant amounts, but they're generally not high quality, which is why they don't pass this score and don't fit in the high quality part of this of of of my tech portfolio. Now I am also working on right now refining the final requirements of that more venture score of that more high growth score and so we'll be taking a look at that in a future video. So if you are interested do subscribe and also love it if you left a comment what you think to these uh different rules different ratings that sort of stuff leave a comment below and let me know. Um but thank you so much for watching. I hope you enjoyed it and I will see you next time. Have a good one.
