---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: RBLX
title: "KreekCraft Reacts to Something is WRONG with David Baszucki"
channel: "KreekCraft Hub"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: 00iOplj2CGs
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=00iOplj2CGs
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# KreekCraft Reacts to Something is WRONG with David Baszucki

**Channel**: KreekCraft Hub  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=00iOplj2CGs

## Transcript

Something is wrong with David Bazooki. What's this? >> Do it with better and better AI models. Would you pick that? >> Yeah. >> So, you're aligning with what we did. High five. >> All right. I also remember 15 years ago. >> What is wrong with you, >> guys? Something is very wrong with David Bazooki. And I think I know what it is. If you don't know who David Bazooki is, >> what is it? >> I got you. In addition to being a Tim Cook doppelganger, he is also the billionaire co-founder and CEO. >> He's got 5.6 billion. Should I have his phone number? Should I text him and ask for some money >> of Roblox? He's also a brilliant public speaker as evidenced by this 2018 >> I'mma do that. Bye. >> Hey, David. I love the new age verification update. I think it's the best update of all time. Can I please have some money? Thank you. Xoxo speech here. >> Roblox is a platform where people do things together in user created 3D spaces. >> So descriptive. Well done. Now that you know who he is, let me tell you what he's done lately. He's been on sort of a media blitz over the last year. He's increasingly defensive and out of touch interviews with every media organization you can imagine. It started here in March when confronted with parents who are worried about their children being on Roblox. He simply said, "My first message is if you're not comfortable, don't let your kids on Roblox." Now, if you saw my previous video on the AI age verification and what it's going to do to communication on Roblox, this line particularly stands out. Ask, >> "If I have kids, I would make them watch my videos over and over and over and over again, so that way I keep making money." >> Describe Roblox in three words. He replies, "The future of communication." If you watched my video, the future of communication apparently is silence. Also, that's four words. >> You stupid. Fast forward to August, >> bro. Think Noodles is going to get kidnapped by Roblox, bro. They they are not going to like this. This is this is this like this is worse than any criticism I've ever given them. Oh my god, he's going to go missing. They're going to take him out. Did another interview where he revealed that Roblox reportedly plans to introduce a dating feature for ID verified users aged 21 and older, allowing them to go on virtual dates that could lead to real life connections. >> DUDE, MICHAEL [laughter] HE'S TALKED ABOUT IT BEFORE at the 2023 RDC and >> chat. Can we get a W for online dating? Hey, I know that guy. I met him in real life. What did I say? I sent some Robux to you and please donate. Thank you, Slime. I appreciate it. Freaked everybody out. Now, two years later, again, with the AI ID verification, 21 and older is actually an age group on that. And we'll get back to that with the most recent podcast interview. I feel like this video should have way more views than it does. 180k is not enough. People really need to see who the CEO of Roblox is and why we need a new one. I'm going to jump through this interview cuz it is Whoa, that's a big one. Chat, do you think Roblox should have a new CEO? I don't know. And I'll tell you why. Even though I have a lot of disagreements with what Roblox is doing lately, getting a new CEO wouldn't necessarily solve the problem because like what if we just get a CEO that doesn't care about Roblox? >> Not me. I would not be a good CEO. Um I I am not qualified to be a CEO. Um, like you could easily get a CEO that has no idea what they're talking about. You know what I mean? Like you could get a CEO that uh just doesn't know anything about Roblox and just ruins the platform. You know, >> 38 minutes long and find the juiciest bits. But I suggest all of you guys watch it. I'll put a link to it in the description. Most of this interview is about child safety and how countries and states are suing and banning Roblox left and right. What the company is actually doing to address those concerns and well apparently it got tense. >> Dizuki, welcome to Heart for >> It is great to be here. Thank you. >> All right. It looks exciting. >> You have joined us today to talk about the new age gating policy that Roblox >> straight into it. Could you appate stream today? >> I I can't, man. Not today. Also, I don't like doing begging streams, you know. Hey, give me give me money. [laughter] And I think we should start by just talking about the the scope of the problem here. What what has led you to this point? And how do you think of the problem of predators on Roblox? >> We think of it um not necessarily just as a problem, but an opportunity as well. >> So, I think this is actually I can't even believe that the interview started there. That was the first quote. I mean, he's been on for about 20 seconds and he's already made one of the worst gaffs I could imagine. And this goes back to what I was saying before with the 21 plus. They've used that as a category with the AI ID verification. And this is what he's saying here. It's like, yeah, well, we know we have them on our platform. We know we have them. Let's separate everyone by ages and then we can >> Okay. So, okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Not not to defend Roblox here, but look, here's here's the problem. So like corporate people, they they kind of lose the ability to talk like normal people. And so like what happens is whenever you have a a a Yeah, I know that that was Yeah, he probably should have said that. Start selling dating on Roblox, we can turn predators into a monetization opportunity. I know he did say that it is a problem. He did say it's a problem. He acknowledged that it is a problem, but also an opportunity to make more money. Dude, out of touch completely missed what they were trying to say here. >> Allow young people to build [sighs] communication. >> Chad, I don't I don't think he's a scam walker. Okay. I I've met him in real life. I don't think he's a skinwalker. >> And hang out together. How do we build the future of communication? >> Yeah. And [clears throat] there that is again the future of communication. You know, we've been I think >> struggling to understand like exactly how many of your users are which ages. Like my my impression from the outside as a non kids who are 10, 11, 12 are on the app. What is what is sort of the most popular age band? I guarantee he's going to say you're going to be surprised. Really interesting. And I think this goes to what we've been saying for a while in that >> um maybe for the last 5 to 10 years, people look at Roblox and say, "Well, these are kind of these primitive games and everyone on the platform is pretty young." Yes, they are. >> We've seen that migrate over the last 5 years from predominantly under 13 >> to now I believe we recently said self-reported almost 2/3. So, right there again, Chad, do y'all think there's a lot of uh older kids and adults on Roblox? I mean, I mean, I think there is. I think there is. There's There are older kids and adults on Roblox. I mean, I'm here, you know, so I that that does that does that does make sense. I I I think there's a lot of kids. I think there's mainly kids, but I think there are a lot of kids like older kids and adults. >> Self-reported. I'll tell you right now, parents tell their kids not to give out any personal information on YouTube. >> That's true. Whenever I was uh 10 years old, I lied about my age all the time. Like there were some uh like uh websites and videos that like you couldn't go on unless you were like uh 18. And okay, that sounds really bad. I don't mean like that. I mean like like Okay, hold on. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I mean like I mean like like Okay, hold on. Wait, stop. Like whenever No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. So, back in the day, in order to watch a video >> job, job job. Yeah, I said it. So, in back in the day, in order to watch a video on like a mature- rated game, like an M-rated game like Call of Duty, you had to have you had to be over 18. Your account had to be over 18. And so, I would make my age like 1920. That's what I meant, chat. That's what I meant. You think that they're going to report their actual age, their actual birthday? My birthday on Roblox isn't even the correct one. And this happens all over the internet. In fact, my biggest demographic here on YouTube is women aged 35. >> Yo, Thank Noodles got the Cougars in the house. He's a stud. This man's a player. Dang. >> To 44. Yeah, >> we can see those numbers. No, thank Noodles, man. It's just Look, all the all the 40-year-old women, they are in love with you, man. Trust me, I know it. I I saw I saw I saw a 40-year-old woman in the mall the other day and I said, "Hey, who's your favorite YouTuber?" And she said, "Thank noodles." I just love his voice, you know, >> growing and growing. Like fastest growing segments on Roblox are 21 and up right now. >> Yeah. And then then and just one more thing with that actually that I just thought of when we see these huge player counts uh and see these games like steal a brain rot and grow a garden uh blowing up as they are a ton of the players are actually bots bot farms uh collecting items getting things like pets and grow a garden or or brain rots and steal a brain rot so that they can go onto eBay and actually sell these things. Wait a minute. You can sell a spaghetti toileti for $150 on eBay. Hey Siri, remind me to sell my spaghetti toileti on eBay in one hour. We're talking about tens or even hundreds of bots under a single user's control. Of course, they're going to put that they're 21 plus. They want access to all of the games. So, these bot farms can actually skew those numbers cuz they're self-reported. >> Fastest growing segments on Roblox are 21 and up right now. >> Or at least people who say they're 21. >> Exactly. >> Now, I think those numbers have a fair amount of current efficacy. We're obviously balancing those with the age estimation because people don't lie. Are you kidding me? >> But just looking at size of the cohorts and the growth rates, there's a fair amount of accuracy to that. >> Chad, do y'all think kids lie about their age on the internet? Yes or no? confident are you that your systems can avoid that kind of >> I think there's we have a lot of opportunity here in that we signals um maybe not as combined are very reliable we also have the opportunity um this isn't just a one time >> I think someone actually like coached him to say opportunity are you're holding a phone in in many cases we can use signals from your phone and the camera to animate your face for example so this isn't kind of a one stop shop thing. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Are you >> possibly checking as we go? If we see weird signals, do another age check. >> Wait. And like, and I don't know what he's hinting at there, but like it makes it seem like he's hinting at if you're playing Roblox on your phone, they might randomly just turn on your camera and take a picture of you to see if I hope not, cuz sometimes I'm playing Roblox butt naked on the toilet. Bro, if I'm playing Roblox on my phone and my camera turns on and I'm butt naked on the toilet, I'm cooked. Oh my god. If you're really you, that sounds a vi like a [laughter] violation of privacy, man. I don't like the idea of kids being surveiled by Roblox on their phones. >> When I read these lawsuits, you're laughing, but I'm not. It does not seem like predators are having that hard of a time getting around the filters. you know, you read the allegations and it's, you know, people kind of, you know, change a few key words, a few letters here and they get them off platform and then what made you so comment I don't want to comment. We do see the chat logs of those and we can see >> interesting and many times ways of people trying to >> is that an opportunity? >> I'd say many times people who are fairly sophisticated I'm not going to say all of them. Many times kids who are over 13 who are actually >> in any other app running in a filtered situation >> unfortunately figuring out how to jump to some other platform where they can communicate unfiltered where they can share images all of it. >> It's one of the primary things we're doing is trying to keep people on our platform. >> Yeah. You know why? [laughter] Cuz the longer they're on your platform, the more money you make. You mentioned sort of kids leaving the platform and it does become >> retire this year. Air gone be the big five like dude I've been watching you since you >> you're banned buddy. >> It's that Roblox is kind of you know where predators go to find it but then they >> I would say in the lawsuit or the press yes I would categorically reject the actual description of what you're saying but yes what you might read in the news would portray it that way. >> That's literally what happened. a problem with predators on the platform. >> I think we're doing an incredible job at innovating relative to the people on our platform and the hours >> channel is about >> in really leaning into the future [clears throat] of how this is going to work. >> So let me ask the question about the other platforms though because I I mean I agree with you that this is not a story about one company like what we see is players will come to a place like Roblox and they try to get a child somewhere else. Discord is a a platform that kind of comes up a lot. Seems to me like you could probably stop a lot of abuse if you prevented those platform shifts from happening. So like what can you do in that regard? Like you know in my mind I don't know what you can do. >> Last year uh activist fund and short seller Hindenburg research came out with a report arguing other things the Roblox was quote compromising child grow. By the way, chat, I don't know if y'all saw this or not, but Minecraft and Discord is adding age verification and age groups. I don't know if y'all saw that. I feel like this is probably a very relevant time to bring that up, but um yeah, I don't know if you guys saw that or not cuz um cuz it Yeah. Yeah. Discord is doing age groups now. They got they got age groups now. And uh also Minecraft has age groups now. So yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah. Investors. >> One of the things they pointed to >> only in the UK right now. >> Right now is uh that there had been a decline in your spending on trust and safety. Um you have denied that. Why? What did they have wrong? >> So fun. Let's keep going down this. And um so first off, Hinderberg's no longer in existence. Correct. So you should report on that. >> Dude, what are you doing? >> They went out of business for who cares. >> Um the other thing is, have you researched that information? [sighs] >> Oh, he's so smug. I want to slap you. >> You're asking me about this. I'm curious if you've done your own research. >> Look at that face. He knows that there are problems here. the smuggness, the what aboutisism, and turning the question back on the interviewers because he can't answer that question and refuses to answer the question. This is not someone you want in charge of a multi-billion dollar company. >> I have I have done some research about >> and what's your take on that? [sighs and gasps] >> I Well, I'm asking you. >> Exactly. >> So, this it's really interesting because >> the um >> I think we're diving into a situation. >> Yeah. where we're getting better better. But would you ask the same situation of someone who converted from maybe hypermanual labor my hand to an assembly line? The assembly line might >> be infinitely better. I know he's talking to not have so many people. Come on, say it. >> I think what they're referring to is moving [clears throat] more and more and more referring to less. >> I knew it. I told you he was going to say AI. So just so I have the the clear response the >> Chad W or L AI >> argument is that the >> his response AI costs less than manual system to a more automated review process that may do a better job even if it you know costs less to operate. I would actually lean in harder. The shift would be >> constantly moving to higher quality, more accurate and more diligent systems. Can we review more? Can we do more better? >> And say, say you and I, we were assisting. What is the best way to review every single image going into Roblox at higher and higher quality? >> More moderators. >> Say we figured out the the best way to do that. Say we did >> do it with better and better AI models. Would you pick that? >> I mean, if it were better. >> So, you're aligning with what we did. High five. >> Oh my god. But I've also been covering. Thank you. Thank you for supporting. Thank you for supporting our Roblox decision matrix. I'm so >> I also remember 15 years ago. >> I'm so glad you guys are aligned with the way we won Roblox, >> right? I also remember 15 years ago when you stealth is this a stealth uh interview where actually you love everything we're doing and you're here to stealthily support it. >> We were told you wanted to come in and talk about your new age gaining technology. So, you know, we thought you scheduled the interview, bro. I totally buy what you're saying about using the the best technology on the market to keep people safe. >> And I want to highlight um I came here because I love your podcast and came to talk about everything. So if our PR people >> chat, should I do an interview with David Bizooki? >> Roblox would never allow that. They'd be like, "No, nope. Nope, nope, no." like lock me in a room with David Bazooki for an hour live, you know. I Roblox would never do that. They'd never do that. Never do that. They never do that. >> Said, "Let's talk about age gating for an hour." I'm for it. >> But I love that I came here to talk about everything. >> Got it. >> Oh, yeah. We're going to talk about steal a brain rot, too. That's That's part of [laughter] But just to finish the thought, let's just Would YOU EVER PUT >> WHOA. THING NOODLES. WHAT YOU GOT TO GET? STILL A BRAIN ROD, BRO. >> JEEZ. >> Prediction market inside. >> Oh yeah. W still a brain rot chat. >> Like let >> this is okay. And this is the crux of everything. >> And uh you know say >> right here this is why he makes the decisions >> or I bet he's not going to dress to impress. >> Yeah, we would I think we would have to do that >> once again. I'll share some of the complexity. >> Every single country in the world. You can't even get legislation around loot boxes and kid gambling. >> Yeah. >> And so we would have to be it's out there and obvious like I I love to be clear a horrible idea. >> Exactly. >> I was just interested. >> W child gambling. Let's go baby. >> You were thinking about it >> and he's like an idea if it can be done in an educational way that's legal. Ah, and the reason he says that because he's talking about prediction markets uh which are basically gambling on the outcome of anything and and in this case they were comparing it to uh outcomes of certain Roblox games. The reason that he supports it and thinks it's a brilliant idea is because that would mean people are betting Robux on certain outcomes. And you know who makes money off of Robux? David Bazooki. Most of his net worth is tied up in Roblox stock. If the stock goes up, so does his bank account. And this is why I think that he is so out of touch, completely blinded by his wealth and sees everything as an opportunity, even predators. As long as he thinks he can figure out a way to make money off of it, I think most of his ideas are absolutely terrible. As someone who's been on Roblox for over a decade now, I almost don't recognize this man. I'm not sure what broke in his brain over the last year, but Roblox needs new leadership. now. And with Roblox stock down over 25% in the past month, I think a lot of people agree with me. That dog I just I just almost peed myself. Oh my god, dude. I just I was not expecting the dog to show up. Oh my god. Oh man. Um, why in the world is the chat saying 10 out of 10 goth baddy or or Latina? What What are y'all even talking about right now? I I I I don't Oh, um um I don't forgot what I was going to say. I was going to say something, but I forgot. I got distracted, dude. I got distracted. I actually got distracted. What was I What was I gonna talk about? Something about Roblox being I I' Um I forgot what I was going to say. I forgot what I was going to say. I guess it doesn't really matter, huh? Um yeah, Roblox is in a uh in a situation, huh? They're in a little bit of a uh of a situation. Oh, that was a that was a crazy
