---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: RBLX
title: "Roblox earnings: CEO talks gaming, AI, and user growth"
channel: "Yahoo Finance"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: F19OFnwMwj4
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F19OFnwMwj4
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Roblox earnings: CEO talks gaming, AI, and user growth

**Channel**: Yahoo Finance  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F19OFnwMwj4

## Transcript

All right, if you are a company doing something software related, it has been a tough week. As I just mentioned, quick moving AI developments out of Google and Anthropic has caused a major reset in software stock valuations. The fear here, the very business models of software companies, both large and small, are under fullon attack. Whether this proves true is anyone's guess. It's not like big software companies are involved in AI. That said, I am finding it refreshing right now when positive fundamental developments at a software company get treated as such. Enter gaming player Roblox. The company beat analyst uh analyst estimates for bookings, users, and on the bottom line for this year, Roblox sees sales up 23% to 29%. Bookings are seen up 22% to 26%. The stock is up on all of this. Good to see it. Roblox founder and co Dave Bazooki is here with me. Dave, also good to see you. Every single analyst note I have seen this morning, Dave, they are all locked in on that big growth you mentioned uh in terms of bookings. Why so optimistic? >> 2025 was a banner year. We're targeting 10% of all of the global gaming content running on Roblox. As you shared, Q4 bookings, 2.2 billion, uh 55% year-on-year bookings growth, our DAUs were up uh 69% yearonear. We're growing around the world. Uh Japan, for example, was up 160% yearonear. One really interesting fact we have taken a lead in online safety and civility with what we call the gold standard for that. And as part of it is we started rolling out age check for everyone on our platform to use communication. As part of this we've found that our age checked 18 and up segment is growing at over 50% yearonear which is a real great signal for future growth. uh going to get into safety a little bit, but you just mentioned that uh what looks to be opportunity with uh older gamers. How do you plan to go after that this year? >> I I want to highlight we've, you know, in in a sense we've reiterated the cultural phenomena of Roblox for the under 18 segment. And what we've also shown time and time again is when we create a platform that are all of our creator community can use to make innovative gameplay, they respond with cultural hits like Dress to Impress last year and recently Grow a Garden and others that have really shown new types of gameplay. We with 50% growth in over 18 and the amazing creator community we have the amazing tooling we expect to see more and more um genre expansion in genres like RPGs and sports games that a lot of the 18 and up segment likes to play and I will highlight those tend to monetize better as well. our our overall mission connect a billion people every day with optimism and civility and create this wonderful technology stack so creators can make great content for all ages. >> Dave, you have to have some thesis on why uh someone, let's say 25 to 35, is finding time. How are they finding time to play games? I get if you're under 18, you're still in school, you can play some games, but how are these older consumers finding time to do this and spend hours doing it? Well, the the good news is they are already finding time. You know, the global gaming market's estimated at about 200 billion every year. The US market's estimated at about 50 billion every year. And already a very big chunk of that US market is 18 and up. So, just like with younger players, the market is really already there. We believe Roblox experiences are very social. They they show innovative types of gameplay. More and more we're going to see them incorporating AI for new types of gameplay as well. So the markets there and we think there's just advantages of the Roblox platform. >> You mentioned the uh the age verification. Uh this is something that has now hit on the platform look like it impacted some metrics uh for Roblox. When will you be beyond that? >> We you know our our team has accepted the challenge of doing two things at the same time. The first is leading the industry with what we call the gold standard and part of that is estimating the age on our platform. we are seeing other companies start to follow. But the other opportunity is uh doing this without friction. And as we've rolled this out in parallel, we've been making really big advances in how we connect people of similar age, how we um run our chat inside of game, how we optimize other things around trusted connections. So, we're we're optimistic that our teams are going to come out of this better than we were before. >> I don't have to tell you this, Dave, but Roblox is always uh under the microscope uh in terms of safety. Do you think you will ever get to a point where this scrutiny just backs off and you will be seen as doing good things and you can just go about operating your business? I I want to highlight both the amazing responsibility it is running a platform like this with so many young people on it, but also the amazing opportunity. You know, every day over 100 million daily active users have great experiences on our platform. And time and time again, really since we've got started, we've led this with innovation. on our platform. Unlike a lot of other platforms, all text is filtered and monitored for critical harms. We do not allow image sharing on our platform. And now with age check, we can connect people of different ages um or the same age in the right and appropriate way. So, I'm I'm optimistic we will continue to show leadership in this area and ultimately be defined as we are now as the gold standard for online safety and civility. Dave, what do you think about some of these concerns that have impacted software companies about how AI is going to eat up all of these players? And we've seen some massive valuation cuts so far to kick off the year. I I'm optimistic that AI is going to accelerate our creator community and allow them to build more innovative, more high quality and a more diverse set of u things on our platform and really define the future of gaming. Uh we we don't see creators being replaced. We see them being accelerated and that can be highlighted in in what we call our devx or the amount that creators have earned on our platform in 2025. creators on Roblox earned over $1.5 billion. We see that number going up. And so because of that, even with all of the AI we're embedding in our platform, we see creators earning more on Roblox as we go forward. >> A lot of the uh a lot of your competitor stocks, a lot of stocks in this space, this gaming space got hit this week, Dave, on uh these this Google Genie roll out and the view that oh, Google's going to take over the whole entire gaming space. Does what Google is doing or isn't doing in the space, does that keep you up at night? >> Um, I think we see this as an incredible opportunity for Roblox as we, you know, we're running over 400 AI models within the company and then AI drives everything on our platform, safety, search and discovery, natural language, um, translation, creation, and more and more it drives in-game experience as well. We think AI is going to expand what creators can do on our platform. It's going to expand the definition of what is gaming and communication and what is content and and interesting things to consume. I I'll highlight at our core, we believe we are a communication and connection platform that brings people together and is a multiplayer technology. Some of the advances we're seeing are are very exciting and important, but they are they are not multiplayer technologies. They are video technologies that are singleplayer type technology. The big work and the big technical stuff is really coordinating thousands of players, keeping them playing together and augmenting that with AI up and down the stack, whether it's for photo realism or NPCs um which are non-player characters or or you know kind of um animated robot characters or helping people create with uh world models for example where you can walk around and describe what you'd like your game to Now, of course, Dave, Roblox is not going to be spending Amazon like capital uh this year, $200 billion to build out God only knows what Amazon is spending it on, but will this year be a significantly higher investment year for Roblox in terms of capex uh in terms of what you did last year and where are you spending the bulk of your money? >> Yeah, we shared on our earnings call our expectations for cash flow and what we're going to be spending. I I'll highlight one thing and that's been uh true from Roblox from the day we started way back a long time ago. We saw how critical running high performance efficient lowcost infrastructure is and building it out ourselves. So Roblox is built on really our own cloud, you know, thousands and tens of thousands and hundreds of thousands literally of CPUs and now GPUs. And by building our own Roblox cloud around the world, this has enabled us to operate at a much more costefficient way than if we were buying all of our capacity from great companies like Amazon or Google or Microsoft. So we we think running an efficient cloud is a big part of our business and we're building our own cloud which is helping keep our costs in an efficient mode. >> Uh always great to chat with you Dave. Uh have a great weekend. Good luck to score. I'll talk to you
