---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: RBLX
title: "Roblox CEO is Delusional"
channel: "penguinz0"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: T-Q6WKewxOA
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T-Q6WKewxOA
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Roblox CEO is Delusional

**Channel**: penguinz0  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T-Q6WKewxOA

## Transcript

Dave Bazooki. You know him as the CEO of Roblox. I know him as a weird urinal cake I can't help but pee on from time to time because everything that he has done as CEO is just so odd. He is the guy that has been fighting tooth and nail making it what seems to be his life's mission to bring dating to Roblox. having a entire section of the Roblox business model carved out for dating. And initially it was supposed to be for 17 plus year olds. Dave, that's underage, which was a lesson he refused to learn. He had to eventually be dragged kicking and screaming into reality that 17-year-olds are minors. And despite everyone on the planet telling him how weird it was that he wanted adult content accessible to 17 plus instead of locking it behind 18 plus, which he was adamant about. He refused to budge an inch on that. He was just lat spreading just saying no until eventually I guess someone was able to break through his noodle up there to, you know, get the message through his thick skull. But everyone has also been saying how weird it is just conceptually to try and add adult content on Roblox to begin with. It is a platform used predominantly by children. Why do you want a dating service element of it? Why do you want adult content to even have a home on Roblox to begin with? Especially considering the reputation of Roblox as like a safe haven for predators at this point where there are just so many issues with the way Roblox handles their predator problem. It's just the recipe for disaster and everything Dave has done as CEO of Roblox is just [ __ ] odd to me and I think he himself is just creepy. I just watched a brand new interview with him that just kind of goes tits up here. He's unhinged. Like he is actually off his gourd in the interview. I can't show you any clips from it. And just to set expectations if you do watch it, which I recommend you do cuz it's fascinating. He's not like blowing a gasket or having a conipion, but he is like combative, defensive, and it seems like very uh upset about the interview. Even though according to this, Roblox was the one that pitched them on interviewing Dave Bazooki about child safety. like they didn't ambush him or anything. Yet during the interview, it seems like he was [ __ ] caught in between a rock and a hard place. He was dear in the headlights for a lot of the questions they were asking. I don't know what he was expecting. Maybe he thought he'd go into the interview and both of them would be on their hands and knees just sucking his dick and fondling his balls, putting a finger in his ass for the G-spot tickling. Like, I don't know why he would be getting so mad when they were even the ones that were pushing for this interview in the first place. It's It's shocking. Let's take a peek at this moment here, which is transcribed. It's from the interview. It's probably the most heated moment from the interview. The interviewer is talking about manual safety verse an automated review process. And Dave Bizooki has a full-blown temper tantrum here. He gets red in the face and then he starts trying to like talk over the interviewer who is trying to give his perspective. So he answers the question initially about like how he'd actually lean in harder. The shift would be constantly moving to higher quality, more accurate, more diligent systems. Can we review more? Can we do better? Uh, and then eventually just says, "Let's say we figure it out and the way to do that is with better and better AI models. Would you pick that?" The interviewer says, "Yeah." And Dave Bazooki says, "Good. So, you're aligning with what we did. High five." The interviewer then tries to give more to his perspective on things, saying, "But I've also been covering social networks." And Dave Bazooki chimes in instantly to try and shut it down by talking over him, saying, "Thank you for supporting our Roblox decision matrix." Again, the interviewer tries to squeak out more thoughts. Dave Bazooki is not having that. He is going to try and absorb all of the [ __ ] air in this room to try and bury the interviewer's topic. He tries again, but I also remember 15 years ago when and here's Dave Bazooki with the [ __ ] sledgehammer from the top turnbuckle. He interrupts. I'm so glad you guys are aligned with the way we run Roblox. High five. This is literally the behavior of a child putting his fingers in his ear going, "La, I can't hear you. I can't hear you." That is what Dave Bazooki is doing here. And once again, the interviewer tries again. Right. I also remember 15 years ago when Mark Zuckerberg was saying, and then Dave Bazooki once again with the [ __ ] RKO, is this a stealth interview where actually you love everything we're doing and you're here to stealthily support it? Watching this segment of the interview was extraordinarily uncomfortable. It was so awkward. It had me kind of squirming in my seat a little bit, listening to this imbecile start to get combative here and try and bully the interviewer into submission to try and like force camaraderie or something. Oh, so like high five. You support us. Hey, stop. Shut the [ __ ] up. High five. You support us. You like stealthily love everything we're doing. Am I right? Fist bump. Put her here. You want me to sign you up for the Roblox dating service? Yeah, I know. All right, I'll give you an account. It's [ __ ] weird. This guy sucks. He is so creepy. And if you want further evidence of that, just look at the way that the interview starts. Dave Bazooki immediately just kind of goes mask off here when asked what he thinks about the problem of predators on Roblox. His response was, "We think of it not necessarily just as a problem, but an opportunity as well. How do we allow young people to build, communicate, and hang out together? How do we build the future of communication at the same time?" You couldn't script a worse answer. When asked about his perspective on the predator problem with his platform, he said he doesn't view it just as a problem, but an opportunity. What? Pardon? Say that again for the people in the back on the bleachers. What did you just say about the predators preying on children on your platform? You view it as an opportunity. What a remarkably stupid thing to say, but maybe he's being very honest. I have always got the impression and many others that Roblox doesn't take the predator problem very seriously. There there has been nothing in Roblox's history that leads me to believe that they do as much as they possibly can to keep children safe on that platform. So maybe this is Dave Bazooki just going full goatsy here and letting us take a peek at the foul insides that he just doesn't really care that much and really it's not just a problem to him but a real opportunity. I think, and this is being very charitable, but I think based on the way he continued in the interview right after that, what he was trying to get at is that he's viewing this as a big conundrum that they're trying to solve of how do you grow all of these tools with the one of the biggest platforms on the planet while also trying to like moderate it. So then he was going into like the state-of-the-art tools they're working on like the age estimation features and the AI moderation tools and stuff like that. So, it seems like he's trying to say like he's viewing it as an opportunity to grow their safety measures. Uh, kind of. I'm kind of making a big generous leap based on how he was saying things. But the way he paints it as like an opportunity is crazy to me because this is a huge issue that has been festering in his platform for many many years with who knows how many countless victims, how many countless children have been prayed upon by predators on his platform and they have just simply not done enough to keep them safe and even at times actively made it harder for those predators to be held accountable. And instead of like recognizing just how big of a problem that is and how bad it's gotten, he instead says that it's not just necessarily a problem, but an opportunity. That is so [ __ ] tonedeaf and just a really weird sentiment to even try and be expressing here when asked that question. And the interviewers do continue to talk about this subject. And it really seems like Dave Bazooki was completely caught off guard with his [ __ ] pants down here. So the the interviewer goes on, yeah, I mean, you mentioned sort of kids leaving the platform and it does become clear in those lawsuits that Roblox is kind of, you know, where predators go to find kids, but then they do try to and Bizooki once again cuts in. Well, I would say in the lawsuit or press, yes, I would categorically reject the actual description of what you're saying, but yes, what you might read in the news would portray it in that way, but I then the interviewer interjects, you don't think you have a problem with predators on the platform? to which Bizooki says, "I think we're doing an incredible job at innovating relative to the number of people on our platform in the hours and really leaning into the future of how this is going to work." Now, I get being the CEO of this multibillion dollar corporation, he can't just go out in there and say, "Yep, tons of pedophiles, predators running rampant on the streets of Roblox. I know it's gotten bad, but don't worry, we're doing our best to put out the fires." I know he can't just say that upfront, but he's just kind of like outright denying the existence of how big this problem is. And if I was a parent of a child who played Roblox and I saw this interview, I am deleting their account the same afternoon. Like, this is a CEO that I have no faith in keeping children safe on the platform from these bad actors that are praying upon them on Roblox. this interview like it is such a disaster. I don't know how he or anyone on the Roblox team thought that this would be a good idea for them if he is this unprepared to handle real questions about a very legitimate problem with his platform. And what's crazy is he is just like comically delusional and creepy and scummy. like not even just in the way he handles the questions about child safety on the platform, but one of the hosts here asked him a joke question about should there be a poly market for kids inside of Roblox, which is clearly inest. Would you ever put a prediction market inside Roblox? Like let kids bet with their Robux and say, "I bet he's going to steal a tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue tongue sahur." I I know I've reached unk status at 31 years old. I have no [ __ ] idea what that means. And then the other host chimes in, or I bet he's not going to dress to impress. And Bizooki upon hearing what is clearly to most sane people a joke of a question actually talks about why he thinks that's a very good idea. We would I think we would have to do that. Once again, I'll share some of the complexity. Every single country in the world has different legislation around loot boxes and kid gambling. And so we would have to be It sounds very fun and obvious like I love that. That is his perspective on kid gambling by the way. It sounds very fun and obvious. And then he the interviewer chimes in saying, "Oh, to be clear, I think this is a horrible idea." And then there's laughter. I was just interested if you were thinking about it. And Bizooki says, "Well, I actually think it's a brilliant idea if it can be done in an educational way that's legal." And so imagine no free Robux, no free prizes, just a game called the dress to impress predictor where it's not like trying to get kids money or anything like that. I would be a big fan of it. And then the interviewer is interesting. Yes, start them young. That's what I always say when it comes to gambling. You're never too young. This slimy worm is unironically actually trying to preach the pros of enabling kid gambling on Roblox. He's trying to say, "Well, no free Robux, no free prizes or anything, but what if it's educational?" Educational gambling, of course, Dave Bazooki. How did I not think about that with educational gambling on Roblox? Absolutely. Yeah, that won't open the door to anything bad. Oh my goodness. Yeah, of course. That makes so much sense, David. He doesn't even try and like spruce it up a little bit, clean it up, tidy up the the rough edges there of like children gambling. He himself literally says the word kid gambling. So he is just fully open like yeah kid gambling like maybe that is a brilliant idea we should consider. Like he's not even trying to like skirt around the loopholes like a you know mystery boxes of Leubu or something like that or or like a Pokemon card product you like TCG boxes or something like he was just saying oh no kid gambling. Yeah. No actually that's a brilliant idea. We'd have to find a way to do it legally of course. I'm sure there's a way, but it could be great education. Wild. Actually wild. I like I said, I highly recommend you check out the actual interview. It is unbelievable that not only did he agree to do this interview, but that it was their idea to do this interview in the first place. He wanted to be interviewed apparently. Unreal. I just had to yab about this once I watched it. That's that's really about it. See you.
