---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: RBLX
title: "Up Over 82% in 2025, Is it too Late to Buy Roblox Stock? | RBLX Stock Analysis"
channel: "Parkev Tatevosian, CFA"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: nPDPQkqocj8
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPDPQkqocj8
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Up Over 82% in 2025, Is it too Late to Buy Roblox Stock? | RBLX Stock Analysis

**Channel**: Parkev Tatevosian, CFA  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPDPQkqocj8

## Transcript

Roblox stock is up over 82% here in 2025. And admittedly, this is a stock I missed out on this year. I rated the stock as a hold. In fact, I downgraded the stock to a hold to start 2025. I had the stock rated as a buy starting around I want to say late 2022 when the shares fell to around $25 a share. and I held it rated as a buy all the way throughout until probably the end of 2024. Then coming into 2025, I felt the valuation was stretched even though I was bullish on the company's prospects longer term. I told investors I felt the stock was a little too expensive at around $70 a share. But this stock kept rising and it's now trading at over $105 a share as of this recording. So, I'm going to visit the company again in this video, update you with the company's latest financial results, and update you with my latest discounted cash flow valuation for Roblox stock. Uh, as a hint, uh, you're going to want to stay tuned, I did increase my intrinsic value per share calculation for Roblox after I increased my free cash flow expectations for this company over the next several years and the longer term. So, I'm going to share all those details with you here and update my recommendation and let you know if I think the stock is a buy, hold, or a sell. I want to thank the Mly Full for sponsoring this video. Visit f.com/parkev for the 10 best stocks to buy now. So, Roblox last updated investors on May 1st, 2025, informing us their revenue increased by 30% to 1 billion and their bookings increased by 31% to 1.21 billion. For Roblox, I believe bookings are more important than revenue, and I'll tell you why. Uh, the company recognizes bookings over a 24-month period. And if you don't already know the Roblox platform, it's free to play. You don't have to spend any money on the platform if you don't want to. But if you want to get some premium items and experience some of the premium experiences, you can spend money on the platform. And when you put money on the platform to buy the digital currency they call Robux, the company doesn't recognize that as revenue right away. They prorrate that over a 24-month period. So, let's say you deposit $20 for your kids on the platform. Roblox will generate revenue on that for 24 months. So, less than $1 per month. And if your kids are anything like my kids, it's not going to take them two years to spend $20 on the platform. Um, my kids, they spend that in less than a week. I try to limit the amount I allow to go on that platform because it vanishes pretty quickly and the latest most popular game on the platform grow a garden is experiencing phenomenal growth. So that's why I say that bookings is more important than revenue because it represents the actual money that's coming into the platform and whether or not it gets spent over a week or a month, it's not going 24 months in most cases. So I believe it's a relatively conservative revenue recognition process for Roblox. So the company also said that their cash flow from operations jumped by 86% to 444 million. Some of that had to do with timing to a payment to a developer. But even without that, their cash flow from operations would have increased by roughly 73% and free cash flow by roughly 108%. So still excellent cash flow growth. And that also brings me to the other point about Roblox and something I really liked about the business model and I've talked about this for over I want to say five years now and it's the risk uh the lower risk business model. So I mentioned Grow a Garden which is the most recent popular game on the Roblox platform and the way Roblox pays for these games is less risky. And what I mean by that is developers, they don't get paid unless their plat their game generates revenue. Roblox doesn't have these game developers in house. So Roblox is not making these games themselves, but they encourage developers game developers to create these games for the Roblox platform. And then if the game becomes popular and generates revenue, then these developers get a percentage of the revenue that these games generate. So the game developers only make money if their games actually generate revenue. I love that business model because developers are incentivized to create content and they make money only if their content is effective. I like that much better than having these game developers inhouse and paying them salaries regardless if they make popular games or not. Right? And you can understand that if you have people, they're not as incentivized if they're going to make their salary regardless if they make a popular game or not. So, this business model I've really liked and I've talked about why I like that business model. It's kind of like the platform business model. I really like with companies like Uber and you know Uber is rated as my best stock to buy right now because the drivers on Uber, they only make money if they're offering rides and Uber is generating revenue, right? I really like that incentivized business model where your workers only make money if they generate revenue for your company. I like what that entails for the company. It lowers the risks. They don't get paid unless they generate revenue for the company. And when the company's revenue falls, they also pay the developers less money because they're making less money. So, the company reports its average daily active users. And it's now at 98 million, which is up 26% year-over-year. Average monthly unique payers were 20 million, which is up 29% year-over-year. And the average bookings per monthly unique player was $20. So if you look at the difference, monthly unique payers at 20 million divided by average daily unique users at 98 million get roughly one out of five in terms of how many players are depositing money on the platform versus how many players are on the platform. Of course, you would get a lower number if this was the average monthly active users, but this is much better than let's say 3 years ago when I was evaluating the company and less than 5% of their uh population, their players were actually depositing money on the platform. So, Roblox over the years has done a good job of increasing the percentage of players that are actually depositing money on the platform. So the first quarter management says was better than the company forecasted. They accelerated topline revenue growth in Q1 and they continue to deliver rates of improvement and margins as both the topline growth and efficiencies continue improving. So their forecasting continued excellent performance for the second quarter and the start of the year was so good that they upgraded their 2025 guidance increasing their revenue forecast up to 5.3 billion and their cash flow from operations forecast to 1.2 billion. So given those excellent results, you can understand why the stock price is up almost 82% year-to date in 2025, accelerating revenue growth, expanding cash flow from operations, a very attractive business model, a massive total addressable market opportunity, a lot of positives going on for Roblox, and all of which were reasons why I really like the company longer term. It's just that coming into 2025, the valuation seemed stretch. So, where does the valuation stand today? I updated my proprietary discounted cash flow valuation model for Roblox stock and I increased my intrinsic value per share calculation by more than $10. I now value this stock at over $50 per share. But the trouble is that the stock is now over $105 per share and it's trading near its 52- week high of $106. So it looks like many stock market investors now have realized the value of this business and in fact exceeded and seems like they're overestimating the value of this business. Now, in late 2022, 2023, and 2024, it seems like there was relatively few investors that recognize the attractiveness of this business, but it's now better known and the valuation reflects that investor optimism. Now, I also like to look at valuation on a forward price to earnings or forward price to free cash flow basis, depending on the business. I deem the more important valuation metric to use for Roblox. The more important valuation metric to use is the more informative I should say valuation metric to use is the forward free price to free cash flow because of that conservative revenue recognition model. The company's earnings per share I believe are under reportported to investors. So the free cash flow is a more informative metric to consider. But even looking at the free cash flow forward, the valuation is absolutely extreme here. Look how it's soared. And especially since April of 2025, it's now trading at a price to free cash flow of 121. The most expensive this business has been. By the way, I'm getting this data from fiscal.ai, my preferred data source. There's a link in the description for their services. So, Roblox stock looks expensive whether I look at the uh price multiple or whether I look at my proprietary DCF model. And so, while I'm still very optimistic about this company's long-term prospects, and I really like the business model, I think at the current valuation, it seems too expensive to jump in here. So, I'm keeping this stock rated as a hold. Hey everyone. So many of you have been asking about my investing strategy, and I'm excited to announce that I've written a book that's available for sale now that describes my six-step invest in investing framework for evaluating stocks. I've added the link in the description below.
