---
ticker: DUOL
type: youtube
title: "Duolingo Stock Analysis! 10X or Hype?"
channel: "The Patient Investor"
date: 2025-12-16
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CKjTkB9FQs
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 8263
---

# Duolingo Stock Analysis! 10X or Hype?

## 视频信息
- **频道**: The Patient Investor
- **日期**: 2026-04-02
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CKjTkB9FQs

## 转录全文

Many of you have enjoyed my latest Dolingo analysis video and you asked me to do another one. The stock is down 60% over the last 6 months. It's really, really bad. And there's one main narrative that has been living with the stock since 2023. And it's the whole thing about Dualingo having no mo having no competitive advantage. Google is going to take over Dualingo. And Google has been taking over Dolingo since 2023 from this article that I found which was very very funny. And people back then they were saying that Dolingo was not a great investment and the stock has no mode competitive advantage. And on this news Dolingo fell to $151 per share just like it's been going down recently. But that was two years ago. Now if you look at what happened from two years ago till today, Dolingo has grown their paid subscribers from 4.8 million in 2023 to 11 and a half million paid subscribers over the almost a triple in paid subscribers. If you look at their free cash flow growth from 150 million in 2023 to $350 million in free cash flow, almost double over the last two years since people believed that Google was supposedly taking on Dualingo. We take the look at their net profit margin. They were saying the company was not too profitable. Their net margin went from 3% to 40% over the last two years. So all those things that you're hearing right now about Dualingo dying, the company has no mode, no competitive advantage. This has been happening guys since 2023. Yet the company is still here and it's here for one main reason. And it's a weird reason that I like to talk about and this is the fact that Dualingo is more of a game than a learning app. And I know that sounds funny, but some people they don't like to learn the traditional way. They don't like to sit in a classroom, listen to a teacher, do all these things. They like to learn in a fun way by taking on challenges and competing with their friends which is something that you can do on Dualingo. You cannot do on Google. You cannot do it on chat GPT but you can compete with your friends and have different scores than your friends on Dualingo and play a certain game and people find it fun and they also learn while they are having fun. Not everyone learns this way, but some people they only learn by having a little bit of fun or some kind of a game when they can learn something and have fun at the same time. And this is why Dolingo has remained here over the last two years despite Google supposedly killing Dolingo and and all these kind of companies, Apple and all of them, they were killing Dolingo. But Dolingo is still here for the fact that it's actually a game more than a learning app. And some people they only learn through uh having a game which is really funny but this is the truth of why Dolingo is still here. Now the main problem with Dualingo is if you look at their monthly active users they jump from 88 million to 135 million. Now this is really amazing. This is over 135 million people that use Dualingo every single months. But if we look at the daily active users, it jumps from 135 million per month to only 50 million per day. This is less than 50 or 60% of total monthly active users that actually use the app every single day. Now, if we look at the total of those 50 million that are actually subscribers of Dualingo, where they pay Dolingo for the subscription, it's only about 11.5 million. This is a big problem. From 135 that use it every months to 50 million that use it every day to only 11 and a half million that are actually paying for Dolingo. And this is why over the long term, Dualingo will eventually hit a gross wall where they're reaching hundreds of millions, maybe a billion people on their total monthly active users, but they can only convert so much of the monthly active users to the daily active users to the paid subscribers, which is really uh eventually they're going to hit some kind of a growth wall because again, not everyone can learn from a learning app and some people get bored and they never continue. They lose motivation. uh it's not the same as learning the traditional way and some people give up and that's why you have such a wide divergence between paid subscribers and daily active people and monthly active people and by the way I'm using fiscal.ai AI to come up with those charts. If you want to try it out, they give you two weeks of free access if you use my link down in the description. But based on the latest report, Dual Lingo had an amazing report. They grew revenues 41% total bookings 33% adjusted that was 29 and a half% margin. So everything was really really good with Dualingo. It improved a lot, but the stock went down like 22%. And everyone on X was confused on why Dualingo was going down. And that's why my video was popular because I actually addressed the reason and the main reason for Dualingo going down so much is the flattish quarteronquarter revenue growth. So their guide for the fourth quarter is pretty much flat on revenue growth from Q3 to Q4. And this is a massive deceleration from the traditional Dualingo that everyone is used for where the company is growing 15 20% quarteron quarter and they've been doing it since 2023. But that really causes a lot of investors to potentially believe that Dolingo might have hit the gross wall that I just talked about where they have reached enough people. There's way too many competitors. Google is doing it. Apple is doing it with their earphones and Dolingo is not going to be able to grow from here. Now Dolingo is diversifying. They have the chess course which is reaching a lot of people and they want to enter the education space in general other than just languages. But this is a major major concerns that I talked about and they could potentially be hitting the gross wall. Although I believe they're still early because they are reaching about 135 million people per months. But people that want to learn something this is over a billion maybe billion and a half if I had to take a guess. So that's really huge. We have over 8 billion people around the world. So it's hard for me to believe that 135 million is a gross ball. I really find it very hard to believe which is why I'm saying that I don't believe it is but if that situation continues into Q4 to Q1 and Q1 to Q2 then maybe this is what's actually happening and maybe we have to reconsider the thesis around Dolingo. Now if we look at Dolingo's valuation it was trading at 160 times earnings now trading at 50 times earnings. This is GAAP earnings by the way. Non-GAAP's about 27 or 26 times, but GAP earnings is about 50 times, which might sound expensive, but I believe we should be looking at a price to sales ratio for Dualingo as the company is not too focused on being profitable, but they are more focused on growing as they are still in their early stage of the cycle. And Dualingo went from 22 times price to sales ratio to about seven times. 22 times was a bubble. I even talked about it myself, but seven times for me personally is very compelling for a company that was growing revenues 37 39 40%. A deceleration is expected to 22 20% revenue growth. But if they're growing 20% in revenues with such high net income margins of over 40% net income margin and if they're growing that much, I think seven times sales is really not expensive at all for Dualingo. So my thesis on Dualingo is that the stock is undervalued here, much better valued than what it was a few months ago at 20 or 22 times sales, which was absolutely crazy. But I still believe there's some risks in terms of the quarterly flattish revenue growth. And this is something that we have to monitor. Maybe it's a one-off and it's not going to repeat itself. But if it does repeat itself sequentially for the next two to three quarters, then this is maybe an alarm and this is a signal that you should pay attention to and reconsider the position. And for me, I don't believe this is a growth wall, but it could well be. And sometimes it's hard to know those things ahead of time. But that's just my opinion on Dualingo. It was not financial advice. Hope you enjoyed it. If you did enjoy it, please press the like button and maybe consider subscribing. So, I'll talk to you in another
