---
ticker: DUOL
type: youtube
title: "View From The Top with Luis Von Ahn, Cofounder and CEO of Duolingo"
channel: "Stanford Graduate School of Business"
date: 2025-05-09
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgmOAqrDzus
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 50608
---

# View From The Top with Luis Von Ahn, Cofounder and CEO of Duolingo

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Stanford Graduate School of Business
- **日期**: 2026-04-02
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgmOAqrDzus

## 转录全文

[Music] Welcome to Stanford, Luis. Thank you for having me. We're so excited to have you here for the last View from the top. Some of my executive team is just sitting there. Okay. Well, we're excited to have them all here, too. Um, we're so excited to have you here for the last View from the top of the year. And it's a small world because Dualingo CFO, who's also here in the audience today, used to sit in my chair as a former view from the top interviewer. He's right there. He's right there. Lou, we have a lot that we want to get through, but before we go any further, do you mind providing a verification code for us? Oh man. Can I tell you that it's really really annoying when I fail them? Okay, then we'll let you slip by with this one and we won't make you do it just in case. Louise, it feels like from the start you were wired to be curious. You taught yourself to code at the age of eight and by 13 you knew you want to be a professor of computer science. What drew you in so early and how did your environment shape that? Um, well, I learned how to code because of necessity. Um, I was eight years old and I wanted a Nintendo and my mother bought me a computer instead and so I had to figure out how to use it. At the time it was a lot, this is like the 80s, so the computers were a lot harder to use. So, I had to figure out how to use it. And then, um, I at some point realized that you could actually get games for the computer, but those cost money. Um, and my mom wouldn't get me games for it. So then I had to figure out how to make my own very uh crappy games. That's that's why I learned how to code. Uh, and then um that just made me kind of a computer nerd. Um, and then at some point for some reason I decided I wanted to become a professor. Um, and um, yeah, that's what I wanted to do throughout high school and when I went to college and then I became a professor. Uh, and it turned out I did not like being a professor, but uh, that's what I wanted to be in my life. Well, I want to touch on that cuz you're right. You became a professor at Carnegie Melon, but you tinkered a little bit. But you were tinkering on the side. Capta, recapture, the ASP game. So tell us about that. When did you realize you didn't just want to study those problems, you want to be out there solving them? Um I mean that was when I was a grad student. I mean usually you go to get a PhD about half the people who get a PhD in computer science become professors. So I I I wanted to become a professor. When I was a grad student I I was building things. I that's what I wanted to do. I I got a lot more um I got a lot of a lot more reward internally from building things than from writing papers. And that over time that's when I realized the job of a professor usually is to write papers and I'm not getting as much reward from that. Yeah. And part of those early papers that you were studying and your thesis was this whole idea of human computation and you had this interesting insight that game could gamification could be a tool for scaling. What made you at that time believe that play not pay could be an unlock for solving some of these real problems? Yeah, the idea with that what that was very early, this is before the word crowd sourcing was invented. Um, at the time they were I I had I saw a talk by uh somebody I don't remember who it was that was uh talking about how computers um were not as good as humans as solving crossword puzzles. Uh this is like the year 2002 or something and it was like a an ongoing research problem to solve crossword puzzles with a computer. That's funny because now there's like they're way better than we are. Um but at the time that was that was the um the problem that people were trying to solve and I didn't know how to solve that problem. I mean that person was significantly smarter than I was. But then I took a flight right after uh and in my flight I just turned around and everybody in the row was solving a cross word puzzle and I thought to myself, why do we need to get computers to do it when people are just doing it here for free? Uh probably different than what people are doing now on planes. Yeah. So, so then that's when it occurred to me that maybe there's all kinds of things that computers could not solve that we could get people to solve by just turning them into a game. And so I started doing that. I started making games. This was again 2003 to 2004. I started making games that could get people to solve problems that computers could not solve. So for example, again another problem that back then was unsolvable by computers. Giving it an image and uh telling it asking the computer what what's in the image. That was a very difficult problem for computers in 2004. Um, but what I did is I made a game that was played by actually millions of people where the game was just here's how it worked. Um, you went to this website and you got randomly paired with another person. Uh, just completely random. Uh, and you knew that you were paired with another person. You knew nothing about them and you were the only thing you knew is that you could both see the same image and now you're told type whatever the other person's typing and then when you both type the same word, you got points. That was a game. Uh, it turned out this got played by millions of people. But what was amazing was that the words that people were typing to try to win the game were actually good descriptions of the image. So we used it to collect a lot of descriptions for images that were then used to train computers to do it. That was the idea. It's basically tricking people into giving us data and what eventually happened with that game that you created. That game that game actually got sold to Google and it was then renamed. Uh I called it the ESP game because it was an extra sensory perception. I thought that was a good name. Then Google bought it and they called it the amazing name of the Google image labeler. Much less fun. But yes, it actually helped uh with all kinds of things with im image search. Well, Luis, this is just one of the various creations you had at that time. And eventually you also had tenure at Carnegie Melon. You were pretty set, a lot of us would say. So why were you so hungry to build something new with Dualingo? Um a couple of reasons. I I I really wanted to do something related to education. That was that I've always education. The other thing is uh I had a PhD student named Severin who needed a PhD thesis and so we started coming up with things that he was going to work on and that we were going to work on together. Um and then we quickly realized a few things. We realized that we both liked education good. Uh we then uh then I told him if we're going to do something related to education, I want it to be accessible to everyone. uh because I grew up in Guatemala and in particular in poor countries you really see the difference between those who get an education and those who don't. So I wanted to be accessible to everyone. Then we started thinking um well what should we teach and we agreed on teaching um languages in particular because of teaching English. Actually at first we wanted to teach math um because we're both math nerds. Uh but then we realized that teaching languages was was better in particular because of teaching English. So we agreed we're going to do a thing that teaches English for free over the internet. That's what we agreed on. And then we thought may as well teach other languages if we're going to teach English. And so that that's kind of where we went. But really we were looking for a PhD thesis topic for him. That's what we were doing. Well, I think we're glad that PhD thesis became a lot more for that. He did. He finished his PhD thesis after we started Duallingingo. Um he he he told himself that he was going to this is this is much later um that he was going to finish it by writing every Sunday for a year and that's what he did. Every Sunday for a year he wrote his PhD thesis and then he finished it. I did not think he was going to finish it. Well, what's so great about all this is you had a partner in crime and a shared mission for this. A lot of people here at the GSB at some point would love to find a co-founder the way you did. So, what advice do you have for us for building that kind of partnership that lasts as long as yours has? Become a professor at Carnegie Melon and find a Swiss student. I mean, I don't know. I mean, I think the you know, we were uh you know, we're friends. That's that that matters. But I think that's that matters, but that's probably not what matters the most. Um, I think what matters the most is that you have a you have compatible ways of working and that you respect the other person and that you you really deep down know that they're going to treat you fairly. Um, one of the ways in which I knew he was going to treat me fairly was very early on, this is before anything had started. Now, bear in mind, I was a professor and he was a student. I was his supervisor. We were going to start a company together. Um and he came in with a piece of paper that he wrote by hand that said um it's called something like our our agreement. Uh and it was not illegal anything. He just wrote it by hand and it just had bullet points like first bullet point. It's like we are going to uh share all decisions on hiring. We are going to share all decisions on firing. we're going. He had just like five bullet points and then he said sign and I signed it and I thought that was that was actually quite good. It was made it clear. Well, I think that kind of transparency and the trust that you guys were able to build so early on was probably really critical at the start cuz Duolingo was trying to change the status quo a little bit. At that time there was already Rosetta Stone that cost hundreds of dollars. It was. But you guys wanted to make language learning 100% free. Mhm. So, how did you convince those early investors you could be a billion-dollar company? O um our first investor was this um New York investor um uh Union Square Ventures, which was Fred Wilson at the time. Um and it was uh when we pitched it, they they very quickly uh gave us the the money. But um later we found out that they actually did not believe we were going to do anything related to education because they knew that education was actually a bad business. They were just investing because I had sold my previous company to Google. So they were hoping that I would do something that would make money. But they they later told me they did not think Dualingo was going to be a good business. Well, they were wrong. They were wrong, and I'm happy about that. We stuck with it. But really, the the the main belief at the time was that education was not a good thing to invest on. Uh and and I can understand why it there's a lot of reasons why it's not a good thing to invest on. So, that's why uh they didn't believe in us. Um but then we we launched and then um it's just started growing a lot. It started become an app, becoming an app with a lot of users. And that's our second investor. By the time they invested, we already had I don't remember, but probably about a million active users. So, we already had a bunch of users. Um, and so that that one was more cred. We were more credible. Well, you've taken that million to now over 46 million daily active users. Daily? Yeah. You guys are worth over 14 billion. And you have You got to check the stock price. I do need to check the stock price. That's the latest numbers that I have, but I might be wrong, Louise. And you guys have 10 million people, I believe, that come back to your app every single day for at least a year straight. Yeah. What have you learned about human motivation that sometimes traditional educators miss? People don't read. That's probably the biggest thing. Uh like really people don't read. You would think people want to read, they don't. Um uh short attention spans. So our lessons have gone gotten shorter and shorter over time. They're about 2 minutes long each. Uh people love filling progress bars. If you see a progress bar that is 75% full, you will continue to fill it like whatever it is. Um um competition and cooperation. We have that both in in the app. So we have competition. We have these leaderboards. Um I've learned about leaderboards. By the way, leaderboards were this really interesting thing. I've learned about leaderboards that leaderboards with your friends are really not very good. Um we first thought that we should have a leaderboard with your friends. They're not good. Depend maybe for other stuff, but for us it's just rare that your friends are equally committed as you are. Uh it is much better to have a leaderboard with strangers that are equally committed as you are. Sure. Um so we learned that. Um animation like just beautiful animation. The app really helps in moves metrics. Um, and then the other thing is, um, our notifications, uh, are very quirky and they, um, we've spent a lot of effort on making them quirky and they really do get people to come back. I think we I think people give us um, a little bit of license to be weirder with them because people think people think, oh, this is actually for my own good because Duolingo is actually teaching them something. So, I think if we were if we were a company just trying to sell like vaping or something, uh, our notifications, we couldn't use the notification we use, but for education, we can. Yeah. I don't know if we want the owl vaping. Um, it'd be funny, but no, not going to do it. We'll definitely talk about your marketing because that is a whole part of Duolingo. So, don't worry, Lu, we'll we'll get there. But one thing that's interesting is you guys started off obviously as a free app and as time has gone on you've added on more premium features. So how do you decide what stays free and what gets monetized? Um it over time the decision has that what goes into the decision has changed quite a bit. Um at first we were just free. There was no way to make money on Dualingo. I mean we were just it was there were no ads and there was no way to pay us. We were just we we made the joke that we were not a nonprofit. We just didn't have profit. Um this is before we hired Matt, our CFO over here. He wouldn't have liked that. Um so we at first we didn't make any money. Uh in 2016 um one of our investors at that time um we got an investment and Dualingo was valued. We had zero revenue, absolutely zero. And we got a valuation of something like half a billion dollars. Um, and that investor uh showed up, flew, this is an investor based in uh San Francisco. Flew to Pittsburgh where we're based in uh Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, just to tell me that we needed to make money. This is after she closed the investment. She she went there. She knew this was not going to be that easy. So, she took me to a bar, got me drunk, and then said, "You you have to make money." Um, so we started trying to figure out how to make money. And it was this amazing thing. Um, I had never seen anything like this. Nobody in the company wanted to make money. We had hired a bunch of people who were like communists or something. Um, no, nobody wanted to make money because because everybody who came to work for Dualingo came for the mission. They were like, "Okay, it's about free education." So, when I stood in front of the whole company, which at the time is not that big, it was maybe 100 to 150 people. Uh, and I said to everyone that we needed to make money, nobody wanted to do it. Um, and people started asking questions like why? Um, and then I my answer was, well, how do you think how do you think I'm going to pay your salary? And then they rightly would say, I don't know, but you've been paying our salary. So, uh, so anyways, eventually it took 6 months for people to be okay with making money. Um, and uh, what we came up with was was this premium model where the idea is that you can learn as much as you want for free without ever having to pay us. But if you don't pay us, you have to see an ad um, at the end of a lesson. And uh, if you want to get rid of the ads, you can pay us. Sure. So, we came up with this model. One thing that I like about the model, by the way, is that it's it's it's a small form of wealth redistribution because what ends up happening is that, remember, we're communists. Um what ends up happening is that the people who pay are usually the the wealthier people. Um they usually are from wealthier countries. They have a stable job and uh the people who don't pay are usually from poorer countries. So they may not have a stable job. And so what I like is basically the rich people are paying for the education for everyone. So I like that. Um uh and and then what goes into the the features? We just AB test a lot into what goes into into the subscription and what what doesn't. Um, my sense is that the users would like everything to be free, the investors would like everything to be paid, and our employees would like everything to be free, but also be millionaires. So, you have to manage all of that. Correct me if I'm wrong, Matt. No. Yes. Well, you're not just stopping with the app in the language world. You guys are going into other spaces. You launched the Dualingo English test to take on legacy giants like TOEFL, which actually many people in this room have taken. The TOEFL or the Dualingo English test? Hopefully Dualingo English test too. And with that, you're redefining language proficiency. Can you tell us what that means and what it takes to basically build a new universal standard? Yeah. Um, so we have this test called the Dualingo English test. The idea is to compete with the TOEFL and the IELTS and uh these uh you know standard English proficiency test. The the reason we started it was actually because uh well two reasons actually but one of them was that um our own users were sending us emails saying hey thank you for teaching me English but now I need I need a certificate that says that I can speak English because I need to apply for a job or whatever. Can you give me a certificate? And we looked into this and what we found was this crazy market where billions of dollars are spent every year by people who have to take a a standardized test. Uh but what was crazy, this was the year 2014. What was crazy at the time was that uh these tests had to be taken in a in a testing center. And we thought that we could do better by having people take the tests online. At the time, people thought we were crazy that, you know, you could take a test online. It turns out you can take tests online. It's not that hard. Um, but we made a test that was online and we started trying to compete with the TOEFL. Um, the TOEFL, the people at the TOEFL laughed at us at first because they're like, "What are you trying to do?" Um, it turned out that it was actually quite hard to get universities to accept our results. But, um, but we were lucky that we got the first university that accepted our results was Yale undergraduate admissions. So we were very lucky that one of the most prestigious universities in the world accepted that and from then on it just kind of for the next several years um spread by now 98 of the top 100 universities according to US News and World Report in the US accept the results. So we're very happy with that. Uh and we this year we expect to surpass the TOEFL in volume. So we're very happy with that. It's also cheaper. Yeah, I'm sure a lot of and you can take it from home and you don't have to travel. Uh but what I'm really excited about is that now we have the score which is the score for the dual English test which is from 0 to 160. I want this to become this the proficiency standard for English. We just put the score in the app. So if you use the app for not for every language for a lot of the languages you get this this score right next to it. Um what we want particularly for English is that this is how people refer to how good their English is. So rather than saying I'm intermediate, uh we want people to say I I am a dualingo 65. And if we were are able to get there, we're not there yet, but if we're able to get there, uh I think that's a very defensible position. Yeah, that's incredible. And you guys are expanding beyond languages, too. You said that you guys wanted to start with math, but you ended up going with languages. But now I can learn math. We've added math and music. Yes. And most recently chess to the app. It is in fact rolling out today. So, some fraction of you, if you have an iPhone, can now learn chess. That fraction at the moment is very small, like 1% of you can learn chess, but over the next week or so, uh, we'll grow to 100%. But why those? What makes a skill or subject the right fit for Dualingo's learning approach? Yeah, it's a really good question. We debate a lot about what what um what subjects to teach. There's a few things that we need them to do. First of all, we want very large demand. So, like hundreds of millions of people need to be able to learn it. There's a reason for that. Um, we're an app. Uh, we can't really charge you $20,000. We can't do that. We The most we can charge is like 20 bucks. Yeah. Uh, so in order for this to be a good business, for a new subject to be a good business, because we can only charge you 20 bucks, and we're also premium, so not everyone pays, it has to really have this very large demand. So most things don't have that large demand. For example, even coding, there's only about 20 million people in the world that are either want to learn coding or are learning coding. That's just not a very large number. If you actually start whittling it down, 20 million people in the world. How many are we going to capture? Let's say 10%. That's 2 million people. Uh how many of those are going to pay? Well, actually 10% of those pay us. So that's only 200,000 people that will pay us. So that's not a very good business for us. So this is why we're looking for things that have hundreds of millions of people or billions of people. So that's one thing. Another one is we want it to be good for the world. So, we're not So, turns out a lot of people want to learn like Pokemon cards. Um, we're not going to do that. Um, so we wanted to be good for the world. We wanted to be uh hundreds of millions of people and we wanted to be the case that we can do a good job with a mobile app. Um, so you can't really teach everything with a mobile app that well, but um so so those are those are some of the things. The last thing which is more about the team, we need somebody or a small group of people inside the company to be excited about this to actually go work for it and work on it. So that's those are the things that that end up happening. And I think I've heard you say that a big enabler of you expanding these other areas has been AI. It has. And it's been so exciting watching the company lean into that new era with your product strategy. We are going even further. Just last week, Duolingo made big news when you released an email that you send to all of your employees. Yeah. About AI's new role in the company and its day-to-day operations, more specifically, including things like moving away from contractors, limiting new team headcount in favor of automation. Can you tell us about that vision and what you think AI will enable Dualingo to do now that even you couldn't have imagined a few years ago? I mean, it's already okay. AI completely transformative at least for our business. Um in particular for language learning I mean it's AI the big advance in AI over the last couple years is large language models. The middle L is language. Uh we are a language learning company majorly. So that has a big impact. There were things that I did not think were going to be possible for at least another 10 years. For example, we've always wanted to uh get people to practice conversation uh on Dualingo. Before, you know, two year more than two years ago, you could not practice conversation on Dualingo. And the only way in which we had to get you to practice conversation was to pair you with another human. I never wanted to do that. Um we tried it. We tried it a few times. And the re the reality is most people don't want to talk to another human in a language that they are not comfortable with. They may tell you they want to. In fact, everybody tells you they want to, but they are lying. they do not want to I mean if because we put it in the product we would tell people you here you can use it very few people used it it's it's like the 5% of extreme extroverts use it and then nobody else used it so we we always knew that we wanted to have something that was not humans um and uh but we couldn't do it with you know the technology was just not there to practice actual conversation but now with large language models you can actually practice conversation we're very excited about that the other place we're very excited about is education needs content. That's what people are going to learn. It turns out we can generate content really fast, really high quality um and iterate a lot on it with AI. So all our new subjects, the content is generated now with with computers. Um AI sorry chess um the chess course which we are launching literally this week. We started working on it eight months ago like no there was zero work on it before eight months ago. So we started working on it eight months ago. It got started by two people, neither of whom knew how to code and neither of whom knew how to play chess. I I'm I'm actually not kidding about this. Um and they got a course done. Now, of course, after you know, they prototyped and everything. After a while, about four months ago, we started putting engineers in there so that they could make it all um you know, productionize it. But but they really did spend about call it four four five months just the two of them prototyping until we had a course that looks just like the one now uh made by them. And so that's the amazing thing about AI. This was done by non-engineers who didn't know chess. I mean it's amazing hearing how it's basically helping you guys push new frontiers. Yeah. But Luis, there are cultural implications of it. Dualingo is known to be quirky, missiondriven, deeply human. Do you see any risk of that changing as AI takes a bigger role in the company? I don't think so. Uh I mean for example last week I I did you know when I when I sent my email um to the whole company uh there was there were negative reactions not inside the company but outside um there were negative reactions and of course it got spun into dueling was firing all its employees in you know and just hiring robots somehow. Uh that is not what we're doing. We're not laying anybody off. That is not the that's not what we're we're doing at all. Um, but we are just going to be a lot more uh scalable and and of course we're going to have a whole human element and that's what we're going to have humans I mean what we're going to have our employees do is basically uh go up a level all the stuff that for example a good example is animators um animators spend most of the time just making sure that like the movement is just precise um that that's going to be done all by computers and then they're going to be able to just come up with better things to animate Um, and it's going to be the same for Illustrator. It's going to be the same for engineers. It's going to be the same for everything. We're just I think we're just going to bring everybody up a level so that they can spend their time on the more creative tasks rather than these repetitive things. So, I'm very excited about it and no, we're not laying off anybody. And a lot of maintaining that kind of culture integrity that you're talking about really starts at the top with you. So, I want to make sure we spend some time to hear about your leadership and hear some of the lessons you've picked up along the way as you've evolved from inventor of a product to now CEO of a public company. What's changed in how you lead? Um, for the first 50 employees of Dualingo, I was a micromanager. Uh, and I actually claim that was not that bad. I think if you're starting a company, you you should be a micromanager up until about employee 30. I took it too far. I went to about 50. Um, I no longer micromanage, not because I don't want to, but because I can't. Uh, it is just not possible to micromanage that many people. Uh, so I've learned not to do that. Uh, I've learned to delegate. Um, and and I think at this point I also have learned that, um, most of my job is culture carrier mascot. Um, and just making some of the kind of tough philosophical decisions. Um uh oh the other thing that I've learned this took me many years to to learn the things that I'm good at or that give me positive energy I should spend my time on that and the things that I'm not good at or give don't give me positive energy does don't do those things so good example two of my executive team are sitting here head of people and head of finance I am neither good at those things nor do I get energy from them so they have all the freedom in the world but our poor head of product um does not have a lot of freedom. Matt laughs cuz it's true. And so what I'm hearing is it's really about the people that you're putting around you and you're building up. So I want to ask about that. How do you think about who to bring in or who not to as you scale Dolingo and help the company continue to grow? Um we're this is really one of the most important things you can do if you're building a company. uh making sure that you bring the right people. Um obviously we try to really bring uh people who are very good at whatever their function is. So if they're engineers, we try to look for really good engineers. So that that's kind of tables skates like sure you do that. We also want to have a real good culture. Um we, you know, one of the rules at the moment we've changed that because we changed it. Uh not not the spirit of the rule, but we changed the actual rule for many years. We had this rule that was um if you're trying to fill a a role in the organization, it's usually because you have a hole in the organization that you're trying to fill. The rule that we had is it's better to have a hole than an a-hole. Uh that was an internal rule. We still we still have that. Um but let me tell you, we actually really really lived by it. Um the best example that we had was when we were searching for a CFO. Uh this is Matt's job. Uh this is before Matt showed up. We were searching for a CFO. It took us a year and a half to find a CFO. It's a very long time. In that time, after about a year of searching, now bear in mind, I had the board breathing down my neck just saying you have to find a CFO, etc. So about a year had passed. We were um looking for one and we interviewed a person that everything looked good. Uh passed the interview. Um the uh the resume was excellent. They came from a fancy company. It was good. This is the person. I was like, "We're gonna hire this person." It turned out during the hiring meeting, it came out that this person was not very nice to a couple of people. One, his driver who picked him up at the airport. He was not nice to that person. And then another person who was a very junior employee. And then we didn't hire him. The bus, by the way, broke my heart because I was like, "No." Um but I we really live by this rule and I think it has created a really good culture um that you know we um toxic people at Dualingo either are not there or don't last long or repress it. [Laughter] So many good oneliners from there. Maybe they are toxic people. They just they are repressed. And for you guys, culture, I mean, culture is important for every company, but for you guys, you live and breathe it. We do. And we're lucky as a public because we get a front row seat to it with whatever it is your marketing team is doing. And so, Louise, we want to take a quick minute just to talk about that. For those of you who are not as familiar with Dolingo, if you're user app, you'll probably get incessant reminders and notifications. They're not that incessant. No, no, no, not at all. And if you're not on time, they can get a little angry. They have an unhinged Tik Tok from giving ladies advice for the club, keeping up with pop culture, and even making celebrity appearances at Coachella, which is funny cuz I actually saw them when I was there a few weekends ago. You were at Coachella and you saw them and they were having a lot of fun. They were having a great time. Yeah. This is what we pay our marketing people to do, to go to Coachella. So, if you need a job at marketing at Dualingo, let me tell you. And probably the most viral is you guys even uh faked killed your owl. We did not. Um look the we can't control what that guy does. He faked his death. Can't control him. Louise, this is not normal corporate behavior. How did chaos become your brand? And why does it just work so well? I wouldn't say our brand is chaos. Okay. It's we call it wholesome unhinged. Um this took many years. It's not like we knew from day one that this was going to be like that. Um what the first thing that happened was we had a mascot. We decided to have a mascot. That was we just thought that an education thing should have a mascot. I I don't know. We just thought that uh no no great reason for that. Um, then after we had a mascot, we made the mascot our app icon. So, if you've seen our app icon, it's a blown up face of our owl. Um, so we did that. What that does is it makes it so that all the notifications that you get on the phone look like they're coming from the mascot because every notification has the app icon in it. So, it looks like your notification. So, that gave the mascot a voice, but we didn't really understand that we were giving the mascot a voice. We're just like, well, it's a notification, so we're going to write it down. So, that gave it a voice. Then over time we just tried AB tested different notifications. At some point it occurred to me that here here's what was happening. Um we were sending notifications you know for you to come back. If you ignore us and don't come back we send you another notification the next day. And if you ignore us and don't come back we send you another notification the next day. But after 5 days we stop because we're nice. Uh but after 5 days it occurred to me and this was I I wasn't really trying to come up with any any anything to get people to come back. It occurred to me that on the fifth day, we should tell people that we're stopping because we're nice. Um, so we changed the the fifth day copy of the notification to say something like, "These notifications, these reminders don't seem to be working. We're going to stop sending them for now." I've gotten a few of those. Yes. I did not realize how powerful that is to get people to come back because people feel like we're giving up on them. So, it's like your parent being like, "I'm giving up on you." Uh, and it really gets a lot of people to come back. So, that that was extremely passive aggressive. That's not how we wrote it, but it came out that way. And I went back every time. Yeah. Yes. Know, so it works. And then what that did is the internet started coming up with memes about, you know, how passive aggressive our owl was. And then they started coming up with more memes about how the owl was willing to go through any kind of psychological terror towards you to get you to come back. And then they also the internet came up with the fact that then the the owl is willing to go through anything to get you to come back including kidnapping your family. And so they just all these memes that started coming up. But this was not us. Um eventually what we decided to do was to um lean into this. So, um, our April Fool's campaign from like, I don't know how, six, seven years ago was we made a video of, um, you know, you've seen all these like crappy lawyer commercials on local TV where they're like, you know, basically telling you they're going to get you money for your accidents or whatever. We made a we decided to make a a video of a crappy lawyer claiming to get you money if the owl had kidnapped your family. And that was our fool. By the way, one thing we learned about that uh Fool's campaign was we actually went and hired one of these companies that makes the crappy lawyer videos. And we showed up there and we're like, "We want you to make us a crappy lawyer video." And they were like, "What do you mean? I am not kidding." They were like, "We make great videos." We're like, "Oh, okay." So, in the end, we actually did not work with them. We actually worked with an extremely fancy video production company and fully understood we wanted a crappy lawyer video. Um but anyways that that's kind of our first thing we leaned into that and then we just started leaning in more and more. Um and every time we lean in more to the memes it worked. Um the other thing that happened so that was kind of one thing. The other thing that happened was our head of marketing at the time um told me, "Hey, I need you to let me hire a few people that are very young uh straight out of college um because I just think they have ideas that we older people don't have." And I'm like, "Sure, you do that." And then she brought up the resumes of a couple of people um that she wanted to hire. And I looked at the resumes and I was like, "Absolutely not." Um these were not like the other rums at Dualingo. Most rums at Dualingo look like all of you. Uh like they they they super fancy school, perfect GPA, etc. These résumés, not like that. Um but anyways, I trusted her and I said, "Sure, we'll I'll let you hire them." And she did. She hired these two people. Um and one of them it it at some point pitched to me. I was in the pitch uh that they wanted to start a Tik Tok account. And I'm like, why? Uh, and then they showed me some of the videos that they wanted to do and I'm like, "This is not going to work." Uh, so I did not think it was going to work, but they begged me to let them do it. And I thought there was no downside to let them do it because I'm like, "Look, nobody's going to watch this, so it doesn't matter. You're going to put your funny content." It's like, it's not even funny. It's just weird. Your weird content out there, nobody's going to watch it, so there's no downside. Go ahead. Um, it turned out I was wrong. Uh the Tik Tok is now I it may be the if it's not the it's one of the most followed like top five most followed brands on Tik Tok in the world. Um there are weeks where we have uh the single most viral video in all of Tik Tok. Um and it now accounts for something like 20% of our new users. Um I was wrong. I was wrong. Um, and I I understand right now I, you know, I I I was wrong, but yeah, that's that's kind of that's kind of what happened. And over time, it just we we really embraced it. And I think you leaning in, it just speaks to your leadership. It's bold and you're willing to do things a little differently. That's because I thought there was no downside. An interesting thing that I've heard from your team that you like to say is that from time to time, every leader has to be unreasonable to move things forward. So, when have you been unreasonable at Duolingo? Wow, they told you that. Um, you know, I don't know about unreasonable. I think um it is a I definitely use this um whenever whenever some change needs to happen, I definitely act more unreasonable than I actually am. And I know I'm doing that. And actually, the people that work with me closely know that. Uh, but it really kind of scares some people when I just give these kind of like edicts that like just do that. Um, and sometimes it's a lot more unreasonable. For example, um, I don't know. Um, what's what's a good example? What's a good example of some reason unreasonable thing? I don't know. I don't find them that unreasonable, but other people do. Uh, but anyway, sometimes um sometimes I I feel like it's necessary. Well, unreasonable or not, we love your leadership and the company is just something that's so fun for us all to watch. Luis, we have one last question for you before we open up to audience Q&amp;A, and it's one we're asking all of our guests. So, our team, our theme for this year is leaving your mark. So, Louise, how do you want to be remembered? Oh, um, I really want to have a positive impact on education. Um, I think that uh, you know, one way of viewing Dualingo is actually the most common thing that happens when you ask people why they're using Dualingo is they'll tell you something to the effect of, well, I used to X where I used to play a lot of Candy Crush. I used to scroll a lot of Instagram, etc. But now some of that time is spent using Dualingo. Um, and at least I'm learning some Spanish. Um, so I really want to I really want it to be the case that we can show that screen time uh is actually useful for the world. Um, and I think we can make a a big change. I mean, I think we, you know, for the first time ever with phones, we can reach billions of people and educate them. Uh, and I think we can do that. So that that's what I would like. And I think we're excited to watch that happen. We have a couple of mic runners coming around with a mic. If you get it, um, please state your name, your year in the program, and then your question. My name is Ila. I'm an MD MBA, second year MBA. And I have a two-part question. So, I um, let's see. I'm on day 2,602 on Dualingo. Nice. So, seven years. Okay. Thank you. So, um, I get the dopamine hit and it works for me. But the thing is for me, past getting one extra day on my streak, that's where it ends. Like the challenges don't do it for me. I have too many lingots with nothing to do with them. You stopped giving us Duolingo outfits, which we'll talk about at launch. Um, so my first question is, um, are you planning new rewards or challenges that could push longtime users like me to do more than one just quick than the one lesson a day? And then the other part is the streak really does work. But the thing is in poor in poorer countries like the connectivity thing, there's no internet, there's no power, a lot of time that that wastes a lot of precious learning time and then the ability to download lessons and do them offline that's behind a pay wall. So is there any way around that in places that need it the most? Yeah, great question. Okay, so rewards, we're working on that. It is incredibly difficult to come up with good rewards, at least for our team. there's going to be a huge revamp um over the next few months that's going to allow us to give us some much more interesting rewards. Um so hopefully it'll work for you. I don't know. I you know not everything works for everybody but hopefully this will work. Uh so we're working on rewards. That is something that we actively work on and it is something that the product organization at Dualinguist has been frustrated about for the last 10 years. We know our rewards are not good enough. So yeah, we're frustrated about it. We're working on it. um in terms of um connectivity and stuff like that. By the way, it is not the case anymore that offline lessons are uh behind the payw wall. Everybody gets access to offline lessons now. So, that has changed and we're working quite a bit, you know, for for poor countries with connectivity. What matters the most is the Android app. And so, we have a whole team uh making sure that our Android app is is um really uses as little um uh bandwidth as possible, is as small as possible. actually the size of the app of the Android app is quite small. Uh so we're trying what we can. It is we're still not there in terms of I mean there really are a lot of people who just have spotty internet. Um but my hope is that this will resolve itself without us having to do much uh and we'll just concentrate on the on the teaching component. One of the things that Dualingo managed to do really well in the edtech space is solve the retention problem a little bit. And I was just wondering how your time in CMU labs or um you know your time in more technical I guess positions helped you um to get gamification right. Um I I don't know exactly how that helped but you are right that the you know a lot of people ask you know what is what is it that we do well? Um I think the main thing we do well is motivation. um it's just really hard to stay motivated to learn something by yourself. So we spend a lot of effort on that. I mean the way we solved it by the way was just through trial and error. I mean some of us have by now some intuition about what what is good for gamification but the reality is that most of it is just trial and error. We have run in the history of Dualingo 16,000 AB tests. Um, so each one of those is just trying to figure out, do we change this, you know, this little thing to be, you know, this button to be red or blue to try to get you to come back. Um, and so we, the combination of 16,000 AB tests has made it so that our retention is actually outstanding. Uh, at this point, our retention, our our user engagement is is starting to get comparable to social networks. It's not there yet, but it's starting to, and so we're we're very proud of that. If you could go back in time to when you first started building out Dualingo, what would be the one thing that you would change about how you initially approached building out the company? Oh, very easy. Uh, I know that because I've I've regretted it so much. Um, we spent the first call it five or six years on Dualingo absolutely not monetizing. We should have monetized after year three. It was okay that we did not monetize for the first three years. That's fine. But after that, we're just wasting time. And if we had monetized after year three rather than after year six, we would today be 3 years ahead. Like simply whatever is going to happen 3 years from now, we would have done it today. Uh so yes, that was and that was my that was a mistake of mine because I thought that making money was evil. Hi, I'm Philip. I'm a second year in the NBA program. You started out your career back in the stone age of the internet, getting humans to create data that was useful to train computers in ways they couldn't otherwise understand. Today, as the computers and models have become much more powerful, you now have 46 million active users generating a ton of data, and every overpriced consultant says data is the quote unquote new oil. Do you see a way to monetize or leverage that data to help the computers get better and uh kickstart AI progress? Yeah, I mean, that's something we already do, but we could probably do more of. I mean, we have a ton of data of how people learn every day on Duolingo. I don't know the latest number but it's something like 1.3 billion exercises are solved by our users every single day. Uh so we get to see you know what they get right what they get wrong and we do use this data to build models but we probably can do it more. Um and yeah I mean that is there's definitely active war stream at Dualingo to use this data as much as we can. Um yeah I think we have time for one more question. Hi Louis my name is Naza. I'm a second year MBA student. I'm really inspired how Dolingo is able to preserve some of the lesserk known languages. For example, um there are 42 times more learners of Irish language than there are native Irish speakers. So from that perspective, how do you see the role of Dualingo as a tool to preserve uh some of the languages that are close to extinction or just lesser lesserk known languages? Yeah, it's a really good question. I would like to do more of that. Um at the moment we have a few uh kind of these um minority languages. Um we have Irish, we have Welsh, we have Espiranto. Well, Espiranto's um uh constructed language, but we have we have a bunch of uh of these. Um I would like to add more. The limiting factor has there's two limiting factors basically return on investment. Not that many people are learning them compared to other languages. I mean if you actually look at what languages people are learning on Duolingo, 50% of the people on Duolingo are learning English. About 10 20% are learning Spanish and about 10% are learning French. So just those three languages account for somewhere like 75 to 80% of our users. Um so you know we spend most of most of our efforts there. Um then the other problem with the uh kind of minority languages is that AI is just not as good at them as it is for Spanish or whatever. But I think over time that's going to get better and once once the the cost of adding a new course becomes low enough we'll probably really add you know as many languages as we can. Uh but that that day is not today at at the moment um because AI is not very good at pick you know whatever language um you want that is that is not very popular. Uh AI is just not very good at it. So we're we're not doing it at the moment. But I I would say if you give it two, three years, we'll probably add more. Luis, before we let you go, we have one last tradition here at View from the Top, and that's our rapid fire. Okay. Are you ready? Ready. Luis, what is your highest streak on the app? I don't know the exact number, but it's like 3,300 something. Yeah. Companies love to say that they're Dualingo for blank. What's the strangest one you've heard? Dualingo for anger. I don't know if they're teaching you to be angry. I don't And why would you do that? But I have se I get the ads on uh I get the ads on social media for Duolingo for anger. I'm confused about that. You've opened up a restaurant, Do Sakaria. Yes. What's your favorite thing to order? Oh. Um sorry, we don't have that dish yet. Uh so I'm uh I like everything. We we opened a restaurant, by the way. We're very proud of of it, except the only person that doesn't It's not the only person. One person who doesn't like it is our CFO because our restaurant is not an excellent business like Duolingo. Uh it loses money. But what's our I'm going to say the Tacos Al Pastor. They're very good. Amazing. And finally, Luis, be honest with us. How often do you get locked out of capture? Uh 15 to 20% of the time. and it's really annoying. Amazing. Well, thanks so much, Luis. This has been incredible. We've we
