---
ticker: DUOL
type: youtube
title: "Duolingo is Melting — Stock Deep Dive"
channel: "Compound X"
date: 2025-11-23
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GlCfsiFHScY
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 51931
---

# Duolingo is Melting — Stock Deep Dive

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Compound X
- **日期**: 2026-04-02
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GlCfsiFHScY

## 转录全文

Hello, welcome to my first video for analyzing companies. My name is Eric and I'm a value investor and today we're looking at Dualingo. We're going to dive deep. We're going to understand this company to its core fundamentals and at the end of the day we're going to figure it out what this company should be trading at and at what price point makes sense to buy. All right, so let's dive deep. Okay, continue with the next one. [clears throat] All right, so Lu Lingo is a language app and it's just one of the best ones actually out there. I don't think nothing comes close to it. Beautiful graphics, beautiful design, branding, everything is so good, right? They're integrating AI recently to try to improve their languages and they're integrating like this speaking conversational thing. Um but you know they're doing a lot of in innovation a lot of uh new curses were added recently but the stock still tanking and that's kind of where we trying to figure out why the market is reacting this way um and if it's justified so looking at just just looking at the website this looks amazing super beautiful so they you know it's an app they are in the app store in Google play they're everywhere basically and uh their main business is just this you know language you subscribe subscription based model and uh they also have a store which is let me click it here which is pretty nice they also sell but I don't think it's a big part of their their core value I mean the company the revenue but I still it's there right they even sell their own piano in partnership with someone um another company makes this and um yeah so even the mask they sell this it's so funny [snorts] all right so let's dive deep and take a look at the chart and I think as you can See, it looks horrendous. It was trading all the way to 550 just June 20, just June of this year. And now it's trading all the way down to 170 1680. It broke the 170 mark today, I believe. And so it's a it's a meltdown of about 70%. Yeah, about 70% todayish, give or take. Um and one of the things we need to know before we even try to understand the valuation is kind of understand the story behind the prices that this company has been trading at. And um in the beginning and you know in 2023 it was you know started to you know the IPO in the 2021 and uh you know there was a little bit of a hype it dropped down all the way to 75 and maintained there for like a year and then started to go up for the span of like two years. And the reasons why it started to go up is because they were having really strong growth, right? Um it started to go about 45% on on growth on revenue and the and the daily active users was plus 65 which was kind of like they were not expecting that. And then then all the the quarters earnings were looking really good, really juicy, you know, as you can see here, it's super juicy. Um again here as well 25% growth in the revenue. Um they increase guidance. They reach the 100 million monthly active users. It was a milestone. The active users increased know like from 40 from 65 to still maintaining it. Really high growth. Uh still the same thing in this part here. Just a lot of more growth. Um you know with booking smash um they released the AI features around this time with Dualingo Max and the subscription was having really good uh ent like a lot of people were wanting to get into the max right. Um, so the company raised uh the the forecast again. So that made it so that people were super bullish and then why did it crash? That's a great question. So it started to crash after well this valuation was just insane. So I don't think that was supposed to be you know no like this valuation was no way to be maintained by the market. It was just too crazy. people were just trading this not really thinking of value and uh so it go all the way to 550 as you can see it only lasted a couple of weeks before it completely 56 days almost and then completely crash and so despite the great numbers the stock fell 16% you know investors were worried about the the growth right when when a stock goes all the way so like all the way up it's like where's where is the future growth is going to come from because it's already trading at such a big mult multiples right so it crashed as it should And then on the second quarter I think yeah on this quarter actually they released really good numbers as well. And so the stock actually pumped on the same day like was a crazy day. It was like 43%. Right. Like 43% um just on the same day if we look at the day valuation like yeah it was just a huge huge pump and then it started to go down. Now around the same time one second. Oops. Sorry. I wanted to go to the weekly. U around the same time the stock just started to crash. And one of the reasons was because you know Chad GTP uh had a open had a um a presentation where they show they could create uh language apps or something similar to it or like a game right and then it started to crash and it actually I don't know on the day how much it crashed the lingo but it was substantial maybe like five maybe close maybe 5% and then around this time the Apple releases AirPods with translation right so kind kind of like a lot of people were kind of like really worried about the future prospects of this company because it's like okay well you know open eye is releasing this and Apple is now is releasing this so started to crash all the way here now it went up a little bit and then around the earnings that they had which were really good earnings but they showed that the growth was going to go down that's when it dropped like 30% in like a week so numbers were strong revenue plus 41 record iida user metric up, but Q4 bookings and IBIDA guidance were weaker than the market wanted. So, they just said that they were just barely going to hit the the IBIDA, right? And that the bookings might come a little bit down. I think I said they said that and user experience was near uh over near-term profit. So, it's still pretty good quarter, but there's a lot of story coming in here that is making the market really hate this company. [laughter] All right. So, we we look at the uh we look at the chart and I hope you now get an idea what's going on here. Um let's continue with the fundamentals. This is kind of just like the little points of story. We look at why is it going up? Why it went up so high now? Why did it drop so much? Now, with the fundamentals, what I wanted to I want us to take a look at is like the monthly active users uh and then the the change. So, um, it went from December 24 at 116 to now 135. So, they're still growing, still pretty good. Um, and then this is the daily active users. So, it's still going up. It went all the way to 50 million. So, they broke that barrier, but as you can see, the daily active users, it is accelerating like um like we can see on the JP Morgan chart, which is a concern for sure. Um, is it a big concern? That's a really good question and I think there is a concern for sure but as far as we can see even if we look at the monthly active users and we look at the change um yeah it's not it's not the greatest right it's not the greatest it is fundamentally something that could take a toll on the company &gt;&gt; um let's take a look now at the cash flow uh it's looking really good I will say like it went all the way from 161 uh revenue million on December 20 now to close to a billion. They're actually going to break the billion by the end of the year. And uh so they're growing really nice. Um then also we have here the the free cash flow where they get to keep at the end of it is growing is is is past the quarter of a mill of a of a billion. Uh but if we take a look at uh the change of that cash flow, it's like you know you've went all the way from is this accelerating as well from 761% all the way to 81 now. Uh and then if we look at the revenue change that's kind of like keeping a good steady revenue growth of about 40% which is pretty impressive to be honest. most recent this year they're going to be hitting 1 billion and the total debt is like 100 million. So they basically have no debt and they can pay it right away which is something really great to see. Um yeah we take a look at let's take a look a little bit more deep into this fundamentals. Let's bring this in. What I kind of wanted to take a look at specifically was where the revenue is coming from. And uh as you can see most of it is a subscription. It's pretty important. They're doing some of the advertising here. Um then the Dolingo English test and inapp purchases, you know, people are buying all this um little things to be able to run higher or not lose their streak. Um they've been hitting the the estimations. They're like I said, it's looking really good. Financially speaking, it's looking great. Not going to lie. Looks amazing. There's some this acceleration happening. All right, we see it on the numbers. We see it on the growth. All right, we have that. Let's jump into the next thing. So jumping into Dolingo Morning Star, we can see it's rated at a fourstar. The fair value that they're giving is 205 with a high uncertainty. Unfortunately, since um this is a queue, we don't really get to see the uh a human analyst really giving it a uh the fair valuation, but we can see that it currently well this is a the automated analysts which I don't really like to read, but we can take a look. The stock currently trades at 50% discount to our quantity of fair value estimate of 20532 US per share. However, caution is warranted to this estimates high uncertainty rating. This is all automated. There's no human behind this taking a look. So, I don't really don't really take a look at it. But they say the economic mode of Dualingo is narrow. There's some mode, but it's narrow, which I will agree. I will agree there's a narrow mode there for the company. Um now jumping into seeking alpha we can see first that I first thing that we can see is the the seeking alpha analysts are rating it a buy and then Wall Street is rated a buy and then the quans are saying there's a hold um we can see that you know since it dropped so [snorts] much now people are coming in and saying like well it's a strong buy and whatever. Um, if we take a look at some of what they're saying, yeah, revenue growth is expected to exceed 30% year-over-year in 2026. We are robust balance sheet supporting continue innovation and resilience. All right, so that's kind of what they're saying over there. Let's jump into Guru Focus. Guru Focus is letting us know that the stock should be is completely uh significantly undervalued. They're estimating that it's 345. Yeah, right. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; I mean we'll we'll determine that but I think that it's too high just looking at the numbers. So that's why I don't sometimes I don't like to look at this kind kind of websites because yeah you know how do you make sense of anything you know Kramer this is another one Kramer is saying that um they don't he doesn't think Dualingo is needed anymore. This is a really bullish thing if I have to be honest with you. [laughter] All right, taking a look here into the AI analysis for this uh website says synthesizing these factors presents a compelling riskreward profile. The stock is fairly valued on a blended basis but trades at a discount on key earnings and balance sheet yields all while demonstrating SP growth and probability metrics. The current price action reflects a significant negative sentiment shift creating a potential entry point. The lack of recent insider buyer data is a minor headwind for a conviction that's true given the strong fundamental outlook and oversold technicals. A reasonable upside target lies near the 200 level representing a retest of recent support turn resistant. A proven downside floor will be in the 150 150 range which will align to EP yield more closely with the higher risk higher growth profile the market historically assigned to this name. Yeah, I think I agree with that. Um I I totally agree with that analysis from the AI. um like the lack of recent insider buying data is a minor headwind for conviction. Actually, if we look at the insider data, we can just see here that they just been selling like crazy. Even though it dropped like so [snorts] much in the recent quarter uh after the recent quarter earnings, it just shows that there for example here four of the officers sold. They didn't sell that much, but they did sold, right? And they've been selling forever. But for this company, it's not unusual in so unusual because they they always sell and because some of the compositions that they're getting is always shares, which is not great, right? But it's not too bad. I mean, the company's growing a lot. So, and if we look at who is owning this company and the and the who has the most shares ownership, obviously, it's Luis Bonan with 3.2 million shares. Then Robert's me 105, Natalie Glance 80,000, Stephen Shen, and then you know it's most most of the the team there. Um now we look at the team just jumping into the team here which is I think it's good to see it. This people are great. I mean if you look at the background we can take a look at the backgrounds and they're they're pretty great. So if we look at the chief um the CEO Luis Van an you know he studied at Carnegie Melo University he was a professor you know he he has sold recapture to Google I believe and you know he was at Duke University Greger University um if we look at Matska Rupa I hope I'm pronouncing it correctly the chief financial officer again another person that uh has great background he worked at Goldman Sachs for four years Um I don't know the other ones but you know Goldman Sachs is really good education Stanford University. Then we look at Bob Mis again he worked for Google eight years developing specific things global head of games uh Google play so that's really great uh thing he also worked for new business development so basically mostly his background is Google for um for Bob me and then Stephen Shen Stephen Shen um Harvard Law School um he worked at another legal company here full-time Yep. Yep. Harvard Law School, Harvard University. So really good people like like smart and then the server hacker dualingo CTO again Carne Carney Melon University which is they're the original founder right that he's the co-founder and then Luis Van the the founder and so founder co-ounder and he again he worked for Microsoft five months not a lot and he worked in the PhD student I mean 12 founders so it's looking really impressive to be honest and then let's look at the last one Natalie Glance Stanford University and Princeton University and does it show anything else here? There you go. A Google engineer for seven years. Um, Karat don't know that one. So, I'm just showing this to to see the team. The team is really impressive. A lot of Googlers, a lot of universities, Stanford, Harvard. So, great team. I will say A+ team on on Dualingo. Um all right let's jump back into the shares so we understanding that who owns them uh and then let's take a look at who has bought the stock at what prices they have bought them so right off the bat in the most recent this year let's just look at this year 2027 we can also look here who bought this but it doesn't really matter who bought their Jim Simmons that's good renaissance technology uh but in the most recent quarter what we see is Sans Capital don't know Um, Ray Dalio, yes. Ron Baron, okay. Bailey Gford, and they bought up a lot of shares. And then the prior one, it was a lot of Jim Simmons again with the Renaissance Teologies. Have they sold? That's a great question. We have to kind of take a look at it. We can take a look at Jim Simmons in Dualingo. Yeah. Yeah, they have sold. Okay, got it. They still they still held some shares, I believe. So, they still have current 91 million holding with this amount of shares. Okay. But they did sold when they when this started to drop. Maybe they they faded this um thing here. And then um let's look at let's look at Ray Dalio. Okay. Here's he he holds 50,000 shares. He bought it when he he kind of they had good earnings and so he's still holding unless he liquidated. Maybe he liquidated recently, but you know, great people great people own the stock. At least the the insiders is looking good. Um, all right. So, as that's as far as the shares goes, let's take a look at what other people are saying in YouTube in the space. All right. [clears throat] It's an impressive revenue growth over the past seven years, growing from $17 million to 964 million currently, which is a compounded annual growth rate of 45% based on the assumptions about the future of the company that you put in. I did a seven analysis with low, middle, and high assumptions. And as you can see, the intrinsic value according to my low assumptions is $117 per share, middle 197, and high 338. And because the stock is currently trading at $192 per share, this means that if my low assumptions occur, you would make a 1.5% annual return on your money, middle 10.4% and high 20.4%. As far as my assumptions, I assume dualingo gross revenue between 7 and 18% in the next seven years, the average of profit margin and free cash margin between 30 and 40%. And I assigned the PM price to free cash flow at the end of the seven years of 16, 18, and 20. &gt;&gt; 41. So if we plug that in instead of the $5.95 that was the result of like a 45 cent of profits per share dual lingo could be $500. Now do I see that happening? I'm not a gambling man. Okay. I do not see that happening. All right. I think 191 220 maybe even as high as 240 realistic for 2025. 191 seems plausible in my opinion. But referring to my notes that I put right here, their actual PE ratio should be 50.5 predicated upon the $3.80 EPS. So right now, you might see 23 because of that onetime tax benefit, $5.95 profits per share. But that's not what's really happening. All right, so if we jump on over to the next year, I don't really see them getting another onetime tax benefit tax break, right? Which means their EPS is going to go from 380 to $459, which is still a pretty substantial increase, and it's pretty impressive. But on paper, they're pumping their numbers for the short term because for the long term, that's going to be a decrease, and it's going to be a big one. It's going to go from $8.34 down to $459. That's negative45% year-over-year. And I think that Dual Lingo, they're probably going to trade for around a 50p, which is what they were prior to this earnings. That's what they usually trade for. They trade for a premium because of the numbers that they execute. I promise you, I'm a man of my word. I know I have small eyes. I have a stupid Seattle hat on that doesn't match anything that I'm wearing, but I usually am a man of my word and I'm good on my promises. We will be looking at the data and the numbers here in a little bit. It's just I learned from past mistakes. I want to go too deep into the numbers right away. People's eyes start glazing over and they're like, "What? I like to take cold showers cuz it makes my PP ALL SMALL." YOU KNOW PEOPLE ARE LIKE THAT. So I want to go through with all the high level stuff dollars and hill in to probably a 240. Now we fast forward and we continue this game. &gt;&gt; He's saying like he's playing like a 2026 with a predict PU that usually trades at 50. The his like price forecast is 229 to around 275 you know if he increases by a bullish PE. Okay let's keep this Joseph Carlson after hours. Let's take a look what he has to say with Dualingo. &gt;&gt; Fictitious experiment that I just uh gave you. We would not despite all the people saying that they would not continue growing that their daily active users would go down. Their monthly active users would decline because of artificial intelligence, because of chat GPT, because of Google Translate, because of the Apple AirPods with live translation. People said the company would die. They said that the usage would go down. They said the turn rate would go up. All user engagement metrics and numbers and usage are all going up. And in terms of the moat of the company, many people are again concerned about AI learning and AI translation. This has been one of the top concerns that I've heard about Dualingo since the very beginning. Let's go and take a look at how bad things really were when the stock price dropped 75%. We have Netflix here. We have total subscribers. The stock price. &gt;&gt; So again, um Joseph Cross was comparing Netflix when it started to flat with user and user growth and he's saying what it happened. They dropped 75%. Uh totally agree with what he's saying. &gt;&gt; Drop 75% right there. That was it because this quarter right there was slightly less than that one. 75% decrease in stock price. Total obliteration all because of those two quarters. Now, Wall Street said that Netflix was basically worth nothing because &gt;&gt; okay, I totally agree with what uh just cross is saying here is saying like the company's dropping a lot because they're slowing down, which is normal as you can see in Netflix. It's normal that it slowed down because the stock was never going to grow again. They didn't listen to the management. They didn't listen to the password crackdown narrative. They didn't listen to any of the the long-term thesis or thought process behind what the company's actually doing. What Wall Street thought was that this company was highly rated because of fast growth. The company is now not growing as fast. So, the stock needs to come down. &gt;&gt; Admit that. That was this number right here now. 50 over 50 million daily active users. That continues to go up. Remember last quarter? Oh, monthly active users went down a that they'll show me that this is turning into a bad business. I'll of course sell all my shares. I went in because it was a good business, but I should have gone into it and grew my position like I'm doing with a shift for and a rubric slowly but surely accumulating more shares. I was just caught by the moment. So, I admit that he's talking about how his position on with Dualingo went down and so he's saying that he should have built over time. I don't know what his entry price for Dolingo is, but I'm assuming it's in the 300 and obviously right now he's doing the shareholder there. He's doing a lot of analysis, but I don't think I looked through this and he doesn't have like a specific target price. He's just saying that he's going to wait and see what's going to go. Let's take a look at the next person. This is Antonio Liner. I think it's going to be going to his Q3 2025 earnings reports. And it has so big big Spotify bulls since 2000. Market gave up on this company. Now you can see the graph on the screen now. The green bar charts are Spotify's total monthly active users and then the blue line is free free cash flow per share. You can see how both metrics have done very well. And as we know, stock prices track free cash flow per share over the long term. So the blue line has grown exponentially especially over the past few years continues to do so in the last 12 months and now my thesis as is the case with Spotify management as I will explain is that both of these metrics but specifically free cash flow per share as I was saying the growth is going to accelerate. So Spotify has been implementing an agent layer on top of their traditional back end. So they say Spotify actually came in with a MO ad performance and what happened to Spotify to what I think we see now with and from those levels in which I literally bet the house and what I think we see now with Dualingo is very much the same but just on steroids because it's actually a much smaller company. So if you now check out the graph that I'm putting up on the screen now which is Dualingo's free cash flow margin, it's actually a lot higher after the introduction of Chat GBT in late 2022 than it was beforehand. And this is hard to reconcile with a narrative which is that CHP is going to disrupt this company. What this actually shows is that LLMs are a tailwind for Dolingo. You will remember the chart that I'm putting up on the screen now. It shows basically which are the customers that consume the most tokens from CHBT. There was some controversy in terms of the order. Uh some say it was by alphabetic order and not actually the customers you see on the chart are actually ranked by alphabetic order. Okay. So a lot of these YouTubers their main argument is saying that they compared to like Spotify or like Netflix when the users start to slow down and people start to dump the shares but eventually they recuperate it you know which is true uh is it going to happen to Dualingo is really almost like you you cannot predict the future you cannot know these things right I mean is it a good app is it a good company is it a can the team innovate and iterate now so that the company starts to grow again I think so there's a lot of things they can still do but anyways now let's take a look at the bear and the bull cases. Uh the bull case is uh they have a wonderful app is is one of the best right let's look at Evan Edinger uh who has used the app for nine years his take on the recent updates of Dualingo let's just look at his con uh on that note though I will say a big part of conversational fluency to me is confidence in speaking the language you know just don't and with all that said it raises the obvious question I always get asked can you get fluent using Dolingo response online is no it can be useful as a tool but to achieve fluency one require many sources outside of dualingo. The inherent flaw with this line of reasoning is it misunderstands the very premise. If anything, the answer should be similar to the question of can this A1 to C2 language book get me fluent or can I get fluent by constantly watching movies in a foreign language. The answer to all of these is, well, maybe yeah, I guess with caveats, but there are surely more efficient methods. You see, we live in a time where fake polyglot grifters will confidently claim you can't get fluent using Duolingo and then always recommend a language learning service that they get a kickback from. Huh. And because they developed the ability to appear intelligent and appear successful with their grift, they can come off as quite convincing. And many modern audiences look past the blaring conflict of interest that is the numerous affiliate links to the solutions they're shilling because Dualingo can't work. These ones can. Thank you. I personally have nothing to sell you in this race. I can only speak from my own experience here. So if you ask me, Evan, can you get fluent using only Dualingo? Ooh, that is a different question. But at this point, my answer would in arguably be yes, depending on the tier of Dualingo you've signed up for and the language. For the past 5 plus years of learning Spanish, I have deliberately chosen not to use any other language learning method except Dualingo. I've not read any books. I've not listened to any songs. I've not watched any movies, nor have I done much else. I have learned Spanish solely using the Dualingo app each and every day. And you may argue that, well, this is not really a very efficient method of learning a language. You'd be correct. But you can't argue I can't speak Spanish because I very much can. I'm conversationally fluent. I'm fluent. I can have conversations if I want. And it feels great, actually. &gt;&gt; All right. So, we take it there from a user that has used the app for nine years. It has a 3,474 streak, daily streak. So, that's one of the bare cases that people say you're going to learn Dualingo. you're gonna learn a language using Dualingo. And as you can see with the latest update, yes, you can, especially with the integrated the voice speaking thing. And this is a great video to take a look at. Uh, it's really long, 18 minutes. I would re I mean 21 minutes. I would recommend to take a look at it if you really have a if you want to take out that bare case. But I think the new updates that Dualingo has done to with its AI has been great. They they have improved the app to such a way and degree that now you can learn a language just using the app itself. Now, I understand there's a lot of push back online uh about the new energy modes and stuff. I just think that bothers the people that don't pay for the app. Uh so, necessarily, I don't think it matters as much because maybe you're pushing away those users, but as we can see on the on the fundamentals and the financials, those users only create a slight percent of revenue looking at the advertising. The vast majority of the revenue comes from the paying users. So I don't think it really affects the application to be honest. It does if they leave, you know, it could potentially decrease the network effect and see the the this acceleration that we've seen recently, but we've seen the subscriptions go up and up. So that is great. So I don't think necessarily speaking is um a good bare case argument. People saying that you cannot learn a language using Dualingo. There's proof here and uh that's one. Then there's another argument that I I I listen to a lot and it's the they were saying that, you know, Chajp is gonna kill Dualingo and and Gemini and whatever. &gt;&gt; So, it's pretty clear this is not going to work. Um, &gt;&gt; we're going to stay a little bit longer and see, but I don't think it's going to work. &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, there goes that theory of them salons are going to be thriving still. All right, y'all. So, as you can tell, Anna got her hair done. So, how did it work? It &gt;&gt; So, it didn't work. It didn't work at all. &gt;&gt; And we pretty much found that out the very first like five or 10 minutes we were in there. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Anna had them in and then what were you noticing? It was first it recognized ambient noise and then asked me to move this the phone closer to the source speaking. Obviously, I couldn't do that without them knowing I'm trying to record them. And so, it was very choppy if it picked up anything at all. Just really weird random words. So, even when it was quiet in the salon, because we also tested when it was quiet in the salon, they could be speaking to each other, but it wasn't really picking up full sentences or full statements whatsoever. And then I even took the AirPods myself, sat next to really really close to two people who were conversing back and forth, and I couldn't even it couldn't even pick that up either. So, it wasn't translating what they were saying in regular conversation. It sounds like you have to be speaking directly to the person, either being right next to them, speaking directly to them, or holding the phone to their mouth. Yeah. For it to pick up the translation. &gt;&gt; I'm not too surprised because I know the way these work. So, when you're talking and you're having that conversation, &gt;&gt; these use what they call beam forming microphones and that means think imagine two lasers just going straight. &gt;&gt; It might pick up something here and there, but it's not meant to pick up side conversation. And what it actually does when it's in your ears is it'll actually lower the volume of everything else around you and increase the volume and focus on that voice. &gt;&gt; Got it? &gt;&gt; So you're not even you can't even really hear something else happening cuz it's not trying to do that. &gt;&gt; So you're wasting our time basically. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Cuz you're &gt;&gt; the people the people wanted [laughter] to know. &gt;&gt; And you got a good hairstyle out of it. So &gt;&gt; yeah, you know, I'm not mad at it. I'm happy. &gt;&gt; All right. So that was a fun test. But now we got to go and try and use these the way they were intended to be used. So I'm going to see how it works for the very first time using my boy Jean. All right, so we're going to be translating French over here. Hey Jean, we need to talk. Let's see how he reacts to this. &gt;&gt; All right, man. I know it's the end of the day, but how you feeling, though? I mean, I got what you were trying to say. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's accurate. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Listen, I get it. It's September. It is the craziest month of the year for us. Um, but we should be getting a break soon in like January. One thing I'm noticing is that like when I'm speaking to you because it's translating by phrase and not the entire thing that I'm saying or in real time. It's breaking it up into these like different sentences and then I have to like press play. I think it's meant for people to just kind of like read it. But if you want them to just listen, you're going to have to hit play for each each little line, unless you just speak quickly. All right, so the next thing we're going to test is active noise cancelling. Apple says that these are twice as good. &gt;&gt; All right, as you can see, I don't think so. [laughter] Like, I don't think this is these are going to do anything to the stock market, to the Dualingo market. So, let me put my glasses because damn, you know, now look nice. All right. So yeah, like for sure. Absolutely. I don't think so. Like as you can see, if you're in a salon, are you going to be able to Well, there's so much reflection with these glasses. All right. Well, whatever. Well, no. We won't use it the glasses because too much reflection. But as you can see here on the video, like even if you go in a salon trying to understand what people are saying, you're not going to be able to. It picks so many noises and you have to basically have it in front of the people or or use the phone. But the the phone translation so they can speak to it. This already existed. Like people already do that, right? And if we look at the price of Dualingo, it's not affecting anything. So that by Apple have AirPods. No. Like this is ridiculous in the future. What in the next five years? No, I don't think so. [laughter] And the reason why is because the microphones on those little things haven't improved and and you need it to be so good. And then like like you know like you learn the languages to to be with people like to for culture, family, relationships and you don't want to be like one second. Okay. What you said and then like even here you can take a look again at the part and it's like &gt;&gt; it is the craziest month of the &gt;&gt; you see he's like a little second he's waiting for it to get translated and even you have the glasses the meta glass and you can see the translation here. They also have to have the meta glasses as well to understand your language. It's like [laughter] the argument the argument holds no water whatsoever. So dead by Apple. Yeah, maybe maybe when we you know the only the only technology I could see that you could be like oh yeah this is going to destroy everything and it will destroy everything for learning is if we can go into the matrix and you go into a bed and then you download the languages into your brain and that's the way you do it. Uh, and even better if you really want to be uh if you really want to think about it, I guess you can use Elon Musk XAI chip and then you can do like conversations using the chip because it communicates through Bluetooth. But then by that point, you don't even have to speak and you can just send communications in different languages or code or Morse code or whatever you want to call it. So whatever is the most efficient way to trans to to send information through you know binary code uh to the other person but that's you know you just say it in your thoughts Spanish English whatever and then it gets sent to that it translators right away and they don't have to but is that going to happen now like in the next five years 10 years 20 years are people going to put those chips into their brains and so I don't necessarily think so sorry I'm gonna move it here so I can speak to the camera in front of the camera but I don't necessarily think so that argument doesn't hold any water. Let's go into the other argument of dualing hated by a lot of people. I think I already talked about it. Um yeah, this doesn't hold water. It's only hated by the people that don't want to pay. So, doesn't hold any water either. The other argument people are making is that um since the release of the AI um since they integrate AI into the app is becoming much worse. And as we can see with the video Evan, that's not true. Now people can actually learn a language using only Dolingo at least for the Spanish version. I think Spanish, English and maybe the most popular ones, maybe the most popular five languages in Dualingo you can learn just using Dualingo and also they thanks to AI they released 148 new languages curses. So again, it doesn't hold water. All these things that they're saying that they have becoming wars and no, it's actually allowing to put more content and then also they release um chess recently and they use a lot of um AI to do that and they only use a small team that were working for eight months. So it's actually accelerating the company um growth and and their their content. So again, doesn't make any sense. It's just it's just it's just being said by a lot of people that are upset that they have to pay. If you take a look at the price of Dolingo Max, it's like for at least for Canadians, it's like $200, maybe more. Like, let me take a look. I think it's like 300 Canadian actually, but 200 American. Um, and if you were to split it between like the six users you're allowed to do, it would only come down to $30 per per user basically. Um, yeah, around 30. Yeah, around $30 US per user. And uh so it's not that expensive for for a lot of I think for anyone in Canada or the US it's like $30 per year per user. And so I I don't think that argument holds water either that it's expensive and that's why uh I'm not you know like why would I pay? I think the arguments people don't want to pay. They want free things. Everyone wants free things, but um yeah, I think Dolingo is not expensive. And I think if you want to learn a language, I think you will pay $30, especially if you can learn it and you can you can learn a like, are you going to pay are you going to get a tutor and pay $30 per hour? Because that's what they charge in these countries, Canada, and the US. It's like $30 per hour to just learn a language with a tutor, right? And you only get to pay that per year. Again, the argument Um all right let's see if we have any more arguments to address here. Another thing people have mentioned um is uh that do like check basically is going to be what like Dualingo is going to go through right like if you took out the company but that is completely different because check was just a answering uh for for for test questions and whatever. So the LMS have taken over that. But if you look at here at the check check graph, you can see that it looks horrible. In a way, it kind of looks like Dolingo, right? Like let's bring again the Dolingo chart. Um you can kind of see it goes up and then completely crashes and go back to the normal numbers and and okay, we go back again to to check. Similar thing, right? But um if we take a look at at checks in the trends, let's add check quickly. All right, we take a look at CHE. You can see that it actually started to go down, right? It actually started to go down when CHP was getting stronger. So, which is the opposite argument to Dolingo. can clearly see the divergence and um that's the other argument I'm seeing you know Dolingo is going to die doesn't hold any water now this is this is also in the moat um the lingo's um so so another thing that we can argue is uh negative is that the the person that was very the the social media manager actually left the company but I don't think the social media marketing was depending on one person and so I don't think it's going to affect too much you know so yeah I don't think also this holds any type of water I think it was a good part of the member and obviously was a lot of v virality but you take a look at the social branding and the social I mean the social aspect of Dolingo in the recent uh months you know like they released uh their anime things and it's doing pretty good 1.5 million views uh the last two weeks also did this one you know u the lady, her name is Perez A Parves, Saria Parveves, longtime senior global um manager, announced this week that she will be leaving her job, right? That was August 20, 2025. And so, like again, they're still doing numbers. They're still doing good. They're still doing a lot. The introduction of of chess got 10 million views. Uh might be one of the most popular Yeah. one of the most popular videos they done in the last And if you Yeah. In the last in the whole channel's account. And if you could take take a look like I mean they're doing good. Let's take a look at Dualingo branding and social media like they have one million in in X 1 million in I mean 10 4.7 million in Instagram. So there's a lot of moat there's a lot of branding there's still a lot of engagement like the chess is doing really good uh in their metrics. They're doing also really good on the on the video like people are interested. Um, I use Dualingo uh chess and it's fantastic. Really great animations. Their social media is still doing awesome. Tik Tok, I think Tik Tok, I forgot to put it here to show it, but it's still doing really good. Um, there's another here. The only place that Dualingo is crashing and melting away is on Reddit. On Reddit, people are like like he's ruined the app, right? Like it's never going to, you know, they kill off every good feature and parts that I enjoy, which is the free part really. and tag on AI channels through an emo chick who calls you every 12 seconds. Yeah, like I said, there's a lot of emotional distress for people that now have to pay for the app. See, I will say that greed, manipulation, expectation is to go for Silicon Valley in the tech grow again. How is it manipulation and greed when you have for the longest time like if we take a look right? One sec. Yeah. a highest greed and a manipulation that for the longest time you have operated in like on margins that were negative like we look at the annual here look at it they were losing money for so many quarters like just look at the net income so again it's just a lot of people that are distressed about having to pay so doesn't hold any water social media the social media doing really well and the branding is still pretty strong so that's a huge mode I should address that in the mode section But it's a it's a bare it's part of the bear case that said that they're gonna die because they losing social presence or social media um and people don't like them anymore which actually there's a new there was a new video that just uh released about about the whole thing. So we take a look word of mouth growth that followed following this the email highlights the impact of AI on how much content is produced and the changes they'd be making to their workforce in response reading it helps us to get closer to our mission to teach well we need to create a massive amount of content and doing that manually doesn't scale. One of the best decisions we made recently was replacing a slow manual content and ASAP who gradually the backlash to this email was immediate and intense. Some users either considered or outright ended their multi-year streaks in protest while others started petitions against Doringo's AI integrations. Around this time more and more users began complaining about the errors and bugs in the app. As one user put it again the same thing AI bugs about AI all this kind of stuff. It just seems to be like people that don't like AI and people don't like to pay for the app. That's the loudest voices here that I see. Don't really see any regard here. Like for example, if you look at the Google the YouTube thing, we have as AI. If we click it, what does it bring AI into the system? You know, they're starting to integrate AI everywhere. And so I don't see I don't see honestly I don't see any issues with the AI thing. And if we take a look just here at like one second, this is not coming. If you just take a look at Google and they do AI, it's like going up. So I don't think it's because they integrate AI that is going down. I mean like the Google is an AI company is going like ballistic and all the AI companies are going ballistic. So don't think that is anywhere near putting any pressure to the company at all. It doesn't make it doesn't hold water that argument at all. So and this video like 250,000 views in 12 hours. again. Yeah, people are upset, but these the people that you don't really like Dualingo shouldn't care anymore, you know, like because they're trying to make an app that you can learn a language for $30 per year US and I will say that's so cheap and the people that want to pay is because they're upset. So, I see a lot of future here into the company. I think we're getting to the point where uh you know, you know, $30 actually if you really think about it, $30 per year for using Dualingo and the AI system is cheaper than Chad GTP because Chad GTP is like I mean you can use the free version but if you start talking to the AI caps you because you hit the limits and then you have to start paying $25 20 to $25 to use it per month. So you end up paying so much and in in Chadp you cannot share with the family. With Dualingo you can share with family. So there's actually an arbitrage there to be used especially you want to learn languages you don't use chttp and gemini that will charge you because it's going to be more expensive you use dualingo because you can get it for cheaper because you can share with family so doesn't hold any water that assumption either I think I went through everything um there's another thing I want to kind of show here um estimate 36 rise page cring likely higher than estimates and here in in in quarter in three quarter in the quarter in the third quarter Our max product double in bookings year-over-year. It says the max product helps address fears in learning a language with a human by unlocking access to an artificial intelligence video call with one of the characters. So as you can see the max is actually um improving the the application and here they also says the safety also rated they are not concerned about the Apple live airpod translation features in order to move to our in order to move to or go to college in the US you can you can't really go around with an AirPod. It's so true. So all right taking a look at everything the the controversies the things that is going to kill Dolingo whatever we're looking at statistics the numbers the trends the social media um now we can make some assumptions about the whole situation and try to give it an estimation of where should we where is a good price to buy Dolingo right we saw the insiders we saw the what the AI analytics things we saw the fundamentals everything so looking at the whole macroeconomics I think there could potentially be more downside and there's been there's been a lot of layoffs so you could expect this to retest um you know retest the 600 mark who knows I mean that's only probabilities really we don't know but I don't think this is a point where you take a lot of um risk you try to have a portfolio that makes sense in the longer term so that's that's the reason why I'm saying that is because we want to take a look at some ranges for Dualingo that keep us protected in case something happenso chart and we're trying to estimate where should we buy be buying this. And if we remember what the YouTubers said, some of them already bought at different prices. We have Ray Dalia buying at this price. We have also Renaissance Technologies buying at this prices. We have the YouTubers buying around this here. And um we can stipulate that they consider that the fair valuation, right? That's why they bought it. Obviously, the the the earnings came out, they came out good, really great, and it still tank. Uh so if we readjust it and we take a look at what JP Morgan saying that they're valuing the company at 250 uh they reduce it from like 300 to 250. So yeah, there's been a compression on the on the valuation on the estimations for it and uh but I think based on the risk profile of the market and based of uh if we try to be very conservative and we assume if we assume a growth of 20 to 25% for the next five years and we want to get an exit multiple of like four to five sales not like a disaster but also not like super hyp right um we are looking at the stock trading around 180 190. So right now yes the stock is undervalue um by about and we estimate by about 15%. Right? But considering that we are in a market that it is looking like it's going to crash any moment, we do cannot predict this, right? This is just probabilities. I think that we want to consolidate our position between the 150 to the 130 RA price per share and um to to hold for five years and to for my my target for the next five years at a at a growth will be around 200 250 300 on the super uh long range. Uh so yeah this will kind of be like the five years where I expected to be trading but we want to consolidate in a safety margin a safety position here and if I was to play this which I am going to play it I would be basically coming here and looking at Dualingo and saying okay at what price do I want to hold the shares and buy and consolidate. So you can be very conservative here. Um I do think that it potentially goes below the 150 almost touching the 130 because if you look at the chart we can see especially if we look at the value at the where the most shares were bought and sold we can see that number one was 89 90 and then the second one is 180 like 188 and then we have this one at 150. So I would love to be buying between this range like this range will be like perfect chess kiss. Um and so playing very conservative I would basically put this position I will be looking at selling the 210 uh 210 days puts for the January at 1120. You if you want to be more aggressive you can be more aggressive but you're collecting about $5,580 for those years. Obviously, you can be more aggressive depending on what you want. It's like if you even if you were to remove this and completely consolidate into like how many shares would I like to buy it realistically 500 I think that's like a good entry for me. And then if you were to put it like 150, you know, you're collecting $12,000 in 210 days if it's, you know, if it's if it goes up or stays under the same price. Me personally, I like to be more conservative. So I like to potentially be selling this to collect between uh my my price range to collection is like 5,000 to 6,000 for these days. Right? So he's give us a margin of safety of another 30% in case the market continues to fall and fall off and and something that we need to remember is that just as just as the price was here to 550 which is not nowhere near justified based on what we've seen right this is like crazy hype but now you know I think now it still could go really low so from like super high to super low because the market is rational so right now I think a lot of people should be stepping in and buying this but who knows knows it could still go all the way down and better for anyone, right? For for value investors to buy at that specific range. So anyways, this concludes the first value analysis I ever done. I think there's a lot of improvement to do here. I'm also pretty tired. I've been I've been like spending so much time looking at everything, gathering all the information, but I hope you enjoy. See you.
