---
ticker: DUOL
type: youtube
title: "Duolingo CEO on AI Replacing Humans, Apple Payments"
channel: "Bloomberg Television"
date: 2025-05-02
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WBIJrMGeePI
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 7788
---

# Duolingo CEO on AI Replacing Humans, Apple Payments

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Bloomberg Television
- **日期**: 2026-04-02
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WBIJrMGeePI

## 转录全文

I'd love to get a little bit more detail on where those investments are actually going. Are you spending on talent? Are you spending on infrastructure content? Where's the money going? Yeah. Well, thank you for having me. Yeah, we're uh I mean AI is really um positive for our business. We are um there's there's a number of places where it can help. One of them isn't just creating new features that were not possible before. A good example is the video call feature where you can practice conversation with uh one of our characters, Lily. Um we are, you know, we're spending quite a bit on R&amp;D on that and we're going to continue hiring people to help us um develop that. Uh we're also um uh working on just content generation. Uh so generating all of the content can be done a lot faster now with AI and uh what that allows us to do is just have way more courses. Uh each of the courses has way more content. Um and that allows us to serve more users. Uh and then the last thing that we're also doing is we're also you know all of our workflows uh we're trying to make our our own employees a lot more efficient. Uh and this is not about uh you know reducing our workforce or anything like that. That's not what we're doing. We're we're keeping all of our employees but we want to be a lot more efficient uh uh and and for each of them to work on uh creative tasks rather than repetitive tasks. Let's talk about that a little bit more that you're not necessarily reducing the workforce here. You came out with the news earlier this week that you're launching 148 new courses with the help of AI. I spent a lot of time on TikTok. I know that the Dolingo team does as well and there was a lot of push back to this to this AI first push and I wonder you know what your responses to some of the concerns that have been raised about how this impacts the humans. Yeah, I mean I mean this there's some real concerns about uh you know about of course uh people and employees. I mean, we're we're a company that really cares about our employees. Um, I think there was some misunderstanding. You know, there's basically I I sent an email, an internal email. Um, and there was some misunderstanding. Um, what we said is that whenever there is some job that can be done by, uh, by AI, uh, and it can be done really well, then we're unlikely to hire contractors to do that job. Um, already at the moment, you know, most of the things that AI can do, we're not hiring contractors to do. So, this is not a not a huge change. and for uh you know our our full-time employees um we're you know there's no change whatsoever. We're we're going to continue employing them because this is such a big opportunity that we're going to be investing quite a bit. I wonder about because of the recent uh Apple news um the ruling on uh third party um purchases. How do your customers typically pay you? I mean do they do it in the app? Do they do it on the web? And does it make a difference to you? Yeah. Uh, at the moment overwhelmingly our customers pay us from the app using the, you know, Apple's payment system or Google's payment system depending on whether it's Android or or iPhone. Um, you know, the the new ruling uh would allow us to um test I mean, we don't know what's going to end up happening, but we're going to test this. It would allow us to test uh having our customers pay us from, you know, a web view in the app. So, it'll still kind of feel like you're paying us from the app, but it'll be a web view and it won't be Apple's payment system. Uh that would save us quite a bit on margins. I mean, at the moment, uh Apple for the first year of subscription charge 30% um you know, they keep 30%. That wouldn't be the case if we um if we were to do this on a on a web view. So, it's interesting. Katie had mentioned Tik Tok a little earlier. I really admire how socially extroverted she is because it's a vice. Yes. Uh when I go home, I learn how to play strategy games, chess in particular, something that you have recently launched on your platform for lessons. I'm very curious about why you had done this and what it means for other potential games on Dolingo. Yeah, we're not viewing chess so much as a game. I understand that it is a game, but we're viewing it more as an uh something that's educational. It turns out that learning chess really helps for all kinds of things. I mean, it it it allows people to think more logically. Um, and so we're we're viewing it as as another thing that we are teaching. We chose chess as our next subject because there really are hundreds of millions of people that are either playing chess or interested in playing chess. I mean, just if you just ask around the people, you know, it's like, would you want to learn chess? Most people that don't know chess tell you something like, "Oh, I've always wanted to learn this." So, that's why we did this. It's not quite yet out in the app, but it's going to be literally in the next few days in in at least in the iPhone app. Uh where you'll be able to learn chess as a beginner and and it gets you all the way to kind of an intermediate level. And so we're super excited about it. I can't not comment on this because I know that Shinali is here at 6:00 a.m. and stays um working until like 8 or 9:00 p.m. So then you go home and you learn chess. Correct. Is that really what you do? Chess and also lately poker. And that's why I was asking about games because frankly the the strategy behind them is a huge social uh potential market. I watch Netflix and eat hogen like I'm Yeah. I go for one and sort of unplug. But Luis, I know that you're not thinking about chess as a game, but I want to ask about potential future games. Obviously, you're moving forward with chess. What other sort of games, if you want to talk call them that, do you have potentially planned or are thinking about? We're unlikely to do games. I mean, what you know, we're an education app. Ultimately, what we want to do is teach people things that take a long time to learn and that will improve their lives. Uh, so other subjects that we add will unlikely be games. By the way, at the moment, we don't have any serious plan to add other subjects uh after chess. Uh we we will eventually, but at the moment, we're more concentrated on the ones that we have already added, which is obviously language learning, but also math and music. And now chess. I want to know about how um well people actually learn languages with Duallingingo. I mean I took Spanish for years. I took French for years. I don't speak a lick of either one. German, you know, I moved to Berlin and within a month I was I was speaking it because I was there. How well can you really learn a language using an an app on a phone? Um what really matters is the amount of time that you spend actually interacting with that language. Um and if you do spend the required amount of time you can learn a language and certainly you can learn language well in Dualingo. I mean you can uh I've learned languages on Dualingo and not only that you can we have a lot of uh um scientific studies that show that if you use Dualingo for the for the required amount of hours you will get better at the language. Now what ends up happening is that I think there's a lot of misconceptions about how long it takes to learn a language. Um, you know, to learn Spanish relatively well, you need to spend 500 hours. And this is not just on Dualingo. This is this is just how long it takes for your brain to learn Spanish. Uh, to learn Chinese, you need to spend about 2,000 hours. So, yes, it works. And it works actually quite well with Dualingo, but you have to spend the time. Now what we do really well with Dualing is keeping you motivated so that you can continue spending the
