---
ticker: DUOL
type: youtube
title: "Duolingo and GenAI: Disruption or Opportunity? | The FI Ep.8"
channel: "Financial Independentist"
date: 2025-12-04
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y9kIhcDQyi8
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 19785
---

# Duolingo and GenAI: Disruption or Opportunity? | The FI Ep.8

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Financial Independentist
- **日期**: 2026-04-02
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y9kIhcDQyi8

## 转录全文

Welcome everyone. Thanks for joining another chapter of the financial independentist. Today we're going to do a deep dive in a company that has recently fallen out of favor with the market. That is Dualingo, the language learning app, or rather a global interactive education platform. In this video, we will take a look at Dualingo's business model, their financials, and whether the market is right in penalizing this company or if it's yet another inefficiency fueled by lack of understanding and short-term vision. Then I will be going over the CEO long-term strategy and finally I will discuss my game plan with respect to this company whether the stock is a good buy or not at today's prices. Dualingo is a small company trading at a market cap of $8.5 billion with over $1 billion in revenue gross margin of 32% and already profitable. The company is very well capitalized with over $1.1 billion in cash cash equivalents and short-term investments and virtually no depth. Dolingo stock has been flat over the last couple of years, but earlier this year it went up quite a bit during May and June time frame. However, the last couple of earnings releases, the market has been punishing the stock quite severely, losing all the gains and then some. In particular, the stock didn't do very well in the last earnings release when it collapsed from around $300 per share to around $180 per share. That's a 40% drop. In this video, we will take a closer look at this earnings release and we will try to understand what happened and whether the market is right in dumping this stock or we want to take a contrarian approach and see a great buying opportunity window. But before that, let me share a quick reminder that just a few days ago, we published a video analyzing one of the best companies you can own, American Express, doing a deep dive into their financials and business model. We put together a very detailed analysis that presents a compelling investment opportunity which I recommend you check it out link in the description below. And by the way, if you like this content, please make sure to hit the like button and subscribe right now. It really helps the channel grow and you'll even get better content in the future. Please also leave some comments below regarding Dualingo, whether you own shares and if you're bullish on the company. All right, let's get started. In the latest news report, Dualingo posted all-time record numbers in all metrics. Revenue for the quarter was $271 million, up 41% yearonear from $192 million just one year ago. That's a very strong number up there. Total bookings were almost $282 million, up 33% from the $211 million reported last year. The total bookings metric represents secure revenue earned at closing of the quarter, for example, to account revenue payments from subscriptions. While reported net income was $292 million, there was a distortion on this number caused by a one-time tax deferral benefit. So, we should instead look at the adjusted AIDA, which was $80 million, up 68% year-on-year from $47.5 million. There were two main factors for this improvement. First, as we discussed before, the revenue had also increased. But second, there was a substantial operating margin improvement from about 25% to almost 30%. Those are very strong numbers as well, and is a clear reflection that this company is a cash generating machine. Dualingo's revenue has two main components, subscription-based recurrent payments and all other revenue. This last component aggregates the distinct verticals. First, advertising income mainly from premium users. Second, payments from the Dualingo English test, which is a paid English professional proficiency exam already accepted in thousands of universities, colleges, and other institutions worldwide. And third, inapp currency purchases like gems, which can be used to acquire the foreign items and benefits on the app. Here we have a glimpse of what Dualingo management keeps iterating on, building more and more evergreen verticals, making them grow and making them profitable. We will discuss more on this later in this video. We see that about 85% of the revenue comes from pay subscribers which are growing at a very good rate and are the most recurrent forum revenue that Dualingo has. This is the highest quality form of revenue. If you trace back to 2020 and check the quarter revenue, we will find a very smooth and everinccreasing revenue ramp that goes up and to the right. This is the ideal figure any investor will love seeing in their company. And here we have it. revenues growing strong at about a 40% yearly rate which the company has been able to sustain or exceed for years. This is very impressive. The company also has a good history of free cash flow generation. And while there are some quartertoquarter swings such as the nature of free cash flow, we see a consistent pattern that also goes up and to the right. Particularly the free cash flow margin has been improving from single digit to over 30% as of now. The company also provided guidance for next quarter and for entire year 2025. While the numbers were strong, the market didn't like them too much and tanked the stock price. The main concerns were related to lower bookings unexpected and management strategic pivoting from direct monetization strategies to a long-term value creation that puts users under learning experience on top. We'll discuss this later in this video, but I think this was a clear inefficiency as market was blinded by short-term preference. Over time, this mistake will be corrected and investors buying at current prices will greatly benefit. In any case, Wilkins guidance for next quarter was about $332 million in the midpoint, which is crazy considering they just scored $282 million, an all-time high. So, the company is guiding for a record after record. And the market is selling the company. I don't see the point, so I'm a buyer. The company also guided for over $1 billion revenue for a year. This will be the very first year ever in scoring billionaire revenue. A very very big achievement. Dualingo is demonstrating strong economies of scale through its over 135 million monthly active users which are up 20% yearonear. Last quarter we observe a drop in the total number of monthly active users. The number of ma in Q1 was significantly elevated due to a viral social media marketing phenomenon called the duo campaign which drove a massive temporary search in new users. But of these new users were expected to churn in the following quarter, making the sequential comparison look like a decline. According to management, this decline was not a concern as the long-term trends and engagement metrics remain very healthy. This was confirmed in Q3 in which MAU's growth resumed to an all-time record high. Many called this dead duo campaign one of the most bizarre marketing events in recent years. Duo the all is Duolingo's beloved mascot and seeing it laying dead in your phone was not fun at all. From an investment perspective, this was just one of the many experiments management periodically runs, which should not have any meaningful impact in the long-term prospects of the company. Daily active users was over 50 million in the quarter, another all-time record high for the company and up 36% yearonear. In contrast to what we observed with MAUs, the DAUS have kept increasing quarter after quarter without stop and this time by a whopping 2.8 million new DAUs. In addition, we see how daily active users are growing faster than monthly active users which indicates the platform is becoming more engaging and sticky. If we compare both DAUs and MAUs, we see a very clear trend. users tend to use the platform more and more often from around 25% in 2021 to over 37% as of 2025. This is yet one more proof that the platform is sticky and makes users be willing to log in more often, further increasing its monetization capabilities. This is one of the company's modes. Dualingo offers both premium and premium user access. Premium users are a much more direct and recurrent form of monetization which makes them more interesting for the company. The number of paid users keeps increasing over time this quarter hitting yet another all-time record number of 11.5 million. To put this number in perspective, the DAUs are over 50 million and the MAUs are over 135 million. So the total paid users are just at 23% and an 8.5% of the DAU and the MAU respectively. This means there is a lot of room to grow the number of paid subscribers, which by the way, this last quarter grew 34% year-on-year. In particular, we usually refer as the subscriber conversion rate to the percentage of MAUs that are paid subscribers. As we mentioned before, this number is just 8.5% in this last quarter. But if you track down over the previous years, we see that this percentage has been increasing consistently up from 3%. This is a trend that we as investors like to see as it is a clear sign of users appreciating the platform and paying for it. There have been many concerns on whether the company could get disrupted with the rise of GNAI engines like Chat GPT or Gemini. In general, I find having doubts on this front more of a lack of understanding on the capabilities of both Dualingo's platform and of the LLMs. In reality, GNAI is not a disruptor, but in fact, it is a catalyst for Dualingo. The company is leveraging AI to scale content and deepen user engagement with LLM's viewed as a key strategic advantage by the management. Dualingo is now an AI native company. AI accelerates Dualingo's value creation process because it enables them to do far more in less time and at a much lower cost. Much content is now AI based either directly AI generated or AIdriven like interactive conversations with AI. This has boomed the number of offerings Duolingo has for users in this last year with over 150 new courses launched. A process that could require years of development per course not long ago. AI also enables Duolingo to run hundreds of experiments every quarter powered by the world's largest language learning data set to evaluate new forms of engaging with users, what they like and what they don't. This iterative process reinforces the content generation flywheel to a whole new level. The more users use the platform, the more the AI running in the back end will learn about them and about what teaching practices are more efficient. We should expect a progressive improvement of this product, part of it being autonomous. This has positioned Dualingo as the most used educational app globally by a large margin. So in conclusion, Dualingo is actually leveraging AI to strengthen its position and expand its total market. The company is the AI layer 2 play in the education industry. Chad GPT and other LLMs are a tailwind and not a headwind. In the end, these models are new and powerful tools available to Dualingo to work on and not a replacement of their platform. There is way too much value generated by Dualingo if we compare it with raw usage of LMS by the users. Sure, you can learn a few words by using Chad GPT, but you won't learn a language with it. CEO Luis Vonan summarizes this same mental framework quite elegantly during the Q3 2025 earnings call. &gt;&gt; You know in terms of the competitive land landscape uh uh you know I think people you know people say things like uh the two things that people say about the competitive landscape with AI are number one why would anybody want to learn a language with Dualingo when you can just learn it with ChachiPT. Um okay uh I you know we're not particularly worried about that. Um, you know, the we've said it before, the main thing that uh that we do really well, not only do we teach well, but the main thing that we do really well is keep people engaged. And in order to learn a language, you need to be engaged for years. Really, it takes years to learn a language coming every day. And we need to keep you engaged actually doing it. And not only that, we also need to have curriculum for years for you to do that. So, you know, with chat GPT, you can go there and you can ask it to teach you a few words here and there, but you know, it's not like you can have really curriculum for years um uh that that that teach that. So, we're not particularly worried about that aspect. And then the other thing that people uh you know have said that they're worried about is oh well, nobody's going to want to learn a language because um you know the we're going to have simultaneous language translation and okay. Um also not worried about that. Um, you know, I I believe in 100% of the Google IO conferences over the last 10 years, they have showcased simultaneous language translation. They do it every single year and it's good. It works. Uh, but this has been happening for the last 10 years and we have not seen the desire to learn a language go down at all. In fact, it has come up. Um, and I think the biggest reason for that is because if you look at our users, they fall into two two big categories. Uh, one big bucket is people who are learning a language as a hobby. It kind of doesn't matter whether a computer can do that. It's kind of the same with chess. By the way, computers are way better than humans at chess, but still, you know, we have millions of people wanting to learn chess that so it doesn't matter if it's a hobby. The other big group of people that are learning a language with us are people who are learning English and they actually want to learn English. Like that is, you know, for them, you know, being able to have like a phone that they have to hold out, it just kind of that's not what they what they want to do. So, we just we're not particularly worried about the that um it just so happens that uh people like to tweet about that, but we're not worried about it. In addition, management has shifted focus from straight monetization to long-term value creation in the form of new verticals like chess and on improvements to Dualingo's teaching capabilities. In fact, they are stating that they want Dualingo to be the best learning platform. Period. Every course is a new vertical that will remain evergreen with little maintenance. In the end, there is nothing new in the English language or in chess. And whenever there is an update needed, it can be done efficiently by leveraging AI. So, Dualingo is now putting their efforts in enhancing the learning experience, which will ultimately be the main component that makes the platform sticky. The CEO stated this strategy clearly in the last earnings call. Now, in terms of the metrics um that we're going to be looking for, certainly user growth is an important metric that we're going to be that we're really keyed in on right now. Probably the most important metric in the company. So, we're going to be looking at that a lot. Now the thing about improvements in teaching uh and this is what I was saying before they don't translate to user growth immediately because you know if you if you improve a course and it's much better over time maybe people are starting feeling that they're learning a little better so there's more retention or maybe there's more word of mouth because the people are saying like it really works for me let me tell you about it so it does translate we know that improvements in teaching do translate to user growth but it's not immediate uh and this is kind of what we mean by long-term You know what we're going to be looking at that there are things like just improvements in learning outcomes. We can measure uh how well people are learning. And the good news is that really almost every year since we started measuring that every year Duolingo is actually teaching better than the year before. We're probably going to see improvements in how well we teach move faster than in the past because we're taking it, you know, we're we're we're spending more effort on it. So, we're probably going to be seeing that and and our hypothesis, but it is a hypothesis that I very much believe in is that that will translate to user growth. It's just not going to be linear or quick. Still, in the monetization front, there are some levers management could pull to fastly increase it. For example, people doing two or more courses pay the same subscription than users doing one course. By having multiple pay subscription tiers associated to different number of courses, users can enroll. This seems like a quick and easy form of increasing revenue. Another possible new form of monetization could be to take advantage of their network effects. For example, make users learn together like PvP chess. A user can invite their friends to play together. This is a very strong network effect or for example for language learning via speaking with friends in a different language or with foreign students. This could be a gamecher because it is the first real social locking feature that made Facebook or Instagram unstoppable. the overall mode of the company will widen up. Management is aware of all these possibilities and still has decided to pursue a long-term growth approach which I agree is the best overall even if the market is penalizing the stock price in the short term. Dualingo is pivoting from aggressive user monetization to user growth. Management has reiterated this over the course of several earnings calls. They have the levers to sharply increase the monetization per user, but instead they prefer to offer more value to customers, make the platform stickier, and grow their user base. Short-term focused investors don't get it. The stock gets cheap for a few quarters, then explodes an order of magnitude higher once monetization kicks back in. With respect to valuation, I like to value Dualingo in terms of price to sales ratio given how recurrent is the revenue. As of today, Duolingo is at its all-time low valuation since its IPO back in 2021. In contrast, revenue per share keeps increasing over and over. So, all metrics go up and to the right to all-time record highs while valuation goes down to an all-time low. Okay, this is very interesting. Okay, so what's my game plan with Dualingo? Considering the investment thesis presented in this video, we see that Dualingo is a company with recurrent unpredictable revenue on its main platform with little to no competitors. The platform presents a very sticky business model that keeps stacking evergreen verticals that require little maintenance. Contrary to what the market thinks, GNAI is clearly a tailwind for a company that opens up plenty of additional forms of monetization, product improvement, and interactiveness, further enhancing the value provided to the users. And the cherry on top is that it is currently run by its founder and CEO Luis Vonan who is heavily vested in the success of the company and focused on the long term. Given all these reasons, we have currently rated Dualingo as a quality triple D company. That's the top investment level rating we give. We currently have about 1.2% of the fund in Dualingo, remain bullish in the company and are actively expanding the position at current prices. In our humble opinion, buying Dualingo at this price is a no-brainer that will pay off in the future. But how about you? Do you think Dualingo is a good company to add to your portfolio? Leave your comment below and we can discuss about it. All right, that's all for today. Just a quick reminder that this content is not financial advice. Please do let me know in the comment section below if you have Dualingo stock or you have plans to starting a position. And don't forget to like and subscribe. It helps us a lot in providing better and better content. Thank you very much for watching.
