---
ticker: DUOL
type: youtube
title: "Is AI Killing Duolingo? The Truth About DUOL Stock (Deep Dive)"
channel: "How to Invest"
date: 2026-02-06
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yS9suOOHLPA
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 48957
---

# Is AI Killing Duolingo? The Truth About DUOL Stock (Deep Dive)

## 视频信息
- **频道**: How to Invest
- **日期**: 2026-04-02
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yS9suOOHLPA

## 转录全文

Hello and welcome to How to Invest. In today's video, we're going to be talking about Dual Lingo Stock. Yes, we everyone's favorite duo, the Owl. We're going to be talking about his company today. Um, I'm sure most of you guys know what Dual Lingo does. It's just a little app on your phone that helps you learn new languages. Now, it's starting to do a lot more than just that, and we're going to talk about that today. Um, but yes, we're going to go through the spreadsheet, talk about uh the bull case, the bare case, look at some numbers, and just kind of assess whether or not uh we believe that Duelingo is an interesting investment. And then I'm also going to pull in some information again from Peter Lynch. I've done this once before, just kind of reading some excerpts from his book. um and just maybe some more broader lessons we can learn from uh Peter Lynch this the scenario with Dualingo about uh investing more in general. A little bit about me, I am a stock analyst for a holding company with over 10 million of assets under management as well as my own personal $150,000 portfolio. Just so you guys know, we are not certified financial advisors. This video is not financial advice. All investments carry risk. You are solely responsible for your investments. We encourage everyone to do their own due diligence and research. We have a high risk tolerance and a long investment horizon. This video reflects our opinions only at the time of recording and are for educational and entertainment purposes only. The synopsis, I think most of us already know what Dualingo is, but yeah, it's a it's a language learning website and mobile app in the United States and then also operates uh internationally as well. Um, and they offer 40 different languages courses, uh, including a multitude of languages, and I think it may even be more than that now. Um, it also provides a digital language proficiency, uh, assessment exam, um, which is accepted by actually tons and tons of universities across the world and institutions. Um, and we'll we'll talk a little bit more about that later as well. So, the company's mission is to develop the best education in the world and to make it universally available. Now, it's really interesting already starting from here, they're talking about the best education, not just the best language education. And that is already starting to form what is the bull thesis for Dualingo, which is that they continue to expand their incredible like uh very engaging language courses that they've created and and move them on past just languages to uh math and science and those type of things as well. um and maybe eventually become like the de facto hub for education uh universally like this is potentially going to be disrupting like K through2 um you know junior colleges universities like that's kind of like where the bulk thesis really takes you um obviously they're a long way off from that but you know with this company mission you know they're really taking that kind of uh focus themselves as well um so yeah so to bring personalized fun education to everyone So uh that's another definitely big aspect of it is people learn very very differently and that's a very hard thing for let's say teachers to do uh even teachers of like language courses now if we really take it to what they're already doing not just uh we we'll we'll focus mainly on what their product currently is and not so much of what it will become right so uh we'll we'll keep it localized to languages for now though they do already offer math and music courses as well uh and as well as chess which one of their fastest scaling courses they've ever created. Um, but yeah, they could bring personalized fun education to everyone as part of their mission as well. So, uh, in a in a classroom with, you know, 15, maybe even 30 students, it's really hard for a teacher to really focus on each individual person and because people learn so differently from each other, uh, you know, what is good for the majority of people may be really bad a bad way of learning for the minority of people and so they kind of get left behind. their education isn't really as good for them because it's just taught in a way that's not uh good for them to learn because again people learn so differently. So what Dolingo can do and this is why a AI is a huge tailwind for Dolingo is because it can make that personalized for each and every person and they are collecting tons of data on how people interact with their apps, their courses, all that kind of stuff. So uh I really view uh you know AI as a tailwind. Uh there's a huge narrative around Dualingo that AI is a headwind and that basically AGI is going to make their app uh abso obsolete. I'm going to address that as well because I've done some testing myself. U I've done languages language courses at university. Uh I've done language courses through another course that I purchased. I've done it through Dualingo and then I've also tried to learn languages using LLM. So I'm going to talk about my experience there a little bit as well. So um I yeah so bringing that personalized education is going to make education so much more effective. Um but yeah personalized education um yeah they basically their goal is to give a private tutor experience to every person on the planet through technology. So uh it I think that is a really exciting what they're trying to do. It's a a really huge mission, right? Because education matters so much for, you know, people's ability to succeed in life. So, I I really love this company's mission. Uh they also try to make learning fun, which if you've ever used the Dualingo app, you totally know it's a blast. They they do a lot with gamification uh and engagement. So, you can continue learning and and it's really fun. It doesn't feel like a slog. It doesn't feel like you're sitting, you know, back in a class uh at college or in high school or whatever. So they do a really good job of that as well. Universally accessible. Yeah. Again, they really want to, you know, make this uh affordable and accessible to everyone no matter which country they come from. Uh you know, rich or poor. So again, really, really cool mission. I I love what, you know, the kind of founder what he's trying to accomplish. Uh both the founders. So we'll talk about the founders in a second, but yeah, the product uh they currently have the number one language learning app. Um, they also do the math, music, and chess classes like I said. Um, it is highly rated. Uh, 4.7 stars on the App Store. So, people love this app. Um, and then it also has like way more reviews than any of the other language apps on the App Store. Um, so just like way more traction than any of the other ones as well. I think part of that is just kind of like uh the accessibility and like the bite-sized aspect of the the lessons that Dualingo does. Um, so like I I bought the Rocket uh languages French course. Um, and to do one lesson takes anywhere from 20 to 30 minutes. So that's like a pretty big commitment when you're trying to learn a language and you still have, you know, work and you want to go to the gym and you have a social life. Like it's really hard to fit a 20 30 minute language course uh into your life. Whereas Dualingo, it it really allows you to get like two like two to maybe five, six minutes um and and do like really good language learning in those two to five six minutes. Now, there's definitely been some criticism about like how good Duelingo is at actually teaching the languages and management has really uh addressed that especially for like after you get past the beginner stage getting into more like intermediate uh type uh level uh proficiency in certain languages like Duolingo historically had kind of fallen off. That has definitely changed and and management is addressing that directly. um they have that intermediate now uh in their courses and they are they're aware that that is still a narrative that you know it's just for beginners and then after you get past your beginner uh proficiency you should stop using Dualingo and you should go move on to something else like they know that that's a narrative they've fixed the product so that's not any that's not true anymore and now they're also trying to change the narrative which I think is another you know bull case for Dualingo um but yeah just keep going uh on here other language apps have similar reviews 4.6 to 4.8 uh stars as well, but far fewer reviews. Um, but yeah, that's a little bit about the product. Um, and again, yeah, they're just going to continue making the product bigger and bigger. Um, they have different tiers. So, they have we'll talk about the business model real quick. So, the business model is like a premium type business model. It's what it's called. It's basically free with ads. Um, plus you can pay for out powerups without paying for a subscription if you want. Um, but there are subscriptions without ads and additional features and two tiers which is super and max. So super takes away the ads. They take away like the energy restraint and that kind of stuff. So you can just really go uh without any kind of restraints. Keep learning for as much as you want every single day um without you know running out of energy or whatever. Um it has a couple additional features as well. Obviously no ads. And then there's the tier above that which is the max tier um which they're they've put out. It's been super successful so far. Um, especially with English learners. Um, but basically that is like the personalized tutor. So they are uh doing like exactly what they're talking about in their mission. Uh, you are able to do a real time generative AI conversation with a basically uh customized uh tutor for your language. So um it's been super effective. They've seen really good traction with it so far. But that is like exactly the kind of uh like jump in education that we need to kind of like make education so much better than it is currently with you know schools being super impacted with way more students than teachers. Like AI is literally solving that and Dualingo understands that and is literally already implementing it into its product and seeing success. Um and they're just continuing to iterate on it and making it better, you know, lower latency. um adding features like the I think the person you talk to is Lily. If you've ever used the app, you know she's kind of like the depressed emo girl who doesn't really care. Very fun character. Um even though despite her demeanor is sad or whatever. But yeah, she she they do very playful stuff at Dualingo as well, which I really really like. But they're trying to add features where her background changes. So maybe the background changes to a cab and now you role play talking to a cabbie. um and just like uh meeting you where you are also in your language proficiency. So um and this is where the personalized aspect comes in like some people only know 20 words. So it's like really hard to actually use that in practice um in a very personalized way. So uh the personalization is really really important for that tutor to work as well. And they're expanding those capabilities right now. like if you're learning English and let's say you're a native like Korean speaker or something, it will only speak to you in English at the moment. Um, but they're aware of that. So, they want to make it so that it can speak in English and Korean and really help you learn more English words um and speak in both languages if you only really are a beginner and only know 20 words. So, they're they're expanding this feature a ton. It's going to be really excellent in the future. I think I didn't explain it maybe the best here, but hopefully you get a little bit of idea of just how amazing that that could become. Um, and now you're probably thinking to yourself like, wait, why wouldn't like an AGI or LLM be able to do that. U, I'll talk about that a little bit uh in the bull case, but uh, trust me, we're going to come back around to that because that's the huge fear for Dualingo at the moment. Talking about the uh, founders, there is Luis and Seon. Um, this is really the first thing that they've done. So, they are not serial unicorn founders, but they have founded Duelingo, and it is a unicorn. Um, and just listening to them talk, you can tell that they're, you know, they really know what they're doing. They're really passionate about what they do, and then they've built a really good team around them. Um, so a little bit more about them, though, specifically. Um, well, this is a good note about Luis. He actually did build the uh Recapture uh in 2007, um, and sold it to Google in 2009. Um, but it wasn't a billion-dollar company and there isn't specifics on how much it was sold for, but what from what I was be able to find, uh, from what I was able to find online, it sold for somewhere between 10 million and 100 million. So, he he has built products before and done it successfully. Now, this is really his first big thing, but it's been super super successful. U, you know, Duelingo has, you know, 100 million plus users. Um and so yeah, they've just done a really really excellent job with Duelingo and I think that they've proven themselves to be proficient founders, not necessarily through previous uh endeavors, but definitely through this endeavor itself. So um and then Seon um he is more just like has a background in computer science and that kind of stuff and then ended up being the co-founder with Luis. I don't know as much about him. Um but yeah, they're they're both very technical. They know what they're talking about. They both are passionate about teaching languages. Um I I know this is true for Luis, but I'm not sure if it's true for Seon as well, but English is also neither of their first languages. So they had to learn English. Um and so they really knew know the importance of learning English. Uh it opens up a ton of economic opportunities to learn English as a second language. So they kind of another reason why they are so passionate and kind of wanted to build out a language learning app that was super accessible uh for so many way more people. Um, okay. Now, let's talk about the bare case. And this is a huge kind of looming cloud over Dualingo for a lot of investors. And that is that LLMs are making learning apps useless because it can already teach uh because LLMs and eventually hi will be able to teach you uh anything in your preferred learning style and be a personal tutor. Um, and that Dualingo is basically just a wrapper for an LLM. Um, and that's not that useful. I will say from my own personal experience uh at least in the current state trying to learn a language with chatbt does not work at all. I was in voice mode talking to chatbt. I was like okay I uh you know I'm kind of beginner French and I want to continue to learn um you know more French. And the chatb was like okay I'm going to assess your uh ex ass assess your ability. Um and I was like okay great. And then the chat chichi said, "All right, so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna ask you h a word and I want you to tell me what the word is in French." And I said, "Okay, great." And he's like, "All right, are you ready for me to ask you the word and then you give it back to me in in in French?" And I was like, "Yes, I'm ready. Ask me." All right, I'm going to like literally like this is the conversation I was having with ChatBT. Like it just wasn't pushing forward. I I like it was not assessing. And then when I finally got it to ask me a question, it asked me like two separate words and then moved on to the next part of the assessment. Like it was not thorough. It was not like planned at all. And this is what Dualingo really does is like even teachers need a course. You don't just show up with the teacher, which is, you know, kind of here the the the equivalent of an AGI and start teaching a language. No, you need some kind of structure around it. uh far beyond just having an intelligence that knows the both languages to teach the student. You need to have a structure. You need to have a plan. And like if you ask like an LLM to make a plan, it can't follow the plan currently. Um and like that plan maybe doesn't have all of the the data points that Dualingo has. So yeah, we we'll continue talking about it in the bull case. So, um, and then in the bull case, this idea of AI being a headwind gets completely flipped around cuz I really think this is this is the better way of thinking of it, which is that AI is actually a tailwind for Duolingo. Trying to learn a language, like I was saying through chat, GBT voice is terrible right now. It's absolutely terrible experience. Um, and Dolingo's gamification of education and its data mode is only enhanced by AI, allowing them to have more and better features. And on top of that, it's allowing them to ship new courses way way faster. So, um, last year or two years ago now and in 2024, they shipped 7,500 content units. And that's up from 425 units in 2021. So, in a matter of 3 years, they like I don't know what is that like a 15x the amount of units they're coming out with. Um, so it's allowing them to create units way way faster. um they were talking about even for chess the people that were were that came up with the idea and built the prototype weren't even technical. So they had no programming ability. They didn't even know how to play chess before but through AI they were able to work with it and to build the prototype for the chess and then they were able to give it you know more probably to a more technical team and from there they were able to launch it within a year of prototype to launch like super super I think it was even faster than that I can't remember the exact timeline for that product cycle but it's speeding up product cycles within Dualingo and you know it's m allowing them to do things like their max tier where you have a generative AI real real like time tutor to help you to speak French, to listen to French or or whatever language. French in my case. I I'm going to say French maybe a couple more times here because that's, you know, specific to me. That's the second language that, you know, I've been learning over I don't know, maybe almost 10 years now. Um, and I'm still basically a beginner. And that's mostly just me because I haven't been able to focus on it a ton. But, um, yeah. So, that that applies to all languages, not just French. the tutor can literally help you with any language that you want to learn. Um, on top of that, they're testing 750 plus AB tests per quarter. So, that's just a lot of like very specific data that's proprietary to Dualingo that's going to really entrench their moat that like these LLMs, these generic LLMs don't have at all. And this is true for like I'm seeing this across a bunch of industries. So, um, for example, like HIMS, one of their competitors is called Superpower. Um, I watched an interview with the CEO of Superpower and he was like, "Yeah, we're using AI in our business, but like you can't just use a generic AI to help give like health advice." Like there's so much customization and like proprietary data that we use in combination with like the foundation models to actually be able to create a product that's good and not like garbage. Like, so you can't just like, oh, you know, LLM are going to basically eat everything. Like these these base models are eventually going to eat everything. Like no, there's a lot of proprietary data in this world and there's a lot of like in the same idea of Dualingo like you need to make it structured like give some amount of structure to the the LLMs and eventually AGI for them to be super super effective. Like I guess it's this idea of orchestration. You're going to have to orchestrate them um in order to really have them to be super effective at doing a specific thing probably for a really long time. So, um, yeah, I I don't think that this is a threat in the next 5 years, maybe not the next 10 years. Um, and maybe not for even the next 20 years. Like there's going to be a lot of really important proprietary data and structuring that's going to make these, you know, foundation models even better than the AGI AGI models themselves. And if you can add a bit of value, you know, why would I go to the AGI when I can go to the the best product for learning a language or for learning, you know, math and music and chess? Like, I'm still going to go to Dualingo. So, all right. Um, continue on the bull case. They continue to entrench themselves as the standardizer of language proficiency metrics as they have already created a test that is accepted by thousands of institutions. So this is another thing that is really exciting around Dualingo is like they're there's like the you know 1B 2B like there's like this current kind of standardized proficiency system um but they're kind of creating their own like parallel so it's it's like comparable certain levels are like comparable to the certain level on the other system but they're creating their own like st their own system for language proficiency and that is already being accepted by institutions so like if they can do it with language I could definitely see them doing it for other courses as well. So, why can't they basically make a high school or GED efficient like equivalent certification as well? So, I can go download Dualingo's app, you know, study it for a year as I'm working, doing anything else, and at the end of the year, they will be able to issue me something that is the equivalent to a high school diploma, and I can use that to go apply to universities. And then you just keep moving up the chain from there. I I eventually make courses that are equivalent to an associates degree and then eventually I make like this is literally we already seeing them making these certifications for their language courses. So it's a very you could see where this is going for literally certifications in any field that they want to teach on their platform. So really exciting as well. Um another thing that is a huge tailwind for Dualingo is that they are pretty big in China and India. China is especially interesting to me at least because I know a lot of American tech companies are like not able to operate in China, but Dualingo seems to have no problem to be able to operate in China, which is like a massive like addressable market. It's I think one in eight people on planet Earth are Chinese. Um, and then probably I think about the same for India. One in eight people are Indian. So like these are two massive markets that really want to learn English because English is kind of the international language of business and learning that opens a lot of opportunities in your life and the one course that you know Dualingo's really done a ton of work on is English. So and they represent like they've have very low penetration still in all of the markets. Um and so there's so much room for them to grow. There's so many more students for them to get onto their platform. So I think there's still so much a market for them to capture value to provide. So um yeah uh yeah they have an incredible marketing engine. I think that's another big part of the bullcase. They have an incredible ability to just go absolutely viral. Um [laughter] end of last year I think there was the huge like duo the owl. He like faked his own death and then it became like a meme across like Tik Tok and Instagram. And so you had this a bunch of like organic content that Duelingo didn't even have to pay for that was also basically promoting Dualingo. Um, so that was a huge tailwind for Dualingo. And they just have a great marketing engine that allows them to continue to do stuff like that. So I I definitely would not be surprised if we see Duo the Owl or Lily or any of their other teachers go super viral in the future again. And whenever that happens, there's just like a massive like influx of users on their platform because everyone's like seeing these funny videos and they know about Dualingo and they go redownload the app. Um, and if they continue make the product better, you know, a lot of those users stick, they they, you know, convert into paying uh customers. They subscribe. Um, and and then they get real value back, right? Because they're an education platform, so they learn a new language. Um, so it's just a really cool system. And yeah, it's it's largely enabled by their marketing engine. Um, all right. And then the one last bull case is there is currently an Apple ruling uh that uh it's about the app store. App store takes a lot of the subscription revenue or purchase revenue uh of apps that are downloaded through the app store. I think something like 40%. Absolutely crazy. Um, there was this ruling between Apple and Epic Games, I think, that basically said that uh you're allowed to uh advertise for people to go to your website instead of paying through Apple and then you would basically avoid the 40% tax by Apple for the subscription. So, if Dualingo is able to do that um as subscriptions turn because they usually sell them for a year um then they're going to start doing that now. They have lawyers. They're still figuring out. They talked about in the last quarter. So, this is something that's still developing, but the bullcase argument here is that Dualingo actually starts sending a lot of their users to subscribe through the website instead of through like the app itself on their iPhone where basically they become they're outside of Apple's ecosystem for that subscription and they don't have to pay that 40% tax to Apple and that would have meaningful tailwind for their free cash flow, for their gross profit, that kind of stuff. So, um yeah, that's kind of the bullcase really. the bare case, it doesn't really stand for me. So, I just think this is such a kind of a not necessarily a sure deal, but like I'm very very confident in this company is going to succeed in the future. And they're an incredibly fast grower. Um, I think they are growing somewhere around 40% trailing 12 months. Uh, uh, yeah, 40% growth this last quarter, year-over-year. Um, it they have been de accelerating recently and I think that trend will probably continue. Um but yeah, their revenue growth is is very consistent and strong. Their free cash flow per share growth is very consistent. Their shareholder equity is growing exponentially actually, which is really cool to see. Um which means they're retaining a lot more of their earnings. So it's maybe indicative of uh well they're just an asset light business, right? So as they uh especially as they integrate AI, they automate more. They're basically selling something that has zero marginal cost to sell. So they just very almost no they they don't have to pay for anything like capital expenditure. So all of that just kind of piles up on their balance sheet. So their balance sheet is just like growing exponentially. Um so yeah very very good to see. They have an incredible track record of execution. They've beat three of the last four quarters. Um and the latest of which was a massive beat. Um and the quarter they missed was just barely. Now, the quarter that was a massive beat was due to a one-time I believe it was as some kind of like tax refund that like absolutely exploded their their net margin from like 13% to 40% and they like showed more net income than even they had revenue. I can't no that would make sense if their net margin was 40%. But like yeah, they it it's not indicative of what their typical net margin would be. Um, and I think that's another reason why their their trailing 12-month PE ratio is also so low. It's currently like 18 price toearnings ratio, but last quarter was that one off like basically 40% net margin um quarter because they had that tax refund. And I I don't think that's going to be typical for Dualingo. Um, but yeah, the there I wish the management would give more guidance because it is really hard to kind of model out this company when there is so limited management guidance. Um, but yeah, because they really only do it one year at a time. So maybe this next quarter, Q4, they'll give us guidance for 2026, which would be really nice. Um, and I'll be able to update the modeling after then, but since we don't have that, a lot of my modeling is based off of kind of like analysts and like looking at past revenue growth metrics and kind of continuing the de acceleration curve type of thing. Um, we'll see that in a second, but yeah, how will they achieve this growth? again AI allowing them to want launch more courses faster with better features across you know more education verticals they just continue to do that improve the product uh improve retention lower costs for different subscriptions right because uh demand is is elastic and it kind of reacts to price as you lower price you unlock a lot more demand and so maybe your margin compresses a little bit but I mean if the cost the cost of AI is also coming down so like there's so many tailwinds for this company um So, as the cost of AI, generative AI goes down, they'll be able to lower the cost of their max subscription, so way more people can subscribe and that will, you know, greatly increase the number the the the total amount of gross dollars that they're they're making. Um, currently at the end of today, which is January 30th, they have a 6 basically $2 billion market cap. Um, and that is way down from all-time highs. They have taken a huge, huge slash in their market cap. And I guess that's a really good time to bring up uh what I kind of highlighted from Peter Lynch. Um and this is another reason why I think like you you can find a really great company and it can still be a terrible investment if you pay too much for it. Um so I'm just going to read what Peter Lynch says, which is a price drop in a good stock is only a tragedy if you sell at that price and never buy more. Um, so I love seeing people like Antonio Lonaire's like he doesn't look at valuation metrics very often if if not at all. He just really buys based off of quantitative and I think he's going to do really well for it. Though I do think he could do a little bit better if he just added a a little bit of valuation metrics to kind of his investing framework. Um uh because this is again I'm going to read another quote from Peter Lynch in his book OneUp on Wall Street. He also says the best time to buy stock will always be the day you're convinced yourself you found a solid merchandise. So a great company which is is Antonio does this really well. He is a really good qualitative analysis uh analyst like he finds really really good companies but the part that he ignores from Peter Lynch is he says you found solid merchandise at a good price. So just because you found a great company doesn't mean it's a great time to buy if it's not at a good price. And that's why something like Duolingo is really interesting as as a case study because it's fallen like 80%. So for us here at How to Invest after it's had its massive drop in stock price, we perked up because, you know, we're hearing people like Antonio Lener say, "Hey, this is a really good company." And we take we put a lot of weight in his word because we we think he does do really good qualitative analysis. And now the stock's fallen a bunch. Now we're like, okay, this could be really good merchandise at a great price. So I think adding both of those pieces together is really, really important. Uh, another example of this could be Tesla. Like Tesla we believe is an absolutely phenomenal company, has one of the best entrepreneurs leading it with Elon Musk. Um, has incredible like fundamental story going forward. Um, but it has a terrible price. It's way too expensive. It's like 109 times sales. um like 350 times earnings. So, it's great merchandise, but at a really bad price. I have a list for me personally of companies that I want to buy. I've done the research on them. I know they're great merchandise, but they're at they're too expensive for me personally to think that they're a good investment. And so, I watch them. I watch for a dip in stock price. And if I see that stock price, I already know it's great merchandise and I'll be ready to buy then. So like don't FOMO into a company just because you know it's a really good company. Like valuation really matters in when you're making investments to have a really good return. Like again Palunteer is another example. Um really great company, fantastic fundamentals, way too expensive to be like in my opinion like a really good investment. Uh another company we even covered here was Oddity. When I covered that stock, our 5-year modeling was for it to be like a 4x or something in the next 5 years. Since then, the stock price has fallen quite a bit. Even since then, I think maybe almost 25%, maybe not so much. Not quite so much, but now it's turned into like an 8x in our 5-year. So, now it's a great merchandise at a uh a good price. So, remember to keep valuation metrics in mind. Like if you find a really good company and you know you're doing your modeling, you're looking at the trailing metrics and it just doesn't look like a great evaluation, put it in a want to buy list. Don't buy it yet. Wait for a dip in the stock. Um because there will always be volunt volatility and and maybe the dip never comes and you miss out on that opportunity. And that's okay because in investing you don't have to swing at every ball that comes your way, right? And using a baseball uh kind of uh metaphor, um you can let some balls fly past you. You don't have to swing at everyone. It's not three strikes and you're out. Like it's not a game of baseball. You can wait until that perfect ball comes. That's that great merchandise at a great price and swing at that one. So, uh just keep that in mind. There are there's, you know, 4,000 publicly listed companies in the United States. There's hundreds of good ones. There's, you know, tens of great ones. And at any given day, depending on what the market is deciding to do in its short-term voting machine, there's going to be great deals that are really good buys and really good investments. So, make sure to to practice some patience. Um, looking at going back to Dualingo and looking at their assets and liabilities, um, they have 2.4 billion in assets, uh, and almost 900 million in cash and then 1.6 billion in liabilities and 400 million of that is current. So, really strong kind of balance sheet here. a lot more cash than current liabilities um and almost half as much cash as their total liabilities and far more assets than liabilities almost by a billion dollars. So really good balance sheet. Um they've yeah one they're going to break $1 billion in revenue probably this next quarter. Um that's the estimate there 1.03 billion. Um they have really good gross margins 72%. This has been declining a little bit. Um but I I I would expect in the future as they continue to experience this tailwind from AI gross margins are going to increase. Um net profit margin trailing 12 months is again uh not correct. So actually I think that is correct. They literally had more net income than net revenue for this last quarter and that's why their trailing 12 month. Yeah. Okay. This is making sense to me now. I'm remembering their trailing 12 month net margin is 40%. But that is not indicative of what their terminal net margin is going to be. Their net trailing 12-month net margin before Q3 uh in Q2 was like 13.5%. So um for their type of margins they have I could see them getting up to like 25. I think in our base case we have them getting up to 30% net margins. We're also assuming gross margins going to increase too. Um but yeah, lots of really good operating cash flow, really good free cash flow. Uh we'll look at some of these other metrics a bit later. Um talking about the total addressable market, the total addressable market for uh education is currently 8 trillion. So they are fighting for a huge prize that's including like K through 12, you know, probably preschools, uh you know, university and colleges, all the different types of language courses. Like this is a huge huge pie that they're fighting for. And I think they have a really really good chance to win. Their current revenue of 1 billion is just a small small piece of that. Um, so the market growth rate really slow. This is exactly what you want to see. This is a company disrupting a really old like kind of slow slow growing boring market. Like education um, for the most part is like a boring market, you know. Um, nothing that exciting is happening there. There's not a bunch of new startups, that kind of stuff. Like this is exactly what we want to see. This is very similar to the lemonade case where you had lemonade uh disrupting like a eight I think uh insurance like 10 trillion or something. Uh probably right here I have it in the spreadsheet. Yeah, 10 trillion. Um really slow growing a bunch of old legacy incumbents. It's literally the exact same situation. You have this new technology startup coming in to disrupt these really really old legacy incumbents in a really huge but slow growing industry. Those are really really good companies that like that's like the exact setup you want to see like boring industry uh legacy incumbents like this is where big big fortunes are made and there's not a lot of competition like everyone and their mom is building basically a new chip company and a new neocloud and they're building a new like aentic AI startup. So, like that's where there's tons of competition in these kind of old industries um that a new company comes in and disrupts. There's very very little competition and the competition they're competing against is like really slow, really old, has tons of tech debt, tons of bureaucracy. They're like uh like very stiff and inelastic to changes. Um this is exactly the type of uh industry you love to see a company come and disrupt and to be invested in that company that's disrupting that industry. They do have some other competitors. Um these are more specifically for only uh basically language though. Rosetta Stone, Babel, Pimpsler. Um there are some other ones too like Brilliant teaches math. Um Pearson does a lot of different educational things but that's a bit of an older uh company. These are just publicly listed ones. Uh technically Google they offer like some uh system admins and cyber security certifications. So like eventually Duelingo could even be competing with them with their own cyber security certification and that kind of stuff. So um and I also have that comparable companies are also elementary schools, high schools, colleges, universities because these are all companies that Dualingo absolutely can come in and disrupt. So what is Dolingo's moat though compared to all of these companies? Part of it is a a network effect. So each user that joins um Dualingo gives Duelingo more data. the more data they have, the better product they can create. The better product they can create, the more users they bring on, and the more users, more data, better product. So, there's a kind of a flywheel there. Um, so they could definitely get the best network effect in terms of like personalized education, the best AI tutor, the the best courses that help people, you know, accelerate their learning the most, that kind of stuff. Um, yeah. So, yeah, the more users, the the more improvement on the app, better education results, better product, more users, etc. Um they're also a a disruptive business model. They have a a much lower cost producer because these uh tutors are AI instead of people. The cost to you know have a personal tutor is way less. Um a personalized teacher right professors make hundreds of thousands of dollars. An AR tutor is just the cost of compute which is going to be far far lower. So they also have the moat of being the lowest cost producer. um they are much cheaper than normal education and tutors, right? A a PhD or like a master's degree or a bachelor's degree, right? Some of these elite universities charge you like 40 50k a year, sometimes even more than that. Um and you can get Dualingo for like $10 a month. That's the subscription cost. So eventually as they move into these things and allow actually start uh issuing certifications for this like it's going to be so much cheaper to get your education through Dolingo than the traditional education system. Um and it's also going to be not to mention like a way better product way more fun way more engaging all that kind of stuff as well. Um they have the best marketing uh engine. Uh duel is the yeah talked about duo the owl already. Um yeah product comparison far cheaper than school and uni. They have similar price similar pricing to most language learning apps but um just a way bigger innovation engine than them um and they also have a similar or better reviews than those other apps as well. So u PSU which is Pearson they have a$8 billion which is you know it's not exactly comparable. I I really think Duelingo could become a trillion plus dollar market cap especially if they really take a meaningful share of that $8 trillion addressable market. Like even if they take 1/8 of that have a billion dollars in revenue or sorry a trillion dollars in revenue and they're maybe trading at a four or five six times uh price to sales you know that makes them like a five6 trillion company. Um and now this is thinking more probably like 20 30 40 years out but that's the type of magnitude that I definitely think Dolingo is capable of achieving. Um yeah, talking about margins uh a bit. So software is usually around 70 to 90% gross margins and 15 to 40% net margins. Um so yeah, we definitely think there's some room for improvement in the kind of gross margins and uh I think maybe even our base case net margins are a little low revisiting this because again AI is going to make these margins even better and especially better for companies that adapt them sooner. um and that that will be competed away a little bit over time, but yeah, I think these margins are going to be really really excellent. Um yeah, these are the typical industry. So, getting into some of the kind of modeling, we're just going to go over the 5-year real quick. Um so, basically analyst the bare case is just based off of analyst expectation and then a bit of a de acceleration. So, you can see that uh 2026 23% is analyst consensus and then kind of de accelerating to 15% in 2030. Our base case is 27%. So that's 5% better than what analysts expect and we think this is very possible. They're growing at 40% year-over-year currently. So that's still quite a bit uh quite a huge de acceleration. So it could be meaningfully higher than this and decelerating to 20% by 2030. And then our bullcase um just barely decelerating a bit from their current revenue growth rate to 35% and this should probably be a little bit higher. 32% 30 28 decelerating to 25% by 2030. and and any new course like chess that just absolutely blew up, any new kind of education vertical that could blow up could meaningfully re-acelerate growth as well. So definitely keep that in mind. Um I think their fiveyear reasonable 5year net margin they get to is 20% from the current 14% uh in the bare case. Uh in the base case I think they can really get to 20% in five years if they focus on that. Um management kind of changes their focus a little bit. So they improve one thing, they really hone in and focus on that, improve it, and then they move on to another. A big reason for the sell-off was that basically management was like, "We see such a huge opportunity with AI tutors. We're going to stop focusing on like monetizing the app to make like a really good product." And because Wall Street is so shortsighted and does cannot even think past like the next couple of quarters at the most, they're like, "Oh, they're stopped focusing on revenue. that means they're gonna this company is going to go to crap and uh we're all going to sell and that's why you saw this huge drop off when literally they're saying like we're going to make like the best education product ever in history like that's so exciting like in terms of what disruption that can cause and Wall Street's over here selling off the stock but as retail investors and as people who you know as we should listen to Peter Lynch like we should see those as huge gifts and those are really only a tragedy these massive falls in stock prices are only a tragedy if you're a net seller. If you're a net buyer of these stocks, huge sell-offs like that, it is a massive gift. It's a fire sale and that's exactly when you should be buying up tons and tons of shares. Um, in our bull case, they get to 25 uh% net margin. And then again, our uh pees are kind of based off of Grams uh two times next 10 years average growth plus 8.5. Um, all right. So, final buy checklist. They are innovative. Yes. Uh they're definitely innovating uh around education a ton. They are generational leader. They're the best language education mark uh product in the market. They have really good fundamentals. Uh like I was saying, balance sheets, margins, growth. It's still founder run. It's more than 10% insider own. They're disrupting a massive massive uh kind of slow growth industry. I think it is very likely that they get 30% plus returns. They are currently very undervalued. Um it's a little bit skewed, but yeah, I mean, if you look at the price to earnings ratio of, you know, 18, uh I you do still have to consider that this last quarter had that one time off, but super super undervalued when they're growing at 40% and they're trading at 18 times earnings. Like that's absolutely ca crazy. Um there's not net insider buying the last 12 months as far as I can tell, but it's not as big of a deal. Um and I would absolutely be fine going into a coma for the next 10 years owning this company. Um like I would wake up and I think I would be far better off, you know, just having held it for 10 years. So it gets a 90 out of 100 for our uh kind of final buy checklist. Real quick, we'll go to the charts. So with that kind of base case, it is only a 4.4x in our 5-year, which does mean there are some other ones that are meaningfully higher. But just remember how big of a pie they're fighting for that this is base case is assuming a massive de acceleration from their current revenue growth rate of I think it was 40% um and they were doing like 45%. they they're really not decelerating this fast. So, I think a base case is still a bit conservative. My brother um who's kind of the leader of the kind of managing the the main uh how to invest portfolio thinks the base the bare case is a lot more likely. And in the bare case, that's a 8.5x. So, if you look at a 8.5x compared to our other uh ones here in the base case, that's a lot more comparable within like the margin of error for returns of some of the best stocks that we know about at the moment. Um and then yeah, when you look at like a price to look through earnings ratio, they're they're basically trading at, you know, 18 as well, which is their trailing. Yeah, they're just really cheap to trailing metrics to look through metrics. Um we'll look at their kind of uh revenue to growth rate here. Dueling a little bit higher um but still kind of close to path, which we think is another really excellent company um for gross profit. Um, so yeah, a little elevated here as well, but yeah, you just have to remember that this is assuming a lot lower growth rate than because this is this calculated based off of the um base case growth rate, which is just like slightly above what analysts are expecting. And that would really again be assuming like a really huge de acceleration in revenue, which like we don't really have a reason to believe. just everyone on Wall Street's freaking out because management saying, "Oh, we're going to focus on building tutors and like really good AI products instead of focusing on revenue." Uh, but in reality, having the best product is what drives me uh like meaningful revenue growth. So, um I think this should be meaningfully lower if we assumed like the the uh the bullcase kind of growth revenue for the next year. But um yeah, I I hoped you learned a lot not just about Dualingo, but how to invest in general. I'm going to keep referencing Peter Lynch more and more in future videos because I think he is such a good resource um for uh learning how to be a really good uh investor. So, recommend you go read his book. Um I appreciate your time and for watching. Uh make sure to leave a like and subscribe for more videos like this in the future. Uh, and have a wonderful, wonderful
