---
ticker: DUOL
type: youtube
title: "The Market Gave Up on Duolingo… Should It Have?"
channel: "StockStudy"
date: 2026-02-12
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6xhkAXpZ14
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 32117
---

# The Market Gave Up on Duolingo… Should It Have?

## 视频信息
- **频道**: StockStudy
- **日期**: 2026-04-02
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6xhkAXpZ14

## 转录全文

Dualingo is now down over 80% from its all-time highs. The market has decided this story is done. Dualingo is dead. This company that was once viewed as a high growth compounding story is no longer. In this video, we are going to ignore that sentiment. We are here to break down the core of this business. What's really happening and why is this drop justified? And ultimately, what does the future for Dualingo look like? And is it time to buy the stock while it's at its lowest valuation in history? This video is going to be broken up into multiple parts breaking out different parts of this business. So, if you want to skip around, I have the timestamps like normal, and I'll have them on the screen as well. The first thing I want to break down is understanding why this business was created. Why did CEO Lewis Van create Duolingo? Well, first, he saw a problem. Education in general is viewed to bring equality to different social classes. But in reality, this is the opposite. The people with a lot of money are able to buy themselves better education, giving them a better chance of getting higher paying jobs, ultimately leading to the rich getting richer. Then those who don't have a lot of money barely learn to read and write and ultimately don't put themselves in the position to make money. This gap continues to widen. The rich get richer, the poor get poor. His goal was to figure out how can we bring highquality education to everyone. Now while searching for this answer, he decided to focus on foreign language. The reason he chose this subject is because over two billion people in the world today are trying to learn a foreign language and a majority of those people are trying to learn English. What makes language different from every subject is it has a direct path to higher monetization. English is the language of business. If you want to put yourself in a better position to make more money, you're going to have to learn English. Now, the only way to make it accessible to a mass amount of people is bringing it to phones. Building schools is expensive, whereas almost everybody has a phone, and that number is continuing to grow and grow each and every year. Now, with this, Dualingo is also highly accessible because of the premium model. This means you can use Duolingo for free, and all you have to do is watch one short ad at the end of each lesson. Now, for those who don't like ads can pay for Super Dualingo. What's cool about this is over 80% of their revenue actually comes from these people paying for the subscriptions. So over the past trailing 12 months, Dualingo has collected over $964 million of revenue with over 800 million of that coming from subscriptions. Now, how their CEO described this was it's almost a natural wealth distribution. The countries that are paying for the subscriptions are the countries that are a little richer. The top two paying countries are Canada and the US. The countries that are just using the premium model are considered the poorer countries. So you end up having the well-off pay for the education of those who can't afford it. Well, now here's the problem. If you want to make education accessible to all on smartphone, smartphones come with one of the most addictive things ever created, and that's social media. Not only does education need to be accessible, you need to get people to actually want to learn. Now, Duelingo CEO has broken this down before. So, I want to show a clip of him talking about it. If you're trying to deliver education with a smartphone, you run into a humongous problem, and it is that smartphones come equipped with some of the most addictive drugs that humanity has ever engineered. Tik Tok, Instagram, mobile games. See, delivering education over a smartphone is like hoping that people will eat their broccoli. But right next to it, you put the most delicious dessert ever made. If if you really want to deliver education to everyone, not only do you have to make it accessible, but also you have to make it so that people want to actually learn. And with Dualingo, we've been able to do this. And at the highest level, the way we've done this is by making the broccoli taste like dessert. I'll say it another way. What we've done is that we've used the same psychological techniques that apps like Instagram, Tik Tok or mobile games use to keep people engaged. But in this case, we use them to keep people engaged but with education. &gt;&gt; Now, this second goal right here, making education as engaging as a social media platform is what has led to Dualingo success. Dualingo currently has over 135 million monthly active users with over 50 million of those people coming back each and every day to complete a lesson. we begin to see what is seen as just a learning app becomes something that has a retention time of a social media platform. So what I want for you to do in this video is to not view Dualingo as a learning app, but I want you to view it as a behavioral modification app disguised as an education platform. This is a business set up to help you learn and stay motivated in a world full of distractions. Social media platforms are literally built to keep you addicted, keep you doom scrolling, show you the most entertaining short form content so you're on their platform for hours. This is what Duelingo has to compete with, not with content itself, but with keeping you engaged and wanting to learn. This distinction will help us break down the moat, the AI competition story, and ultimately what I think is an extraordinary opportunity on our hands. So, let's break this story down piece by piece. So, this brings us to the moat, which is habit formation. If the goal is to become as engaging as social media, how does Duolingo do it? There are a few psychological ways they do this, and this leads to the first part, which is motivation. The first tactic they use is streaks. Streaks create almost a psychological switching cost. Let me explain. So, when you first start anything, you are motivated. Whether this is the first day of class, you're ready to take notes. You're kind of excited to go. The first day of a job, you're ready to kill it. The first day of a workout program, you're ready to roll. For the most part, when you start something new, it's exciting and you're motivated. But motivation is a feeling, and feelings go away. To learn anything, it takes time, especially when you're learning something like language or chess. Language and chess have incredibly long learning curves that take not just months, but multiple years to be truly become proficient in those skills. You may be motivated for a few weeks or if you're lucky a month or two, but eventually that motivation runs out. Streaks are unique. As each and every day your streak lengthens, you become more and more obligated to learn. This is not because you're motivated or you want to, but because that streak signifies discipline, hard work, commitment, and ultimately it's something to be proud of. The same way people get addicted to Snapchat because of streaks is the same reason Duelingo has become highly successful with streaks. As silly as it sounds, this is the reason Duelingo has over 50 million daily active users. It's what keeps you coming back each and every day after your motivation is gone. Now, Duelingo CEO Luis also covers this, so I want to show this clip. &gt;&gt; Let me give you some examples of these techniques. One of the most powerful ones is the notion of a streak. What a streak is is it's just a counter that measures the number of days that you've used the product consecutively. You just take that number, you put it very prominently in your product, and then people come back every day. And the reason people come back every day is because well if they don't come back that number resets to zero and people don't want to lose their streak. It works. Now on the one side streets have been criticized for for example getting teens addicted to Snapchat. But in the case of an educational apps get people to come back to study every day. Now, to give you an idea of the power of streaks, in the case of Dualingo, we have over 3 million daily active users that have a streak longer than 365. Now, that is just a mind-blowing stat. That clip was in 2023 when they had about 24 million daily active users. And 3 million of those people had a streak over an entire year. They now have over 50 million daily active users. So, we could expect the amount of people with a streak over 365 days is far greater than just 3 million. Now, again, this is something that works. It brings people back each and every day. and keeps them learning. Now, Dualingo also has a mechanic called a streak freeze. This is where if you have something really important going on one day and you just can't get a lesson done, you could freeze your streak. Now, how do you actually get a streak freeze? Well, you get it from collecting rewards after completing lessons. Dualing will reward you after each and every lesson. And once you get enough gems, you're allowed to buy these things. You're consistently getting rewarded for learning and it's what creates a daily habit. Now, once people get in the habit of something, it is very hard to get them to break that habit. This is where we start to see habit formation take place. Now, the next tactic they use is notifications. While notifications feel small, Dualingo has mastered the system. All of the notifications they show are thought out. They're not randomized. While notifications might seem spammy and annoying at times, when it comes to learning, people actually want to be reminded to hop back on the app and complete a lesson. Now, Dualingo has actually figured out exactly when to send notifications, what to say in the notifications, and actually when to stop sending notifications. Now, again, Luis briefly breaks this down in this clip right here. &gt;&gt; With notifications, you shouldn't be spamming. Uh, and we're not spamming. With Dualingo, we actually stop sending notifications after 7 days of inactivity. So if you don't use Dualingo for 7 days, we stop sending you notifications. Now, at some point, it occurred to us, if we're stopping to send people notifications, we should let them know. So, uh, we started sending this notification to people saying, "Hey, these reminders don't seem to be working. We'll stop sending them for now." You know what people do when they get this notification? They come back. [laughter] Now, again, this is funny. It's a small minute detail, but it actually works. It brings people back. These are the reason why Dualingo has continued to scale their user base year after year. Even after Chad GBT and Gemini and Claude have come out. This is the reason why when they IPOed back in 2021, they had about 40 million monthly active users and today they've scaled that to over 135 million monthly active users. Growth like this for a learning app is not by mistake. These are the small details that people ignore that have allowed Duolingo to dominate. So streaks and notifications have been massive for Duolingo, but overall gamification in general has been proven to work. People are naturally competitive and they want to be better than others and get rewarded for doing hard work. Dualingo has leaderboards. They have different leagues. There's player versus player in chess. You can compare your ELO in chess or your language score to others around the world. You get rewarded with gems every time you complete lessons that allows you to buy stuff in app. And then ultimately, the interface is set up to feel like a game and feel like you're having fun. Now, Luis brings up a very important point that he doesn't actually think it's possible to make learning as fun as a social media app or as engaging as a social media app. But he also explains why this doesn't really matter. Let me show you this clip cuz he could explain it better than I can. &gt;&gt; I don't actually believe that there's a way to make an educational app be as engaging as something like Tik Tok or Instagram or mobile [clears throat] games. But the good news is that and by the way I don't the reason I don't believe that is because ultimately you have to teach people something and it's hard to compete with like cats and celebrities. Um but the good news is that I don't think you have to. See here's the thing. When you're learning something you get meaning out of it. Whereas when you're scrolling for 2 hours on Instagram a lot of times afterwards you feel like you just wasted your time. So I think it's actually okay if your educational product is only 80 or 90% as engaging as something like Tik Tok because the other 10 or 20% will be provided by people's internal motivation. Though of course not much more than that. This is really a key point. If we want to get people to do something meaningful, you can use the same techniques that apps like social media use to get people to do it. And even if you're not as engaging as those apps are, you can still get hundreds of millions of people to use your product. In the case of Duolingo, for example, there are more people learning languages on Dualingo in the United States than there are people learning languages across all US high schools combined. Now, that final stat again blew my mind. There are more people learning a language in the US on Dualingo than every single US high school across the country combined. I think all of this totally makes sense. I think it'd be unfair and almost delusional to think, hey, we can make learning just as engaging as social media. But he doesn't claim that. He claims it only needs to be about 80 to 90%. Because it feels good to actually learn something. Now, this is kind of how I think of it. I think you can look at Dualingo as the only social media platform out there that actually makes you feel better after you use it. So, through all these different tactics, Dolingo creates habit locking. The streaks bring you back each and every day because you don't want to lose your progress. Strategic notifications continue to remind you when to come back and learn. And the gamification keeps it competitive and makes it feel like learning is fun. This is how Dualingo is fixing the biggest problem in learning. Getting people to have fun with learning, staying motivated and retained in a world full of the most distractions we have ever seen. So this leads to the next question. How does Duolingo make sure no one can copy what they're doing? What makes Duolingo special? So here's where I think everything becomes significantly more impressive. Dualingo collects billions of personalized learning behavior data points at a scale that no one can replicate. Every time you're on the app, Dualingo is running hundreds of different AB tests, telling the different things. Some of these tests go on just for a few weeks, while some of them go on for more than half the year. These tests look into multiple different things. These tests tell Duolingo exactly how you react to when you succeed and when you fail. These tests tell Duolingo what keeps you on the app, what is the most effective user interface, what helps you learn at a higher quality, and then what drives higher subscription revenue. This is to name a few of the main tests, but the list just goes on and on and on. They have run thousands of AB tests throughout their time. So your experience is never like someone else's experience. It is highly personalized to you. Now here's one of the prime examples of how these tests really help Duolingo. So Duolingo has figured out the amount of failures you have in a certain amount of time directly affects the probability of you leaving the app. So let's say you're at three failures in under 1 minute. You become significantly more likely to leave the app once you hit that fourth failure. This is the same for when you're actually doing well. If the lessons become far too easy, you're more likely to get bored and leave the app. So, Dualingo has figured out dynamic difficulty to the tea to help you stick around. When the lessons become too hard and you're just one mistake away from leaving the app, Dualingo will dynamically change the lesson to make sure you stick around. When it becomes too easy, they'll do the opposite and make it harder. The courses become incredibly dynamic. This is also a system that compounds. So, the more users they have, these users continue to inform the app on how to retain longer. So, not only do these users stay in longer because they're teaching the app how to make Dualingo better, the new users that are coming in are collecting more data and also staying in longer. So this is rapidly increasing user lifetime value. Each and every new user is expected to stick with Dualingo longer than the one before. This is a cycle that just continues to go around through hundreds of tests today and thousands throughout their lifetime. Dualingo has mastered this system and this is data only they have. The data Open AI and Google collect is very basic and limited when it comes to personalized learning behavior data. Now comes up one of the most brought up topics when it comes to Duallingingo and that's AI. Duolingo not only understands education is going to significantly change because of AI, but they also understand they have a great opportunity ahead of them with AI. Let me have Luis explain. &gt;&gt; I mean, ultimately, you know, where we're at at this quarter is we realize that we're in a unique opportunity. Um, over the next few years, education or the way people learn is going to completely change and that's because of AI. Um, we now have line of sight to be able to teach people in a manner that is that is way better than anything we've seen before with an app. Uh, we we have line of sight to be able to teach people in a way that is as good as uh a one-on-one tutor and probably also more engaging than a one-on-one tutor. And if we're able to do that, um, this business is, you know, right now we have hundreds of millions of of active users. This business would be a billions of active users type business. I mean, it's just much larger. And that's what we're shooting for. So this is this is, you know, this is the main the main thing that I that I want investors to know is that we are we have made a slight shift over the last quarter and and in how we invest and we're investing a lot more in long-term things because we see that as such a big opportunity ahead of us. So, not only does Duelingo see an opportunity with AI, they're fully embracing it and shifting most of their focus on long-term initiatives that are going to help them embrace this change. Now, in the short time AI has been around, it has significantly accelerated the growth of this business internally. So, before the way Dualingo would create lessons is they'd have a group, they'd have a team of people working together in a room to plan out these lessons, to plan out these courses. This was a relatively slow process and ultimately it took them 12 full years to build their first 100 courses. Now that process has completely changed. What you have now is a few highly talented and smart individuals working alongside AI plus all the billions of data points they collect to build better lessons faster than ever before. This process has allowed them to build 148 courses in one year alone. So a process that once took over a decade now takes less than a year because of AI. And this is also something that is constantly reinforcing itself. Think about it like this. The users of Duolingo bring in data. This data is used to train their AI models. These AI models become better, create better lessons faster and cheaper. These lessons bring in more users and those users bring in more data. This is something that continues to compound each and every day. Now, besides just course creation, Dualingo also has embraced AI through Dualingo Max. So, Dualingo Max is actually directly tied into OpenAI's chatbt, and it's a way to enhance the experience of the highest paying users. One of the main features of Dualingo Max is one-on-one video chats with Lily. So, Lily is a bilingual tutor that you could practice role-play conversations with. So, let's say you're planning on going to a restaurant in a desired language. What you do is have Lily speak in your language. So, for me, it'd be English, and then she could also speak in Spanish. She would then give me tips in English, and then we'd practice in Spanish. She could act as a Spanish speaking waiter and I'd act like I'm ordering a meal. Throughout the whole process, she'd be giving me tips and we could fully direct it into exactly what I need. There are some other features of Dualingo Max like explain my answer and the focus on accuracy and safety. But what's unique about Dualingo Max right now is the price. So, Dolingo Max is priced in around $30 a month and that's mainly to cover the cost of running AI. So, as running AI continues to get cheaper and cheaper, margins will expand for Dualingo Max. they'll be able to keep the price around the same $30 a month all while the actual price to run Dualingo Max drops significantly. This is a small cost advantage a lot of people tend to ignore. So the combination of both AI and data is an incredible accelerator for this business. But then there are still questions regarding AI competition for Dualingo. In a quarter 3 interview, Luis was asked this question. How does Dualingo plan to defend its turf against general purpose AI assistants like Chad GBT, Gemini, or Claude? This is the number one question right now. the number one fear when it comes to Chad GBT. Well, Luis has a great answer to this, so I want to show you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, look, ultimately, the hardest thing about learning a language is staying motivated. That that's the hardest thing. Um, and that's what we work on. Uh, we work on making daily uh learning a language be a daily habit. Uh, and we're very good at that. Um it is true that you know using something like ChachiPT you can probably ask it to teach you some French phrases and stuff like that but if you actually want to learn a language first of all the reality is that it's going to take you years and secondly you need so so you need to be committed for years and most people just don't have that internal commitment uh and we help you with that we help you coming back etc and not only that you need curriculum for years I mean it's easy to say to JPD teach me you know I don't know some French words, you kind of need years of of, you know, now I'm going to teach you the the past tense. Now I'm going to teach you how to order in a restaurant. Now I'm going to teach you how to, you know, I don't know, ask for directions. Uh, and and so that whole thing, it's just very hard to replicate with one of these assistants. Um, and so this is not something that we're particularly worried about. &gt;&gt; So this recaps everything we've talked about. The biggest problem in education is not the content itself. There's all these tools out there like AI now. There's always been great videos on YouTube to learn stuff and there's in general just a lot of resources available. That's not the problem and that's really never been the problem. The problem, especially now, has always been retention and motivation. In a world full of so many distractions, how do we get people to want to learn? That is a problem that Dualingo has been incredibly successful at solving. You could ask CatchBT to write you a French course, but in reality, what are the odds you're going to stick with that? You might be motivated for a few days, but eventually you're going to run out of motivation. And it just doesn't have the tactics to keep you motivated in this world. Dualingo focuses in the one spot that AI models will never focus on, and that's retention. AI models and AI companies have much bigger fish or fry. For example, it's like chatbt trying to become the next main search engine. They're not going to put billions and billions of dollars into thousands of AB tests that Dualingo has already been doing for over a decade now. The bottom line is it doesn't matter if someone's created better content than Dualingo if they don't have the tactics to keep you motivated and retained. And this entire system is a system that compounds vertically. So I've talked about language and I've talked about chess a little, but Dualingo itself has also added math and music. With the mass data collection they have they could almost seamlessly at a very low cost add in many other subjects and that's their plan in the future. For example, math, music, and chess all have over a million monthly active users. And chess is actually seeing a higher retention rate and a faster growth rate than language has ever seen. So, while Dualingo is known as a language learning app, in reality, it's actually sort of becoming a chess and language learning app. And eventually, we're going to see Dualingo add more and more subjects as the years go on. Now, last quarter, Dualingo made a definitive shift, which caused their stock price to drop from $260 a share all the way down to about $160 a share. So this is what they call take the long view. They mentioned in their report that in quarter 3, we decided to shift the balance towards longerterm initiatives. In particular, we're investing proportionately more in teaching better and we're prioritizing user growth over monetization and AB tests that get launched. This shift is reflected in our fullear guidance. We're doing this now because we want to keep users growing for a long time and because our increasing conviction that AI can fundamentally change what's possible in how we teach. If we develop an app that is more engaging then and teaches as well as a personal tutor across multiple subjects we think will become a much bigger business in the long term. So this shift right here explained one change they had in the earnings report. They got it a little less for bookings revenue. This scared investors because Duelingo was priced in as a high-flying company, a high growth company. So them guiding for less expected revenue kind of told the market, "Oh no, this high valuation doesn't make sense anymore. We need to sell out because they're not growing at what's priced in." Now, this shift, I think, is an incredible positive thing for this business. We've already talked about and shown clips of how Louise sees an opportunity ahead of them to not just teach hundreds of millions, but to eventually teach billions of people around the world. In order to do that, they're going to have to take their shift away from short-term monetization and focus really on growing a strong user base and just teaching better quality overall. Now, they break their AB tests into three different buckets. So, the first bucket is monetization. When they focus on AB tests and monetization, this shows up instantly in the reports. it affects financials right away and it looks great. When they focus on user growth, this takes a little bit longer to show up in financials, but it still shows up relatively fast. When they focus their AB tests on teaching better, this takes the longest to show up in financials. So, because they said they're focusing on the last two, user growth, and teaching better, they're sacrificing short-term gains and revenue, short-term investor happiness for long-term compounding satisfaction, and ultimately the opportunity to teach billions around the world. As an investor, this is exactly what I want to see. I want to see my company's focus on the long term. and this is what they're doing. So, finally, I want to talk about a few things and then show my growth estimates and forecast for Dualingo. The first one right here is their paid penetration. So, when they IPOed, their paid penetration was about 5%. So, 5% of their overall users or paid subscribers, they've been able to grow this number to over 9%. Now, for a company like this, a good rate is about 15% penetration. So, even if Dualingo's user base doesn't grow, they could focus on this penetration number and they could significantly become a more profitable business. This is a number to look at over the next few years as over 80% of their revenue comes from subscriptions. It's a cool spot to be in. They're growing revenue over 40% year-over-year and they're growing subscription revenue over 46% year-over-year. So, even with those great numbers, they still have so much room to improve without adding any users, which is obviously not going to happen. They'll continue to add more and more monthly active users and daily active users. Something that's incredibly impressive for Duelingo is our free cash flow growth. now growing 55% year-over-year and having over $350 million of free cash flow. And this company has over $1 billion of cash and zero long-term debt. The financials and fundamentals for this business just look incredible. Yet, the market has sold the stock off over 72% over the past year and over 80% from all-time highs. You can look at sentiment and sentiment makes sense if you view Dualingo as just an education platform because hey, I could just go use AI now. But the problem is Dualingo is secondary when it comes to content. They are primary and when it comes to motivation and retention and they've mastered the techniques and tactics to do that. So for those who view Dualingo as just an education platform, this drop makes sense. But for those who understand the business itself, this drop is giving a phenomenal opportunity to buy this company at its lowest price to sales ratio ever, its lowest valuation in general ever. So for my forecast, I think free cash flow over the next 5 years is going to grow around 25% on a per share basis. When we look at the way they're growing free cash flow now and the way AI costs are going to continue to be cheaper, make this business more profitable, I think 25% is incredibly reasonable and almost conservative. Now, for a free cash flow yield, I think they'll trade around a 4.5 free cash flow yield. That today would mean Dualingo's expected returns over the next 5 years, each and every year, would be 36.5%. That would leave the share price at $519 per share in five years. What's beyond crazy is I could put in some of the most bearish estimates and say this company is going to grow free cash flow at 5% year-over-year, which wouldn't even make sense. And that is still about 15% year-over-year for the next 5 years. But when we use this 25% number, something I think is very reasonable, their stock price is $519 in 5 years. What is so interesting about this is that is below their all-time high number of $540. So this stock has been there before. I don't think it's ever going to trade at a crazy valuation like it used to. But saying this company is going to get back in the 500s over the next five years, I think is totally doable. At the end of the day, I think the market is making an incredible mistake when it comes to Duelingo. Duolingo is one of the most misunderstood stocks in the market, and it's an opportunity I'm continuing to capitalize on. You're going to hear negativity in the short term. When a stock drops over 80% from all-time highs, people just assume the stock is dead. I think that is far from the truth. And I think a lot of people just fail to understand the ins and outs of this business. Now, that is going to be it for this deep dive. If you enjoyed this video and learned something, it'd be greatly appreciated if you share this with someone or dropped a like or comment and gave me some honest feedback. I'm looking to continue to grow my channel, keep giving good feedback, and grow as an investor. So, everything is appreciated. Now, like always, this is not financial advice, and you should always do your own research before buying a stock. I hope you enjoyed this video, and I hope you enjoyed this deep dive. Thank you for watching and I'll see you in the next
