---
ticker: DUOL
type: youtube
title: "Duolingo CEO: How to Brainwash Yourself to Success and Get Addicted to Learning. Follow these habits"
channel: "The Burnouts"
date: 2026-02-05
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wMUIFD2KXDc
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 46045
---

# Duolingo CEO: How to Brainwash Yourself to Success and Get Addicted to Learning. Follow these habits

## 视频信息
- **频道**: The Burnouts
- **日期**: 2026-04-02
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wMUIFD2KXDc

## 转录全文

The hardest thing about learning something by yourself is staying motivated. &gt;&gt; How do you make learning as addictive as social media? &gt;&gt; What we want is that whenever you're using Dualingo, what you're doing there is so it just takes some time to form a habit, but once you form it, it's pretty hard to get rid of it. So all these people that have like a 2,000 day streak on Duolingo or thousand day streak on Dualingo, they'll go through whatever to continue their streak. Hi, I'm Luis Honan. I am the CEO and co-founder of Dualingo. Welcome to the burnouts. &gt;&gt; We're so excited to have you here. It's crazy to have you on because I remember early on in me and Sophia when we met as roommates at Stanford used to write down what we loved from companies that we looked up to. And one of the biggest things that we always looked up to was your guys' marketing is insane. I remember listening to a podcast that you had and you were saying that annually you guys generate tens of millions of free dollars in ad value from the bird. So, can you talk about how this happened? And I know you were saying it was kind of accidental that you guys struck this gold in community, but I'd love to dig in there a little bit. &gt;&gt; The owl has been amazing for us. It it started at first very early when we launched Dolingo, which is now I don't know close to 15 years ago. Um we knew we wanted to have a mascot. That's that's what we wanted to do. Um we came up with an owl because it's in Western cultures at least it is a symbol of knowledge. Then uh it was green for it. it. The reason it's green is to troll our co-founder Sever. So, Sever Hacker, who's our CTO and co-founder, doesn't really care about design all that much. And we were when we were deciding about the the owl, um the the design team asked him, "What do you what do you want out of this?" And he said, "I don't care." And then he said, "But there's just one thing. I hate the color green." And so they turned around and they thought it would be really funny to just make it green. Um so that's why it's a green owl to troll. um severe uh and then we've had this owl and then at some point somebody had the idea that the owl was going to be the the app icon. So the app icon to Dualingo is just the the face of the owl. Okay. Uh the next thing is we send notifications but always notifications on a phone put the app icon right next to it. So because it's the face of the owl, it looks like what is being said comes from the owl. M &gt;&gt; so then people started ascribing the owl all kinds of things you know all our notifications essentially it's as if it came from the owl and then our notifications started getting more and more pushy. So the way our notifications work is that after if you don't use the app after 5 days we stop sending you notifications. Uh but the last notification we send you somebody had the idea that we should tell you that we're stopping to send notifications. So the last notification we send you says something like these reminders don't seem to be working. I'm going to stop for now. Uh what it turned out is that this was a very effective way to get people to come back because people felt guilty like the owl was giving up on them. So everybody started being like, "Oh, the owl's passive aggressive. It's like an extremely passive aggressive. It feels like it's my parent telling me this." Um and so the internet just started talking about the owl and they started making memes about how the owl would go through great lengths to get you to do your lesson. So you know it would kidnap your family to get you to do your lesson, etc. So that that's kind of how it all started and then we started leaning into it. I mean, we as a company decided, well, why not get in on the joke and so we started posting things like we in fact, we had a we had a whole TV commercial um where it was a one of these kind of shitty lawyer commercials that that that are like, you know, in local TV where they're like, "Call blah blah blah if you've, you know, had an accident or whatever." We had we made exactly that commercial, but it was supposed to be about um if you've been kidnapped by an owl. Uh, and it was like a whole lawyer commercial. Um, and we aired it and it was I mean it was pretty funny. By the way, that commercial, uh, the way we created that commercial was, um, we first went to one of these companies that makes the shitty lawyer commercials and we're like, "Hey, we we want one of these commercials like, you know, like shitty lawyer commercials." And they were like, "What do you mean shitty?" Like they did not they This is when we realized we actually had to go to a very fancy uh development company that and we told them about a shitty lawyer commercial and they &gt;&gt; they were like, "We got it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we got it. even know what you mean. Yeah. The other ones. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And when did you guys decide, for lack of a better word, to start being [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] reckless with the L? Because I saw recently one it was like a tweet and it's like this is what's under the green suit. It's a guy literally in like underwear, but now had some very nice abs. I will say when did you guys decide to start, you know, really kind of breaking this layer and making it like more and more of a meme and leaning into it? &gt;&gt; It happened over time. It wasn't like one day we went from zero to 100. We just I think we just have tried to be a little more experimental with it. And um it every time that we that we pushed uh it was successful. So we just kept on pushing and pushing. Of course we have guidelines about things. But um generally uh I would say between the years of 2019 and 2022 or so you could see the just getting more and more unhinged and it's because every time it worked. &gt;&gt; And there was a a Gen Z new hire Zarya who had just started and you guys entrusted her with your TikTok. Tell us about what happened. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we had just hired Zarya um who had just graduated from college. Um and you know, she was um at the time our our head of marketing, our CMO uh was uh a woman that I loved, Cammy. Um and she said, I in my career, Cammy had a very long uh and prestigious career. And she said, "I always learned that if that you should hire 21 year olds to do your marketing uh because they just know what the what the kids like." Uh, she basically said, "I'm too old to know what the kids like." And so she hired a few people that were basically straight out of college. Um, and Zarya uh came up with this idea that she would that we would start a a Tik Tok channel. And then I was shown the first few videos that we were going to post. And truthfully, I had I didn't even understand them. And then after that, of course, we had more Gen Z people in the team and then it just became a team and and they're all very good at it. &gt;&gt; And what were the videos, &gt;&gt; man? It's just doing stuff. you know that one at the time um I now know what it means but at the time there was um a saying that was like no cap at the time I I had never heard this and I'm like what the hell does that even mean? &gt;&gt; What did you think it meant? &gt;&gt; I know I had no idea what it meant. Uh but it was it had something it was something about no cap. Uh and I guess a lot of people started looking at that and then at some point they did another one where &gt;&gt; But when did they start wearing the costume? &gt;&gt; Oh no, that was from the beginning. It was from the beginning it was the costume. Um and &gt;&gt; how did that happen? Like did you go and make a costume? &gt;&gt; We had a costume already. And the reason we had a costume was because we thought it would be useful for job fairs where we would send during a job for like we would go to, you know, all these schools to try to hire engineers. We thought it would be cool to have somebody in the costume. So that was the reason for the costume. Um so we had it &gt;&gt; find the closet. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It was like somewhere in the closet and they're like, "Whoa, we have this costume. Let's just do weird stuff with it." And that's that's kind of what happened. They started getting progressively weirder. At some point they did one where it was man Scrub Daddy uh and Al had kids or like I mean like I don't know babies what like a million little Scrub Daddy sponges came out and that was like the video and I I was very confused but it got that thing got I don't know how many 20 million views or something. So &gt;&gt; and who was the person wearing the &gt;&gt; Uh I mean it varies. It's a it's a anybody who starts their job at Dualingo thinks that this is a pretty amazing uh opportunity to be inside this owl. So all the new employees are like, "Can I be the owl? Can I be the owl?" Uh once you've been the owl once or twice, you realize it's actually just a pretty sweaty job. Uh it's not it's not something you want to you want to do. So um yeah, that that's so it varies. Now, for very high stakes uh filmings, like if we have something like a large marketing campaign or something and we actually want the owl to do some very specific stuff, we hire people that are not employees that usually are professional dancers. &gt;&gt; Uh they know how to move much better for for the owl and especially if they all I mean we have some where the owl's like dancing. &gt;&gt; Uh they're professional dancers. They're not Dualingo employees I can't imagine are great dancers. &gt;&gt; We need a mascot suit for our Tik Toks. I mean that that's what I'm taking away. &gt;&gt; It's worked out pretty well for us. I mean, it's really worked out really well. &gt;&gt; I must say the reason I'm obsessed with this is because every single time I'm on my my Instagram, Tik Tok, there are so many accounts talking about you need to grow your personal brand. You need to grow your personal brand. But this idea of like if you're not a forward- facing founder, having a mascot that you can kind of have the company hide behind that becomes the community. Like it doesn't need to be you as the founders's face. You can also have different like marketing, you know, vehicles. Is there any other companies, you know, when you look at today that you think are doing marketing correctly in this vein? I mean, there's a lot of companies that I think do marketing uh very well. Uh I mean, you know, there's the ones that do marketing really well on social media. Like, I mean, historically, there's just been like some like Burger King and Taco Bell and Wendy's. They just like historically have done that. &gt;&gt; Um but it doesn't have to be just social media. I mean, I'm I'm I'm always a huge fan of Apple marketing. Um they just But that's a very different vein of doing it. So, I think you just have to find your niche and you know, it's true what you I mean, in my case, I am not I don't particularly love uh attention and I am generally shy. So, I am not going to be the person who's going to be out there on on a social media account or something. So, I'm very happy that we have the owl doing the job. &gt;&gt; We tried to book the owl for this podcast, but he was busy. &gt;&gt; He's way busier than I am. &gt;&gt; Not you. &gt;&gt; Sorry. &gt;&gt; And I I want to go back to talk to me about giving responsibility to Gen Z employees. &gt;&gt; They had free reign. I mean, we just we there's very little oversight. there's there's some amount of oversight and there's there's you know somebody that manages them that is more of an adult. Uh but um they have they have pretty free reign to to do almost whatever they want and that has worked out pretty &gt;&gt; So you don't review the Tik Toks anymore? &gt;&gt; I don't I I I you know I reviewed the first two or three and it was pretty clear that it was useless for me to review them because I didn't even understand them. I'm like I don't I don't know what this is. No cap. &gt;&gt; Uh yeah no cap. Um but I I don't review them but we have our head of marketing Manu the the rule right now is if the if the social media manager uh believes that it's going to be um somewhat controversial they should ask their manager uh and so that we have this person who is our head of brand uh who is awesome uh Cat Kat Chan and then if she thinks it's going to be controversial she should ask our CMO Manu and if he thinks it's going to be controversial he asks me but it has not gotten to the point where he asked me. Um, &gt;&gt; never. &gt;&gt; Uh, no, I don't think so. Really, half of the stuff that gets posted, I'm like, I don't even know why this is funny or why it would be uh where anybody would not like it. So, I'm I'm not a good reviewer for this. &gt;&gt; And I want to talk about generally your kind of philosophy as a company because you've talked a lot about investing particularly in new grad hires. Yes. &gt;&gt; Why did you make that decision? And how do you screen when so many young talented people are coming out of college to actually figure out who gets, you know, a job at Duolingo? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, so we're we're we're the whole time uh that we've been at Dualingo, we've hired people straight out of college, a lot of them. At first, I think it started because we started the company in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, it was easier to hire new grads. New grads were willing to move to Pittsburgh, whereas I think uh you know, more established people, a lot of times they had families, so it's kind of harder to move. So that's why we started hiring new grads. Also, it used to be the case that I used to be a professor at Carnegie Melon University and that's why we were in Pittsburgh. So I I knew a lot of college students I guess. So that's why we started. But over time, we just have this new grad program. About half of our employees uh have come to Dualingo as a new grad. &gt;&gt; And as a former teacher, I mean, what advice do you give to students now that you did back then? like just generally in terms of what you want students to take away from like your career from your learnings like what are your biggest pieces of advice? &gt;&gt; Well, it depends on what it is for I mean if it's students I mean to learning the the most important thing about learning is just making a habit. You know there's some stuff that you can learn in an hour or two like fixing a faucet but things you know like these subjects like math or whatever it takes years to learn. Same with learning a language it just takes years to learn a language. So the most important thing is just do what you can to build a habit. Um so that's that's for students. Now, for people who have recently graduated uh and that work at Duolingo, for example, I mean, my biggest advice is to find your find find a way to be useful. Uh that takes you pretty far. Um I I have a I have a story that I tell inside Dualingo to all the new employees, uh which happens to be a true story. Early on at Dualingo, there were two engineers. One of them kept on coming to me and saying, "We don't have a blog. We should have a blog. Why don't we have a blog?" And they kept on complaining, like months of complaining. We didn't have a blog. Uh, and then the second engineer one day just came to me and said,"I noticed we didn't have a blog, so I started one." That's way better um than complaining about not having a blog. So I I this is a kind of a story that I use inside Duolingo for people just just make yourself useful as opposed to trying to complain. Complainers, not useful. &gt;&gt; And Dolingo is a is a multi-billion dollar company. What do you look for when you're hiring? &gt;&gt; Certainly um good at their craft. So whatever it is your craft is, I mean if you're a designer, we really look at your portfolio. If you're an engineer, you know, we want to make sure that you're great at your craft. So certainly we look at that. Uh but then on top of that, um we look at whether people are really believe in our mission. Most of the people that work at Dualingo really believe in the mission. So we look at that. Um, and then the other thing we have this rule. It's kind of an informal rule, but um, you know, whenever you're trying to hire somebody, it's because you have a hole in the organization that you're trying to fill. The informal rule is better to have a hole than an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Um, so we try very hard not to hire [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You can't always tell from an interview, but sometimes you can. And we're like, "Yeah, we're not going to hire that person." And you famously have paid taxi drivers to to tell you how your executives that you're interviewing have treated them. &gt;&gt; By now this is the word is out. So people people treat their drivers very well. But one but doesn't work anymore. But one of part of the interview for us was uh was how they treated their driver. I mean and and there was a one hire that we were going to make. We had been looking for a chief financial officer for like a year and there was this one person that we all really liked. had a really strong resume and then it turned out that they were pretty mean to their driver uh from the airport to the to to the office and that made us not not hire them because uh you know our belief is and I I I really believe in this is that you know if they're going to be mean to the driver it probably going to be mean to other people particularly people under them and so I we did not want that &gt;&gt; and 16% of your workforce is focused on design can you talk about that when you said you and your co-founder are not big designers. You care about design, but neither of you are designers by trade. You have an incredible educational background, but none of it's in design. How did you guys make that decision and what does a giant design workhorse like that look like? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we have our design team is large. Um it's it's something like 16% of our of our of our entire company is design. Um we hire a lot of uh fresh grad designers, but we also hire some more um um uh experienced ones. Um, it started out because we had a couple of employees, very early employees who were very influential at Dualingo, um, that were just really good designers. Uh, one of them is Tyler Murphy, who's still who's still with us. Um, and they just attracted attracted other really good designers and it just became this um kind of snowball that it just really good talent attracted more really good talent. Um, and that that just grew a lot. The other thing that happened is a few years ago we bought a design studio in Detroit um which is you know it was worldrenowned design studio and now so now we have this office in Detroit with about 40 people. They're all either artists or designers and that um I mean that has done wonders for us. I mean if you look at the Dualingo app it's all very well designed but not just very well designed very well animated. If you look at the animations I mean if you actually pay attention the animations are incredible uh and they're all done by hand with you know by artists. So when you guys are testing or doing different experiments, is that the design team running that or is that a separate team? &gt;&gt; Um so we have three three separate functions that run product. It's engineering, product management and design. We call it EPD. Um those three functions together do all of that. Usually um Dualingo was split up in a bunch of teams. I don't even know how many teams we have now. It's probably more than 50. Um and each team has engineers, designers, and product managers. and they all decide what to do. But each team operates pretty independently from the other teams and they come up with what to what to do. But the signers have a huge say in this &gt;&gt; and I I want to kind of pivot the direction of this conversation to focus more on learning and education at large. That's the mission really of Dualingo. And I I had watched your TED talk about basically wanting to make learning as addictive as social media. What does that mean? And what can people take away from that lesson? Yeah, I mean the the the hardest thing about learning motivated. I mean we learned this a long time ago that that just you know it there's a way to learn for example before Dualingo there are many ways to learn languages. Uh there's many ways to learn anything you want but the hard thing is staying motivated. For example, you really can just learn quantum physics for free by just reading Wikipedia but most people don't do that. Uh you really need to find a way to get to stay motivated. That's been the the main thing we've worked on at Dueling was making the app to be as engaging as we can. Now, we know it's not as engaging as Tik Tok. I mean, it's it's it's hard to compete with cats or, you know, all the all the memes. Uh, but I think, you know, it's I don't know what fraction 80% as engaging. Some some amount as engaging. And I think that people also internally a lot of them feel bad when they're using something like Tik Tok or or social media, but they don't feel bad when they're using Dualingo. Our hope is that we just have to be kind of close to as fun as social media and then the last 10 to 20% people's internal drive gets them. Uh but yeah, we really spent a lot of time trying to make um dueling more more engaging. &gt;&gt; How do you counterbalance this idea of wanting to have people learn a language but then also spending a lot of time on their phones like getting addicted to an app? Like where where do you draw the line? I mean the way we see it is um you what we want is that whenever you're using Dualingo what you're doing there is positive for you. Um so everything we have on Dualingo we don't just teach languages by the way we that's the main thing we teach but we now have math music and also chess. Um and just we want it to be the case that everything that you can do there is positive. That's that's what we're trying to do. Chess was an interesting one because I actually at first said that we should not have chess on Dualingo because I thought it's just a game. I wanted to have, you know, I'm like, let's have math, not chess. Um, but then I talked to the person who was the minister of education of Guatemala. Uh, this woman who said to me, look, the the education system, the public education system in Guatemala is is not working very well and it is uh doing so badly that I am considering sending a chess set to every student because at least they'll learn logical thinking. And when she said that to me, I'm like, "Oh, maybe we should have dual uh chess on Duolingo." And that's why we added. So, we just want we we want it to be the case that a parent feels good giving it to their children and saying, "Go nuts on Dualingo." I mean, that's that's kind of what we want. &gt;&gt; I want to talk about education and its role in your life and how that affected you starting Dolingo. &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, I mean um I so I I was born and I grew up in Guatemala, which is a a poor country. Um, I was very fortunate that I received the education of a rich person even though I mean it was just me and my mother and my mother was not rich. My mother was a doctor but she worked for the for the state and in Guatemala a doctor that works for the state don't make a lot of money. Uh, but I was fortunate that I was only child and so she spent essentially all of her extra income or that she didn't spend on like food on my education. Um, so I I went to a fancy school and I could see the difference between what I was learning and what my neighbors were learning who because of the neighborhood that I lived in, which was a middle-ass neighborhood. None of them, they were all going to like a your average school in Guatemala, which is not particularly good. And then, of course, because of that, I was able to come to the United States for college, etc., etc. So, it's just, it just really made a humongous difference. Um, and I saw it uh uh not just with my neighbors and everything, but in the, you know, by just growing up in Guatemala, you really see a lot of people talk about education as something that can bring equality to different social classes, but I always thought as the opposite because what ended up happening, and you see this in the US too, is people who have a lot of money can buy themselves really fancy educations and therefore because they have such fancy educations, they can get really into good jobs and keep making a lot of money. Whereas people who don't have a lot of money, you know, don't learn very much in and and in poor countries, they barely learn how to read and write. And because of that, they can, you know, they can never really make a lot of money. So, um, that's the the reason why, um, you know, Dualingo is such a missiondriven company. That's why we have a free product and that's why we want to make sure that the free product is always available for everybody because what we want to do is really try to give equal access to education to everyone. And I think we've you know for sure we have users in the whole spectrum uh of Dualingo. So on the one side of the spectrum I mean we have again Syrian refugees or people who really don't have a lot of money who are trying to learn English to get a a slightly better job etc. And on the other side of the spectrum we have you know billionaires famous people etc. One of the latest ones that I saw was George Clooney is like a big user of Duallingingo. So, you know, but but it's pretty awesome that it's the the same educational system is being used by people who don't have very much money versus like billionaires. It's usually that that's rare. Usually people who are very rich have, you know, private tutors, better stuff. Um, so that's what we wanted to achieve. &gt;&gt; And at what point during your educational journey did you learn about the importance of habits? &gt;&gt; I think I actually just started learning about that uh really realizing that when I was working on Dualingo. I mean I I I I it just turned out that I had made a lot of habits but I didn't really think about it until I started um uh working on Dualingo. By working on Dualingo I've learned all kinds of things. You know another thing that I've learned is um people don't read anything. &gt;&gt; Uh we we we sometimes work really hard on the specific copy in the app that &gt;&gt; people don't read it. And now this is a big thing that we say inside Dualingo which is like as few words as you can anywhere in the app. when whenever there's something a message, we just try really hard to make it shorter and shorter and shorter because every extra word is you lose like another 10% of users that are not going to read the thing. Um, you know, we've learned uh animations really matter and in um winning moments. So, whenever you just did really well, etc., longer animations are better than shorter animations because people kind of want to celebrate. So we the when you just did something pretty awesome on Dualingo, you'll see that the animation ends up being about 7 seconds long because people actually want to want to celebrate that. That's that that's another thing that that that we internally know. Um the other one um if you've if you haven't done this for for your app, which I assume you have, but it took us a really long time to start doing it is um film completely average users and watch them use your app. My god, they are like they are. This is where you realize how broken your app is or how confusing it is because you think that it is perfectly not confusing and then you know the average person is confused from the first second. Um so we do a lot of that. &gt;&gt; And how do you think about AI and the moat you guys have around brand and marketing and people having streaks? How do you think about it advancing the company and the work that you guys are doing? Yeah, I mean uh uh uh look with AI we have this internal golden rule uh which is anytime we use AI it should be for the benefit of our users. That is the golden rule we have. And you know there are some companies that are like oh we can use AI to save cost. You know that's not what we do internally. We just if if it's something that we can use it to help our users it's good. So, for example, uh with AI, it used to be the case that throughout Dualingo up until about three years ago, we could not get you to practice conversation &gt;&gt; because we this is just not something we could really teach. We could teach vocabulary. We could teach how to read, but practicing conversation, the technology was just not there to do that. So, the only way we knew how to get you to practice conversation was to pair you up with another human, which some people want to do. But about 90% of the world's population does not want to talk to another human in the lang in a language that they're not very good at because they're too shy. So most people didn't want to do that. Uh so this is why we stopped doing that. But over the last 3 years because of AI, you can actually practice conversation by talking to an AI and people are not shy about that. So that's you know we're very we're very happy with doing that. &gt;&gt; And do you guys use AI in your workforce too to expedite productivity? What does &gt;&gt; Sure we do. um you know it from every every function uses it differently. I mean engineers are uh you know some of the stuff that they're coding is is being coded by AI. Um in all cases again we're not trying to substitute people. We're trying to just get people to be more effective. Um so engineers use it that way. Designers use you know some of the illustrations are now being done by AI but we're finding that it's only the simpler illustrations that can be done by AI. So just every every function uses it um themselves. But there's an interesting thing with AI um and I've seen I've talked to many other CEOs that have a similar um experience which is if you pull our engineers for example close to 100% of them say they use AI heavily to code good you if you ask them if they like it they'll tell you yes I like it but somehow we have not measured an improvement in speed in our coding and many CEOs have not seen that and it's not because we don't have good engineers we have truly excellent engineers Um, but so there's this paradox that and and weirdly if you look at particularly X or you know if you look at social media particularly X if you were to read that you would you would just think that at this point computers are better than humans at programming and we should just fire all your engineers but this is just far from the truth. Um, and you know when you go and ask because I was confused. I'm like, well, you all use AI. You should be going, I don't know, 20% faster at least and or twice as fast or something. And you know, you go and talk to the engineers, they'll tell you, look, AI really helps. And in some cases when whenever I want to do something, I tell it to do it and it does it exactly as I want it to and it saves me time. But there are some other cases where I tell it to do something and it just does the wrong thing and then it I spend all this time trying to figure out why it did the wrong thing and how to do the right thing. And unfortunately I spend as much time on that as I saved on the other thing. So ultimately it's a bit of a wash. I think this will get better over time but at this point we're still at a point where the productivity is just not that much better than without it. for performance marketing. Uh we do use AI for the creative to try to change the creative. One of the things that matters is you just have to try a lot of different creatives and so that gets done that gets done with um with AI. Um so that you know we we use it that way. But I would say the the most important thing for our marketing at the moment is certainly not AI. I mean it's just getting our message right and also uh having the right strategy in each country. I mean we have we have users in every single country in the world. We have specific marketing um campaigns in about 12 to 15 countries that we actually you know kind of the larger countries um and you know each one is localized so that that matters a lot. &gt;&gt; How do you think AI is going to impact education? &gt;&gt; I mean I think I think it's it's going to eventually change quite a bit. It's going to take some time. I mean there are some people that are like well next year you know education is going to be completely different. Education changes slowly. Um but I I do think that it you know the way we learn will change a lot. Now I really have to uh uh say something important here. I I I am a former teacher. I'm a former professor. The goal is not certainly not with us and I just don't think that'll ever happen to substitute teachers. Like I think teachers uh do an incredible job at motivating uh people. It's very hard to be motivated by an AI but you can be motivated by a teacher by I mean you know when I was growing up all my role models were basically teachers. Um, so I, you know, I don't, nobody, at least we don't want to substitute teachers and I just don't think society will substitute teachers. But I do think that there's a lot of individualized attention that can be given to each student with AI. Um, you know, a lot of drills and, you know, the nice thing about AI is it can very quickly figure out what you know and what you don't and start drilling you on the things you don't. Um, so I think that's um that's going to change quite a bit. Uh the other thing that's important to mention is um a lot of people don't have access to a good teacher. A significant fraction of the world doesn't have access to a teacher at all or or a good teacher. So I think for those people we can do quite a bit and that's something that we're very proud of with Dualingo that a lot of people throughout the world uh you know like Syrian refugees or or um you know people um that don't have access to a good teacher have used Duolingo to learn a language usually the language of the country they had to move to. Uh and we're very proud of that. I think about this a lot because so many people talk about, oh, you know, we're terrified here that people are going to lose their jobs from AI. I'm scared more about, you know, the divide between the first and third world just continuing to separate and separate. &gt;&gt; It's going to make it worse. &gt;&gt; And my concern is that AI is just going to get us, you know, the same way the industrial revolution did, light years ahead, and then we're going to have this entire population of the world that doesn't have access to cell phones or computers that is completely left behind. But I do completely agree with your point. It's not replacing the humans, but if there's a way to supercharge, I remember during my time like working in Rwanda with Partners of Health, they were doing this really cool thing where you could have instead of a doctor doing it, you could instantly have an AI take a photo of someone's C-section wounds and it would tell you, you know, does she need to come in and see the doctor or does she not, which would help a woman, you know, from walking nine hours? It could predetermine that. And this idea of okay if you have an incredible teacher can you supercharge them to help you know a wider population or to touch a wider population where you know if the students you know interacting can give them a report on how they're doing or what needs to be improved. Does Dualingo today ever partner with schools or what does that look like? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we do have um you know a significant number of um the people who are learning in a language in schools are also using Dualingo. Our belief is that about half of the students in language classrooms in the US are using Dualingo. Now, we don't have formal partnerships with the majority of them in in in part because we have found it pretty hard to partner with schools. Um they're they have different requirements than what we have. For example, one of the things that most schools will tell you is that the school has to own the account of the student, whereas we're like, no, no, see, we want the student to own their account. Uh and so that's you know so that's been um you know we just don't do that very much but we try as much as we can uh to just well Dualingo is free so you can just use it wherever you want. Um the UN has used Dualingo quite a bit um to for their refugee camps to teach them the languages of the countries they had moved to. Actually, there's a a pretty funny story that uh at some point we got wind that there was some refugee camp in Turkey that was using uh Dualingo for for their Syrian refugees. And we wanted to send the team to just go look at what was going on just for us to learn. And they were very scared for us to go there. They're like m I I don't know if you should come. uh and but eventually they agreed and then um we sent the team there and the reason they were really scared is because they thought what what they were doing is whenever people completed the dualingo course they were printing a certificate that said you've completed the dualingo course and it had like our owl in there and they thought we were going to go there to sue them for usage of the owl and this is absolutely not what we wanted to but yeah that's the type of stuff we've seen. &gt;&gt; That's incredible. Have you ever gotten, you know, user stories of of people who've used Dolingo and how it's affected their life once they've mastered a language? &gt;&gt; Oh my god, we got a lot of them. And it's, you know, for some of the people it's that they master the language. And, you know, we see a lot of like, oh, I got a job because of this or um but it's not just that. It's for a lot of people, it gives them meaning. And uh they may not master the language, but they it gives them meaning. I mean, we see a lot, for example, uh the ones that really get to me is um uh older people. Like a lot of times we see um somebody sends like, "Oh, my dad is 87 years old, always wanted to learn Italian, has a 2000 day streak, is now in the hospital. Uh can you guys freeze their streak or something?" So, and those are very heartwarming to me. But yeah, we get I mean we get user stories every single day. &gt;&gt; And how can people rewire their brains to learn instead of kind of using social media and having these unhealthy habits? I mean that's uh I wish everybody would do that. That's that's what we're trying to do. Um you know the the most important thing is I think just trying to set yourself uh a time to do it. One of the things that we have found with Dualingo is if if you tie your usage of Dualingo with a daily habit like I always do my Dualingo after brushing my teeth or something or like first thing when I wake up. if you're able to tie it to that, um, it's a lot more effective what we're finding. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because I'm curious just generally about habit formation, consumer psychology, how does that kind of tie into whether or not people will successfully learn a language or a healthy habit? &gt;&gt; Uh, 100% that's really important. I mean, what we whenever somebody signs up to Dualingo, we know what really matters is how much you use it in the first 20 days. And we try really hard to get you to use it a lot in the first 20 days. We send you as many push notifications as we can, etc. If we can get you to use Dualingo straight for 20 days, you'll stay around for a long time. Um, and you know, it's not exactly 20. It depends some on the countries, etc., but, uh, around 20 days, we're trying really hard to get you to do. And so, it just takes some time to form a habit, but once you form it, it's pretty hard to get rid of it. Um, so all these people that have like a 2,000 day streak on Dualingo or, thousand day streak on Duolingo, they'll go through whatever to continue the streak. And so you see all these social media stories of people doing Dualingo at 11:59 in the club or like you know you get we get all these things. There was actually an interesting thing that there was a reality TV show that was going to be filmed um somewhere in some island and they were going to cut off internet access and take people's phones away. And then we got uh emails from the producers being like, "Look, we're trying to take the phones away some of these people, but the only thing they want is that they can keep doing their Duolingo. So can you help us out?" and like make sure that they don't lose their streak. Um so this is the type of stuff once you have a long streak uh you'll continue doing it. &gt;&gt; Do you see differences between age groups in terms of how committed they are to learning a language? &gt;&gt; Um they're it's pretty similar between the age groups but yeah different different groups of people have it have it different um younger people Korean uh because of K-pop and and Kdramas. I mean we see it we see it 100%. So K-pop demon hunters, great for our Korean usage. &gt;&gt; Throughout your journey, what have been the biggest lessons you've learned, especially from mistakes that you've made? &gt;&gt; One of the things that really helped me certainly, you know, where you guys are, Congratulations on your series A, by the way. That is is awesome. Your series A is 10 times larger than our series A. So congratulations to you. &gt;&gt; It's also over 10 years later. &gt;&gt; Inflation is real. Inflation is real. These ML engineers are not cheap. &gt;&gt; Congratulations. uh when you're raising funds, you know, one of the things that I really learned um and it it it really helped me out is whenever I raised funds, um I would talk to the investor, uh right before signing the deal, we we had agreed, everything was agreed upon. Uh and then but right before signing, I would call them and I would say, "I have something very important to talk to you about, and it is um that there are certain things that I'm going to continue doing at Dualingo, and no matter what you say, we are going to continue doing them." in our case was the our free product really matters because a lot of times investors were like why the hell do you have the free product this is kind of wasted you know you should just charge everybody and so I would tell them our free product really matters uh you can't touch it like I sorry if later you you come and tell me that I need to start charging all our users I'm going to tell you no deal and you know everybody agreed so that's good but it it really helped me in the future because sometimes you know there would be some investor who would come in and say, "Hey, have you thought about uh charging the free product?" And I would remind them, "Well, I we talked about this." That really helped. So, making things super clear um particularly with investors uh was was a was a big lesson for me. Um you know, another one uh I'll tell you another lesson that was a a good one for me. Um hard stuff, hard conversations that you're supposed to have, um start by saying the thing. So for example, um the first person that I ever had to fire did not know that they were being fired and they came the next day like to work because I am first of all I'm conflict avoidant and secondly what I did was I basically sugarcoated it so much that by the time they left they just thought that I was telling them maybe they should do a better job and then they came the next day. What I've learned is if you're going to do something like let somebody go is you start by saying no I'm very sorry but but I'm going to have to let you go and then you explain as opposed to the other way around which is like work up to it. That kind of doesn't work super well. That was a big lesson for me. Uh but it's not just for firing it's for hard conversations. You start by saying hey uh this is happening and then you explain. That was at least a learning for me. And a question that I had is like when you look at Duolingo and you break down what are the most important goals of the company, what are they and how did you come up with them? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we do we do yearly goals for the whole company and then uh each team does quarterly goals um for the whole company. Usually these are goals on number of users uh on teaching content and revenue etc. is that usually the numbers that you put in there. They're always supposed to be stretch goals. So, for example, if we really think that we're only going to make $15 million, you should put 20 million because it kind of pushes people to do a little more. Um, so, uh, generally we try to get to 70% of whatever we put is as the number in in in our objectives. &gt;&gt; Can you talk about what's next for Duolingo this year and and why you're bull on the continued rise of Dolingo over time? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, I'm I'm very excited about everything that's coming up next. Um, so some of the things are for sure, Dualingo is just going to be teaching better. Thanks to AI, we really can teach all our subjects better. Uh, so over the next year or two, you're just going to see basically learning outcomes get a lot better. So I'm excited about that. Um, I'm excited that we're we're going to be adding more subjects. I mean, I can't really say specifically, and it's not because I'm don't want to say this. I just don't exactly know what other new subjects we're going to have, but I'm I would really love to include uh K through2 science. So there there's that. Um and then just generally I think Dualingo is going to be a lot more social and a lot more fun. I mean we're adding we're adding a lot of social components to Dualingo. Um and that has continually made it more and more fun. Um you're going to see more of that. &gt;&gt; Well, thank you so much for coming on the Burnouts. We couldn't be more grateful for your time. I personally have learned so much today. and I'm excited for our audience to see this. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you very much for having me.
