---
ticker: DUOL
type: youtube
title: "Duolingo Co-founder and CEO Luis von Ahn Revisits CMU Roots"
channel: "Carnegie Mellon University"
date: 2025-11-17
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WYc57XMM6Ik
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 77940
---

# Duolingo Co-founder and CEO Luis von Ahn Revisits CMU Roots

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Carnegie Mellon University
- **日期**: 2026-04-02
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WYc57XMM6Ik

## 转录全文

[music] And so Mr. CargI's three-year technical school, born of the needs of a simpler day, has become Carnegi Melon University. &gt;&gt; For [music] 125 years, our hearts have been in the work in technological [music] innovation, in award-winning performances, in groundbreaking research. Our bold bets revolutionized industries [music] and improved lives. We've pushed the boundaries of what's possible. Motivated by fearlessness and focus, we are persistent [music] problem solvers and human- centered thinkers, tackling complex issues, creating [music] life-changing innovations and making vital discoveries From center [music] stage to the surface of the moon, we redefine the limits of possibility. Our [music] hearts remain in the work in our communities around the world and even [music] in the cosmos. Guided by [music] our legacy, we look to the future, moving the world forward in [music] ways that are, well, uniquely CMU. That's the power of the human spirit. That's [music] the power of possibilities. Please welcome Carnegie Melon University's 10th president, Dr. Farnum Janian. [applause] &gt;&gt; Well, good afternoon It's so good to be with you. What a fantastic video. Don't you agree? &gt;&gt; Um and and what a a remarkable 125 years it's been. It is my pleasure to be hosting our second president lecture series of the academic year and also kickoff event for our 125th anniversary of the university at our homecoming this weekend. Congratulations everybody. You know, as U tartans, we're part of a community whose members have continually redefined the limits of what's possible. In fact, every watershed moment in our 125 year history can be traced back to the right people asking the right question at the right time. Our special guest this afternoon, Luis Van, co-founder and su CEO of Dolingo, is one of those individuals and he has had an amazing career asking and answering the right questions at the right time. Luis, welcome back. Over 1,500 people registered online and also in person attending this, just in case you were wondering. We're really happy you're back. Um, we're joined, of course, by members of our board of trustees, uh, led by our board chair, David Coulter, members of our academic and administrative leadership of the university, including our provos, Jim Garrett, as well as members of our community, our wonderful faculty, staff, students, and alumni. Uh we're also fortunate to have several members of Dolingo from Pittsburgh team who are here with us I understand and four of them are or four or five of them are right here. If you're still in the audience would you please stand to be recognized. Luis you brought a few people with you didn't you? Here you go. Absolutely. Thank you for [applause] being here. Um, finally, I'm I'm pleased to share with you that we're also joined by two very special guests who are beloved both by Carnegie Melon and by Luis CMU Professor, Professor Ammeritis Manuel Balom and also Professor Lenor Blom. Manuel Lenor, happy to have you here. Thank you for coming back. Pleased to have you here. [applause] And thank you all for joining us. Now a quick introduction about Louise. As I mentioned earlier, this is our second president's lecture series event of the academic year. When we launched this series back in 20123, we set out to bring uh worldchanging leaders, thought leaders to our campus to share their insights on issues of emerging and preeminent relevance to our society. And of course, because we're Connor Melon, many of these leaders have had a record of innovating and advancing technology for the benefit of humankind. Today's distinguished speaker is no exception. Luis Vanon grew up in Guatemala. He earned his undergraduate degree in mathematics at Duke and then found his way to CMU for graduate school. We'll talk about that, I promise. Luis studied under Professor Manuel Balum, earning a master's and PhD degree in computer science. After graduating, he stayed and joined a faculty of our computer science school. As some of you know, he re he invented recapture, a company that was acquired by uh Google in 2009. While at CMU, Luis was advising a student named Sever Hacker who joined Luis to uh found the co-founded Dualingo together. And again, we'll talk about some of that later. Uh the company of course has offices a number of places including in Pittsburgh and uh and uh u to Luis not only serving as CEO of D do D do D do D do D do D do D do D do D do D doingo and sever of course is serving as CTO the company has grown magnificently over the last number of years has serves more than 500 million learners everyone from seuite executives to children in refugee camps. Uh Luis has built a remarkable career around driving transformative changes to benefit society and he's widely recognized as a leader who cares about the people powering his company. Now when you step back and really look at Louisa's journey, it's easy to be blown away by his ingenuity and of course his vision and also be should let him know that we're so grateful to have him as a member of our community. Of course, we're grateful for his capacity to harness the transformative role of technology to benefit society. Again, Louise, we're exceptionally proud to call you one of our own and we're thankful for all that you represent as a leader, innovator, and entrepreneur. Ladies and gentlemen, please join me in giving a warm welcome to Luis as he takes the stage. Come on up. [applause] Hi. Hi. Uh, I'm of course very proud to be here. Um, and I'm also very proud that Manuel and Nor are here. Uh, I told them I've told a lot of people here. They are the reason I am in in Pittsburgh. So, I don't know if to thank you or not, but thank you. [laughter] Uh, um, okay. So I you know I'm supposed to talk to you for about 15 minutes and tell you a little bit of the story of Dualingo which I'm going to do that and then we're going to go and have a fireside chat. Um so I'm going to tell you just roughly a very abbreviated history of Duolingo. Um so uh we started Dualingo like Farnham said I used to be a professor here in computer science and I had a PhD student named Severin and we were looking for a PhD thesis topic for Severign. That's what we we were trying to find something that we would work on together. Um very quickly we both realized that we both liked education. We want to do something related to education. Now my views on education are very influenced by where I'm from. I am I'm going to show this. I am from Guatemala. This is a public service announcement. That is where Guatemala is [laughter] by the way. Also important public service announcement. That is not where they keep the prisoners. [laughter] Uh different place. Um anyways um Guatemala is a poor country and um a lot of people talk about education as something that brings equality to different social classes but I saw it I always saw it as the opposite as something that brings inequality because what happens in practice is that people who have a lot of money can buy themselves really good educations um and therefore continue having a lot of money whereas people who don't have very much money barely learn how to read and write especially in poor countries and therefore never make a lot of money. So um what I wanted to do is I want to do something that would give equal access to education to everyone. So this is kind of my views on education. Um now you know if you're going to do something related to education you got to figure out what to teach. And what we started we after thinking for a while we realized that we what we wanted to teach was languages. And the reason for that was because of English. So it turns out English is this amazing thing. There's about two billion people in the world learning English. Um, and it's because in most places in the world, knowledge of English can significantly increase your income potential. Um, and actually what's what's amazing about English is that it can directly improve your income potential. So, for example, with math, I love math, but just knowledge of math usually doesn't make you more money. Usually, you have to learn math to then learn physics to then become a civil engineer or something. It's like multiple steps. Whereas with English, if you were a waiter and you learn English, you can be a waiter at a hotel and make more money. It's like very direct. Um, so we decided we were going to do a thing that teaches English, but if we're going to teach English, we may as well teach other other languages. So, we're going to do a thing that teaches languages for free. That's what we decided we were going to do. So, we started working on it. We were uh actually both in the Gates building uh and we started working on it there. It took us about a year and a half from the time that we started working on it to the time that we launched Duolingo to the world. In that time, um I am a native Spanish speaker. So I what I decided to do was that I was going to make the first Spanish course myself. Um it turned out the first Spanish course is very Guatemalan Spanish because I made it. [laughter] Um then uh Severign happens to be a native German speaker. Um and so he was he he made the first German course. Interesting tidbit. I later realized Severron is actually not a native German speaker. Um I was confused. He said he was a native Swiss German speaker and I thought they were the same language. They're not. Um, so our first German course was very much German course, which is also funny. Um, anyways, he made the first German course, I made the first Spanish course, and we we we had this bright idea. What we were going to do is we're going to learn each other's language through the thing the thing that we were building. So, this is what we started doing. So, the idea was that I was going to take some German lessons in in our computer program and he was going to take uh some Spanish lessons. But then we ran into a huge problem, which is kind of the the I'm I'm very glad we ran into this problem, but it was a huge problem at the time, which was I would come into the office every morning at like 9:00 a.m. and I would see him and then I would ask him, "So, did you do your Spanish lesson?" And he would be like, "No, man. So boring." [laughter] Um, and I had the same problem. Learning German was just really boring. Um, and so this is when we started freaking out because we thought, uh, well, if we can't even, we really care about this project. we're working on it essentially full-time and we can't even get ourselves to do it. How can we expect other people to do it? And this is when we realized uh the thing that you know I still believe to this day which is that the hardest thing about learning something by yourself is staying motivated. It's just really hard to stay motivated. Uh we couldn't even get ourselves to stay motivated. So what we did is we started trying to change Dualingo basically to be palatable to us. Um so we just kind of and what that meant is we kind of turned it into a game. So we started, you know, it used to be that the lessons were half an hour long. We made them three minutes long. Um, we started putting progress bars everywhere. We started giving points. Anytime you did anything, you got points. Um, and what what that did is that it made it so that we actually wanted to start using it. We were like we were actually using it. So that was great. Um, so by the time we launched, Dualingo was a free way to learn languages that also felt a lot like a game. And it turned out that that combination was very powerful because as soon as we launched Dualingo became very popular. Um the week that we launched our our iPhone app that week Dualingo became the number one app in the education category of all all education apps not just language learning. Um and it has remained there since. So for the last I don't know 13 years in a row every year if you look worldwide dueling was the most popular education app. I guess I'm very proud [applause] of that. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; TO GET PEOPLE CLAPPING. ONE PERSON has to say woohoo. And I got the Duolingo people there saying good job guys. Uh anyways, uh the same thing happened when we launched our Android app. As soon as we launched it, it became the most popular app in the education category and it's very popular. I I'll say one other thing that is very that makes me very proud. There are thousands of apps in the education category. Dualingo accounts for about onethird of the uh revenue that is made from the education category today. So we're very happy with that. Um yes. Okay. Um and there have been a lot of really amazing milestones across the way because we have grown a lot. Um and I I'll tell you a few of them that you know that made me really proud. Probably my proudest moment at Dualingo happened a few years ago which was I learned two things at around the same time that made me really proud combined. The first thing that I learned is that Duolingo was being used by refugees all across Europe to learn the language, Syrian refugees to learn the language of the country they had moved to. And actually, it was also being used by the UN uh in their refugee camps to teach the the refugees the languages of the country that had moved to. I was very I I felt very proud of that. But at around that time, I learned something else that combined made me even prouder, which is I learned that Bill Gates was using Duolingo to learn uh to learn French. And the see the combination of this is what made me the proudest because you see on one side you have refugees whose net worth is essentially zero and on the other side you on the other side you have somebody whose net worth is like hundred billion dollars and they're using the same system. I mean it's very rare. Usually billionaires have better stuff. Um but in this case really it was the same educational system was being used by essentially the the the whole of of uh socioeconomic spectrum. So, I was very proud of that. And, you know, we've grown a lot and we have a lot of famous uses. One of my favorites favorite ones as of late is the Pope uses Duolingo. Uh, and for that, I feel really good about that because I know I'm going to heaven. [laughter] So, I'm I'm good. I'm done. Um, anyways, uh, we we've grown a lot. Let me tell you a few other just quick things about the history of Dualingo and then and then we'll go to this thing. Um, there's a story I'd really like to say about Dualingo is when we started making money. The first several years, Dualingo made no money. The way we the way we supported ourselves was through venture capital. Our our finances were very simple. We simply lost money. Like this basically there was no, you know, Dualingo was just a free way to learn languages. Nobody paid us. We didn't have ads. We just kind of lost money. um about five years in so around 2016 um it came time that we you probably needed to find a way to make Duolingo self-sustaining. So I I like to tell this story because it's kind of unbelievable in retrospect. I stood in front of the whole company and I basically said we got to figure out how to make money. Um and what's amazing is the reaction that I got from the company. Basically nobody in the company wanted to make money. Everybody was like why? Uh, [laughter] and I had to say, well, how do you think I pay your salaries? Uh, and then they very aptly said, I don't know, but you've been paying them. Uh, [laughter] I had to explain to everybody that you can't really raise venture capital forever. At some point, this becomes a Ponzi scheme. You just can't do that. Uh, so I had to explain that. Um but it it basically took six months about six months to convince the company that it was okay to make money that it was like not evil first of all making money and that secondly um that you know if we actually make money we can actually use that to invest more and you know furthermore our mission to actually educate everybody. Um so basically Dualingo was you know the first I don't know however many people that were there were basically communists that we hire and [laughter] they're they're still there. Um so there was that which was amazing. Now, fortunately, we found a way to monetize that I find is um is very compatible with our mission because the way we found a way to monetize was you can use Dualingo for free. You don't have to pay us, but if you don't pay us, you have to see an ad at the end of a lesson and we make money from those ads. Um but if you don't want to see ads, you can pay to subscribe and we make money from the subscriptions. Now, it turns out about um 90% of our active users do not pay to subscribe. They use Dualingo entirely for free and 10% of our active users pay to subscribe. However, we make about 90% of our money from those 10% that pay to subscribe. So, the vast majority of our money comes from these people that pay to subscribe. Uh, now, if you look at who these subscribers are, they're basically well-off people. I mean, they're usually in richer countries. They have stable jobs, etc. And if you look at who the people who don't pay, they're usually in poorer countries or may not have a job, etc. What I really like about this uh business model is that it's like a small form of wealth redistribution. Basically, the rich people are paying for the education of everyone. Um, and this is how you convince communists to make money. Um, [laughter] uh, uh, anyways, the the the last thing that I'll tell you is I think probably most of you, um, uh, have seen that Dualingo has also kind of become part of culture in our memes. And I'll just tell you a quickly roughly how this started. Um, if you've ever used Duolingo, we send you notifications uh to to remind you that you should do your lesson every day. Um, let me This is this is this is kind of what it looks like. You see, you get a notification. Now, the thing about notifications, this is something that is like in retrospect really amazing. When you get a notification, it shows you the app icon right right next to it. It turned out that our app icon is the face of an owl. It's our owl. So people think that the notification is coming from the owl as opposed to from the app. So it really looks like the owl is sending that to you. So that kind of gave the owl a voice. And we were sending notifications. Now um we are very nice in that if you stop using Dualingo, we don't send you notifications forever. After about 5 days of inactivity, we stop sending you the notification. At some point it occurred to us that well we're being nice. We should tell people that we're being nice. So if we're if we're stopping after five days, it occurred to us that we should on the fifth day we should send this notification to tell people that we're being nice, which is basically these reminders don't seem to be working. We stop sending them for now. We thought we were being nice. It turns out this is an incredible way to get people to come back. It's like a super passive aggressive. [laughter] This is like you should have this is like like parenting passive aggressive right here. Uh it is it has is very uh successful at getting people to come back. But when we started sending this this gave the owl a personality because like oh the owl is being passive aggressive. The owl [laughter] is willing to do any kind of emotional manipulation to get you to come back. And because of that the internet started basically making memes about how the owl will go through great lengths to get you to come back like including kidnapping your family. Um so you started seeing all these memes like this one. This is a pretty funny one. [laughter] &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; this started happening. Uh, and then what we did is as a company, we started leaning into this fund because it was pretty fun. So, we we actually ran a commercial uh that I'm going to play to you. I I I'll tell you a little bit about the commercial. Um, actually, let me just play the commercial. We ran this is this is we made this commercial. So, it's you'll see it. It's it's like a joke commercial, but we made it and it's it's it's pretty fun. So, let's uh let's play it here. &gt;&gt; Has your family been taken by a corporate mascot? Were you extorted by an enormous green owl? Have you been physically or emotionally injured by duo lingo? Did you want to learn a new language but lost your streak and your loved ones? Did you receive disturbing threats such as Spanish or vanish, French or the trench, Japanese or broken knees? If you're a victim of the duolingo wow, you're not alone. Hi, I'm Peter Francis Manchetti, attorney at law. Over the past decade, I've recovered 537 family members, friends, and precious pets from Duo. Now, let me and my elite team of legal professionals at Manetti [music] and Sons LLC fight for you. Learning a new language was supposed to be fun and easy. Well, if you've ever been thrown in the trunk of a car and driven across state lines by a huge green [music] owl, you know that there's nothing fun and easy about Duolingo. &gt;&gt; Duo took my family. Next, he took my Funko Pop collection. Manetti and Sons brought my case [music] to trial and I won $2.7 million, which numbs the sting of never seeing [music] my husband and children again. &gt;&gt; Text or call Manettian Sons now at 781 STOP owl. That's 781 stop owl [music and singing] at 781 stop [music] &gt;&gt; we had we had this idea that we were going to make this commercial and we thought okay let's make like one of those crappy lawyer commercials. This is the idea that we had and our marketing team approached a company that makes these crappy lawyer commercials and we met with them and we're like, "So, what we want is one of these crappy lawyer commercials and they're like, "What do you mean?" And this this is when we learned that that was not going to work. So, actually, this was made by a very fancy company and they understood we wanted a crappy lawyer commercial. [laughter] Um, anyways, I'm going to I'm going to stop now. Uh, and I'm we're going to have a a thing because I see that farm has stood up there and uh [applause] Thank you. &gt;&gt; Well done. Well done. You take that seat on the other side. [snorts] &gt;&gt; I had a lot more to say. Far, I'm kidding. [laughter] &gt;&gt; This was all rehearsed. I promise you. Thank you for being here. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you for having me. Happy to have you here and congratulations on all that you've achieved and all that you've enabled. Let's hear &gt;&gt; um a quick reminder for those of you who've been to these fireside chats that um there's a slido. Is it behind me? &gt;&gt; Not yet. It's coming. Uh you can submit your questions. I'm going to go through a series of question and have a conversation with Luis, but you're welcome to send your questions and Bethany who's sitting up front, she's going to curate the questions and at some point we're going to switch and uh take some of the questions from our audience. Luis, before I actually dig in into some of the questions, I'm just curious uh the commercial, &gt;&gt; the people in the commercial. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Are they Duolingo employees? &gt;&gt; No, they're actors. These are all actors. &gt;&gt; I'm relieved. [laughter] &gt;&gt; It took us a while. I don't know if you noticed the the the the sun the like his voice kind of broke as if he was like a It took us a while to do get that shot. Well, cuz we [laughter] wanted that was on purpose. &gt;&gt; It was well done. Well done. &gt;&gt; Um before we talk about Dualingo and before we talk about you know AI and some AI specific questions, I want to ask you to tell us about your own journey. Uh I mentioned that of course um you're highly successful CEO but before you became CEO you were on the faculty at CMU and you came to CMU for a PhD. So tell us a little bit about your journey. Tell us about your upbringing and and what brought you to Carnegie Melon. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, so I I I was born and I grew up in Guatemala. I was an only child of a single mother. Um and um at some point the thing that got me into computers is at age 8 I asked for a Nintendo and she got me a computer instead, a Commodore 64 and I was really upset. Um but that's kind of what I got into into coding. Um I I left Guatemala um to come to college in the US and then I came to Carnegie Melon. I I told you this story the I came to visit Carnegie Melon. You know when you're applying to the PhD programs you get into you apply to a bunch of PhD programs you get into some you get rejected by some. Um, and I uh was very lucky to have gotten into Carnegie Melon. Uh, but what happens is that they they fly you in to visit this this program. Now, I had never been flown anywhere. So, that was great. I'm like, "Oh, I got flown by somebody to go somewhere." Um, but that year they decided that the open house for graduate students in computer science was going to be held in early February in Pittsburgh. Uh &gt;&gt; um I had grown up in Guatemala. It's always 70 in Guatemala. And in uh then I went to North Carolina where it snows like once every two years. And then I came uh to Pittsburgh in early February and it was after 12 hours of here of being here I thought I I'm not coming here. This is just not going to happen. I told myself but then I was very fortunate and Manuel who is there and Manuel is just a very charming man uh who I after after the open house I thought man Pittsburgh uh but I'm going to go there. So it really that the reason I decided to come to Carnegie Melon was because of Manuel. Uh so thank you Manuel. Uh and then I was very fortunate that I could be uh his PhD student. Um but that that's what happened. And then when I was in the in the PhD program um we did we we had a lot of fun. Um we did a a bunch of good things. One of the early things that that we did together um was um we had um it's this things this thing called a capture. I think most of you have seen it. The distorted characters that you have to type whenever you're you're doing um you know whenever you're getting like an email account online etc. We worked on that with with Manuel. Um and we were very fortunate that that got adopted all over the place. So how did that lead to recapture and and and the interaction that you had with with Google? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um so what had happened was uh you know I was getting my PhD we did we did this capture work together um a few years had so by the way if you don't know so the reason the capture is there that those distorted characters is that they're there to make sure that you're a human. So the idea is um that these distorted characters you can you can at the time this has completely changed because computers are much smarter now. This is 25 years ago. At the time computers could not read distorted characters but humans could. So the idea was that if we gave that there and we put it there and we said read the characters um the the you know the system could tell if they read the characters it actually was a human as opposed to a computer. And the reason that was useful was because um there were people who would write computer programs to abuse systems all over the place. So for example, Yahoo was giving free email accounts. Somebody could just write a program to obtain millions of free email accounts. The reason the capture was there was to make sure that it was a human because a human can't obtain millions of email accounts because they get bored after like 10. Um so that that that was the whole idea for captures. Now what happened was that um a few years later, you know, I did my PhD here. I I um uh finished the PhD and I uh had joined the faculty. Um and um it throughout this time whenever I went to like a party or something uh you know people asked me what I did and I told them that I worked on these things and people immediately would say I hate you [laughter] um because they're very annoying. Um so I had been you know it had been years of people kind of saying that they hated me. Um, so it occurred to me that um that you know I I kind of started thinking well how many how many times a day does somebody do one of these and I did a little back of the envelope calculation and at the time it occurred to me that I mean what the number that I got to was that it's about 200 million times a day somebody was doing one of these captures. So at first I felt very proud. I'm like oh look at that look at the impact that we've had. Um but then I remembered that people hate these things and then I started feeling bad. I'm like, "Oh my god, 200 million times a day. Uh, somebody's really annoyed." And each each one of these takes about 10 seconds of time to do. And if you multiply 200 million by 10 seconds, that's like 500,000 hours a day are being wasted in this by this thing. And then I started feeling really bad. Um, and then I started thinking, well, is there something that we can do? See, during those 10 seconds while people were reading these characters, at the time they were doing something incredible. They were doing something that computers could not yet do. So for 10 seconds we were getting something from your brain that we could not get computers to do despite like at the time like 40 years of research in computer science we could not get. So I was like well can we extract those 10 seconds for something useful. This is kind of what occurred to me and this is where recapture came. The idea with recapture was that instead of giving you random letters to read, we would give you words that were coming from books that were being scanned that we needed the computer to understand but that the computer had failed to understand. So we would send that to you and then we would use what you would type and then that would be help in the book digitization process. Um so that was the idea and it turned out we built a system and it turned out it worked. &gt;&gt; Um by now by the way recapture has changed. Um it turns out that computers just got good at reading all of these distorted words but the thing that there were still things that computers were not very good. So by now you can see that um with a recapture what you have to do usually is like click on the bicycle or whatever but it's the same concept. You're being given images that the computer is not very certain about and then what what you're clicking on is being used to either train the computer or just actually label it. Uh so that was the idea. Um we built a company around that. Uh there's a funny story that I I I don't know if I' I've uh told you about this um but I think the statute of limitations has gone so I'll tell it now. Um &gt;&gt; none of this is being recorded. Don't worry. &gt;&gt; Okay. Um what happened was that um when we built we it was company I started I I you know I I started the company. I was a professor. Um but I had a few um a guy named Ben Moore who was an undergrad here a really great guy. But we we had a few basically Carnegie Melon people that started this company called Recapture. Um and the idea was that we could serve captas to the world and help digitize books at the time. That's that was the idea. Now we didn't have any books. So what we basically we had like the scan of one book and we started just basically uh recycling those those the same scan of the same book to to everywhere we were we were serving the captas. Um at some point I gave a talk about this process and somebody in the audience happened to be at the time the CTO of the New York Times and then he came to me and he said oh um we have a whole archive of all editions of the New York Times. we cannot scan it because well I mean we can scan it but it computers can't really recognize the the the text. Can you do something about it? And I'm like sure we can. Um and that was perfect. Now we had something that we could actually recognize. Um but then he said well how much should we pay you for this? And that hadn't occurred to me. Uh [laughter] and then I was like okay. Uh, so I went and I did a calculation of how much it it would cost them to do it by hand. I'm like, well, the other option is to hire, I don't know, people to do this. So, I I kind of figured out how much it would cost by hand. And then I divided that by four. I made up four. I divided that by four. Uh, and then I went to him and I'm like, this it was basically what it was. it was $42,000 per year of content of the New York Times that we would that we charge. That's that's what what decided um he and he he agreed immediately in which case I was like damn [laughter] &gt;&gt; should have divided by two instead. &gt;&gt; Anyways, he agreed immediately and but what was crazy is we were serving so many captures that we it took us about one week to do one year of content and so we did that. We gave it back to him and he sent me a check for $42,000 and they were like, "Okay, well here's another week." Um, and so I started receiving checks for $42,000 from the New York Times and very quickly somebody from Carnegie Melon, like a suited person from Carnegie Melon came to uh remind me that Carnegie Melon is a nonprofit and that we can't do work for hire and that I need to do something about that and I can't just be getting So this is why Recapture turned into a company. because there was like a way to actually get those $42,000 every week. &gt;&gt; Um [laughter] that that was it. But I I I don't know. I feel like I've repaid Carnegie Melon for that. I &gt;&gt; I think I think it's fair to say that you repaid Carnegie Melon. Let's just leave it as that. &gt;&gt; Has it occurred to you that your current employees when they were asking you why should we make money, they weren't too far off from your own views of the world? &gt;&gt; No, it was pretty similar. I mean, look, we're as an academic, that's just not the first thing you you think about. Um, yeah, that's true. &gt;&gt; You know, this is probably a good place to pivot to AI because when you talked about digitization of books and so on, I remember 20ome years ago, this was a big deal. This really was a massive Google project and a number of others that that really has had such an huge impact. When we talk about a massive amount of data, a lot of that data initially came from digitizing content that we had available on paper and and it it it took off. Now, of course, AI has changed everything. What I want to talk a little bit with you about is that throughout the history of AI, we've gone through these cycles of excitement about AI and then winters of AI. In fact, in my career, I know I've seen at least three cycles of that. I know Marshall would agree with this. But today it seems different especially when we talk about generative AI it seems like we're in a different era and the technology underlying it and advances that we've made are really different from what we have experienced in the previous two three four decades now &gt;&gt; and that it now works. &gt;&gt; No it [laughter] don't work but but candidly that's the nature of research which doesn't happen in a straight line. Um, so tell me about from your vantage point, especially from where you are at Dualingo and your experience as a computer scientist, what's different about this latest generation of AI systems that we have comparing to the earlier generations and then I want to talk a little bit about Dualingo. &gt;&gt; I mean, I don't, you know, I feel weird talking about AI here with so many AI experts I assume you have. Um, but you know, it's it's incredible. I 10 years ago, I did not expect that this was going to be so fast. I I think this is true for most everybody. I don't think people were expecting this level of quality by now, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Um when I first saw uh what later became GPT4, I mean, it was just incredible. I did not expect anything that good for for a while. Um from our vantage point at Dualingo is we're very happy with it because it's allowing us to do a few things. Um the the biggest thing it's allowing us to do with Dualingo is that um one of the things that we were never able to teach you before uh generative AI was kind of back and forth conversation. Um we could we could teach you vocabulary, we could teach you grammar, we could teach you all kinds of things that you know how to listen to the language with with uh you know speech synthesis etc. We could teach you a lot of things. We could not teach you back and forth conversation. Uh and that's a real important thing to learn um for a language. Um we tried we actually tried before this we tried we tried two separate approaches. One was we tried before generative AI like a chatbot approach. Um it didn't work. I mean basically it was really lame to talk to the thing. It just kind of didn't work. We also tried having an actual human on the other side for people to talk to and practice conversation. And this is one of the most incredible things I've seen too. It was um you would ask Dualingo users um what do you think is missing from Duolingo? The most common answer was practicing conversation. That is what people said. Then you would say okay so if you tell me that there's a way to practice conversation on Dualingo with another person, you would do it. And everybody's like absolutely I would do it. And then you would even say would you pay for it? And everybody's like of course I would pay for it. That way I would practice conversation. And then the next question was the most amazing one. you would say, "Okay, you want to do it right now?" And invariably people are like, "Not right now. [laughter] Not right now." Uh, it just turns out people, even though they may tell you that they want to practice language with another person, they don't. Uh, it's about 90% of people are just they're just not extroverted enough. They're kind of ashamed of their level of language. Uh, if so, if you're just a beginner in a language, you don't want to practice with another person. So, this is why we gave up on that. But with generative AI, we can actually have you conver practice conversation with essentially a cartoon on the other side. Um, and people don't feel like the computer is judging them, even though it's basically what it's doing. It's judging them. Uh, but people don't feel like that. So, it it it's it's been a trans it's been very transformative to us. &gt;&gt; I think you're absolutely right. We're just scratching the surface because you can imagine how it's transforming education and we're just beginning to see that in all aspects of it. not just teaching AI but more importantly how AI is being used to teach other disciplines and integrate it much more deeply into the curriculum and also potentially changing pedagogy as you know CMU has a long history of work in the area of science of learning I'll come back to that in a second if we have time for it but I want to go back to um Dualingo and your business model and particularly with the current generation of AI um a lot of work that you did years ago, of course, depended on crowdsourcing and that that was a big piece of it. So, have generative AI changed your approach to the business model of Dualingo? You briefly alluded to it that the business model has evolved? I'm just curious whether this new generation of AI systems, what kind of effect is going to have on your business models moving forward. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's a couple of places where it has helped us business-wise. Um the first one is it has helped us you know if you're if you need to learn something one of the things that you need in order to learn is kind of like the content to learn like the curriculum and what the actual content is. Um all of that was mainly done by hand you know 3 four years ago and and more than that we basically did it by hand and that was both slow and expensive. Most of the content that we generate now is being generated by AI. Um and you know on the business side many people are like oh that can you can save costs and sure you can save costs but what's most amazing about it is that we have manage to increase the speed of content generation by like I don't know the number but it's like 20x uh we're able to generate the content just way faster. So things at this point we have way more content that we thought you know two three years ago we thought this was going to take us like a decade to get to to this point because at the speed at which we're generating content. Um so we're very happy with that. And then the other place that it has helped us with in in terms of our business model is um we are uh people are willing to pay for practicing conversation um with with our you know we call it video call with Lily is is the is the feature people are willing to pay for that and that has actually really helped our business model. We're able to charge a premium for that &gt;&gt; and it turns out um we're one of the few companies that can actually make money from AI. There's a lot of things that people are saying with AI that but not many companies are able to make money from it. For us, the usage of AI is actually profitable as in however much it costs us to do a a video call, we make way more from what we charge the user. So, we're able to make money from that. &gt;&gt; That's really impressive. Um, when I talk to leaders of global companies, often I ask them to share about a misconception about the company. Um, I want to give you that opportunity when you think about Duolingo, when you think about what people think of Dualingo. Um, is there one or two messages about Dualingo that you may want to share with us that would surprise us? I mean, there's a there's a number of misconceptions. I think of late one of the ones, you know, I'll say one of the things that happened um a few months ago, I um posted a a memo about our usage of AI and um it it went a little viral because people interpreted something that I should have been more clear about. Um they interpreted as I basically said that we as a company need to adopt AI everywhere we can. Um people interpreted as um I am going to lay off the entirety of our staff and just have AI do our work. Um and we got a lot of um well a lot of negativity because of that. I think a major misconception that people have is that we have employees. Uh in case you didn't know we have employees and we have not laid off anybody. We have actually we have never done a layoff of a full-time employee. So that's a major misconception. Um but you know at at a at a at a larger scale kind of more general I think the major look me in my job I have to serve multiple um constituents similar to you have multiple constituents like you have students you have you know whatever I I I have users that's a constituency investors because we're publicly traded company and employees they're like three three three different buckets and now this is of course a generalization it's a kind of a caricature but this is what the each of these groups wants investors what they want is for us to extract as much money as possible from our users. This a caricature but that's roughly what they want. Users what they want is to get everything for free. [laughter] Employees what they want is that we give everything for free but also to become millionaires. Like that [laughter] is that is kind of what everybody wants. Now of course you cannot make everybody happy. But I think the misconception is that each one of these groups I don't think realizes how much care we spend trying to cater to them and to do right by them. So in the case of users, I don't think they realize how much internal discussions there are that we are like no we need to continue giving education for free we need to do the free product really good etc. For investors I don't think they realize how much how much you know we spend about like no we need to do right by investors we need to do you know we need to monetize etc. So I I think it's just each each three of each one of these uh three groups um has a misconception that we don't care about them but we care a lot about them. I I suspect your users all know you care about them and I suspect that. &gt;&gt; Have you gone to our subreddit? Because &gt;&gt; I I don't think so. &gt;&gt; Really? I &gt;&gt; see the dual employees are there and they don't know. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Have you seen what they write about university and university presidents online? [laughter] &gt;&gt; I I have to say &gt;&gt; some of my email messages. &gt;&gt; Kudos to you for not going to any um congress uh things or anything &gt;&gt; testifying to me? &gt;&gt; No, no testifying. to you for not getting fired. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Well, half of my board is sitting here. So, &gt;&gt; he's good. [laughter] &gt;&gt; So, actually you brought up um um the workforce and you brought up in fact um the misconception about AI and potential impact of it on the workforce. Of course, one of the concerns that exist um I'll quote for you something that I read in Harvard Business Review just just recently that the halflife of skills is now less than 5 years &gt;&gt; and in fact halflife of many technology skills these days is 2 and a half years. Well, not a surprise. Um, when you think about the role of AI and some of the emerging technologies on the labor market, not not on Dualingo per se, but really about on the economy [snorts] given um the individuals that you interact with and the circle of your friends. Um, how should we be thinking about it? Because clearly the future of work is in flux. We know some jobs are going to be lost, some jobs are going to be uh transformed and some new jobs are going to be created. What's your take on it in terms of the impact of a AI &gt;&gt; on on the labor market? &gt;&gt; I'll tell you a few things that we think about at Dualingo. So, first of all, um you know, internally the way we think about AI is as an accelerant for our effort, not as a replacement for humans. &gt;&gt; Um we have not really seen a place where you can really like replace a full-time employee with AI. It's just kind of not good enough yet for that. It's incredible, but it's just kind of not good enough for that yet. Uh but it can definitely accelerate. So, we see it as an accelerant. Um and we're trying to get everybody in the company to adopt AI as much as possible. Uh one of the things we did over the summer is we actually made it so that I think it's essentially 100%. And hopefully it's 100% but the idea was that 100% of our employees and this this is not just engineers people from HR people from the finance team 100% of our of our employees should have vibe coded so like basically written a program with AI um and we did that I I believe 100% of our employees have now written programs even though they didn't really know how to program before many of them they have now done that so we're trying to train all of our employees to do this as much as possible and and I think the idea is that we're going to be we're going to be needing to reskill people uh often. Uh that that's my guess. Um the other thing I'll tell you, one thing that we do that is u maybe a little contrarian to what's being said in the news. Um in the news there's a lot of you know news articles that are saying like oh large companies are or companies are not going to need to hire uh college grads anymore because who needs them? They're they're like you got to train them etc. And anyways AI can do what college grads can do. Like you can see that I feel I feel very contrarian against that. Um we are we are doubling down on our hiring for college grads because if you ask me uh if what you want is people who are going to be really first of all kind of more AI native and secondly uh a lot more willing to uh accept change and in I'll just speak for myself I will not speak for others but as I get older I accept change a lot less I will tell you that. Um, so we're we're doubling down on on on hiring um uh you know, straight out of university and and and our belief is that we'll be able to to if need be retrain them over time, but right now we just haven't seen full need for retraining, but that's what we're that's what we're doing. &gt;&gt; Bethany, just a warning. I'm going to come to you with some questions. Are you ready for me? &gt;&gt; I should have said we're hiring. That's I [laughter] was &gt;&gt; Yeah, we'll come back to the hiring in just a moment, but Bethany, why don't we start with one or two questions from the audience? &gt;&gt; Sure. Um, first question. During the five years that your company wasn't profitable, what made you keep going? And was there a pivotal moment that sticks out to you that made you keep going? Um what made us keep going is is the same thing that makes me keep going now is I I think we really can um affect uh the world positively through education and I think that's what kept everybody going. Um we we really you know we we touch a lot of people. We literally touch more than 100 million people. Um and and mostly for for positive reasons. So that that's what kept me going. Um I'll I'll say one thing that was this is not from those five years but that I just learned I'll just say because I just learned. Um last year we launched a bunch of different courses uh for basically it think of it as it's not exactly this but think of it as courses between European languages. So it's like uh learning Italian for Hungarian speakers or we we launched a lot of these courses. We didn't launch the cross products. We didn't launch all combinations, but we launched about 80 courses for different combinations of European languages. And somebody did a study, not paid by us or anything. I I just saw it for the first time. Somebody did a study that showed that after a year of us having done that, um the the desire to move to that country increased by 45%. like globally in each one of these countries for the country courses that we had we are actually affecting mobility in the world um and that's the type of impact that we have so that is that is what keeps us going that we just we see that we have real impact in the world &gt;&gt; that's fascinating &gt;&gt; Bethany &gt;&gt; Duolingo has positioned and prided itself as a Pittsburgh based company what is it about being in Pittsburgh that gives it a competitive advantage &gt;&gt; I'm very happy with us uh having started in Pittsburgh of course have offices in other in in in other cities now. Uh but our largest office and our headquarters are in Pittsburgh. Um there's a couple of things that I think have helped us a lot being in Pittsburgh. I think one um is that you know education has not been one of the sexy things that technology attacks. It's not like education any we're not like cryptocurrencies or like whatever like education has just been education. And I feel that had we been in you know a larger tech call it like Silicon Valley or something I feel like we would have probably pivoted to one of the hype things whereas we've been we've been able to remain steadfast in our uh uh commitment to education without just this all the noise I think that has actually helped us. Uh the other thing that I think helped us uh certainly early on was um we were I think able to hire um kind of above our weight um many of our particularly people in our executive team. had we been in uh you know a larger uh headquarter in like New York or Silicon Valley or something when we were a smaller company they probably would have taken a different job not our job but we ended up being able to hire people that just happened to have to be in Pittsburgh because they had aging parents or a kid or something like that. Um you know one of my favorite stories was uh our first CMO um the reason we were able to hire her she had been the the head of marketing for all of Nintendo. We're a much smaller company than Nintendo. Um, and we she became our CMO. And the reason she became our CMO was because she wasn't uh she was a mother of a single child who got accepted at Carnegie Melon and she moved here, the poor kid. Uh, but she moved here [laughter] to be with him and then she's like, uh, well, I this is was kind of the best job in town. So, I think that has helped us quite a bit. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I have to tell you, &gt;&gt; but thank you for accepting said child. I don't know why you did that, but I'm sure he's smart. &gt;&gt; I I I have to tell you, I hear this a lot. A lot of parents move to be closer to their children. What they don't realize is the children are trying to get away from &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, they don't realize [laughter] it. &gt;&gt; Usually about a 2 three hour distance is a right amount. Anyway, um we're on topic of the education. I want to I want to highlight something. First of all, there are not a lot of companies that are in the education and technology space that are as successful as Dualingo has been. It's it's quite remarkable because if you look at education every 10 years or so there's some new gadget and we believe it's going to transform education. In fact, CMU as you and I have talked about this has a long history of doing research in the science of learning. This goes back multiple decades at least five decades of research in this. You know 30 years ago we believe that oh if you give every kid a laptop they magically they'll learn. &gt;&gt; Yeah. magic and then it was oh everybody needs internet connectivity then that would change education and in fact the point you were making about if dualingo was somewhere else you remember the craze around muks just 101 15 years ago where everybody believe that in fact again muks is going to transform education but fundamentally I think what most people miss is that we have to look at the role of technology in enhancing learning outcomes and what's remarkable about dualingo is very similar ilar to the way CMU has approached science of learning. It's really being able to measure and demonstrate that technology can be used to improve learning outcomes and make it much more adaptive, much more personalized. All of those candidly attributes that we look at that transform education that's at the core of what CMU science of learning is. I see it actually in Dualingo. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you. &gt;&gt; Quite quite it it is. I I now understand what you mean. When we started Duolingo, I truly thought, how hard can it be to teach a language? Um like because you know, you think these things, you're like, well, in the 80s there were these cassettes that taught you a language, so how hard can it be? Turns out those cassettes didn't actually teach you the whole language. They just taught you like greetings and stuff. It turns out that in order to teach a subject of substance, you need, you know, hundreds, if not thousands of hours of interactive content of some sort that is high quality, that needs to keep people engaged, etc. And I now, again, after more than 10 years of working on this, I now realize that, you know, teaching something really well is um is is is kind of as hard as like, I don't know, making a self-driving car or something. It's really hard. Um and I did not realize that I now understand that after 10 years of banging my head against the wall and yes &gt;&gt; which was remarkable is that also the way Dolingo approaches it is it's adaptive because individuals learn at different rates and pace. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; I may be able to learn certain subject very differently from you. we might be much faster at it and dual linguist essentially is mastering that that insight into learning at different pace and make it much much more adaptive. Luis and I were talking right before we we um came on the stage about their interest in hiring individuals who are working in the science of learning &gt;&gt; in addition to all the hiring have done. So this is for the community at Carnegie Melon. Given the kind of research we do, given the kind of students that produce, I have to tell you this is advertising for Dualingo. By the way, they have interest. They have interest in hiring individuals. They hire great computer scientists. Of course, they I'm sure hiring great user interface designers and so on and so on, but they're also interested in science of learning. Can you tell me a little bit about where that interest comes from? I think we briefly touched on it. Uh I mean look um we need we are uh we are pretty good at teaching um but we can be a lot better uh our goal is you know the best at the moment the best way that humanity knows how to teach is with a very competent one-on-one tutor human tutor that is that is if you want to if you are infinitely wealthy and you want to learn something very quickly you go and you hire yourself a one-on-one tutor and you get them to do, you know, as many hours as possible. That is known. It is known that that does much better than a classroom. That that it's just how it works. Um, however, of course, that's very expensive. Also, it has it has the problem that you do require you you do need to be very committed for this. Like it it's got to put in the hours, etc. But our goal is to be as good at teaching and hopefully even more engaging that a that a one-on-one tutor. That that's the goal. We're not we're not there. We're nowhere near there. Um, but I want to get there over hopefully over the next decade. And we need people to help us do that. Um, and and one of the things that we're finding is that it's hard to find these people. I mean, there's just not very many people in the world that have thought that deeply about how to teach, particularly how to teach with technology. Um, there's a lot of people that there's a lot of people that have taught a lot thought a lot about how to teach like as a human teacher and they've done a great job. This is great and there's a lot of knowledge about that. There's just not that much knowledge about how to get a a computer to to do it. And by the way, I really want to uh you know because I get in trouble every time I talk about this. Our goal is not to replace teachers. I just want to make make that clear. Teachers are serve incredible you know I was a teacher here. They serve they serve a lot of a lot of incredible jobs. But our goal is that you know a combination of a teacher and the computer can do much better than just the teacher or the computer alone. And also it turns out that the a large fraction of humanity doesn't have access to a really good teacher. So we want to be there for that. &gt;&gt; That that's such an important point you're making. You're you're so right about this. It's not about replacing teacher. It's actually uh providing better outcome as far as instructions are concerned. But furthermore being able to do it at scale. Yeah. What we're not able to do even in this country as rich as we are, we're not able to provide a tutor for every student in K through 12. So if we're able to use technology, and this is really at the core of what CMU's research in science of learning is, if we're able to use technology to provide essentially something that gets as close as having every kid have their own tutor, we could potentially transform education. Um, I want to go back to Bethany and take a couple of more questions from our audience. And somebody's going to tell me we're out of time at some point, right? &gt;&gt; You have five minutes. &gt;&gt; Okay, great. So, we have about 10 minutes or so before we wrap up. &gt;&gt; So, &gt;&gt; I had forgotten how universities work. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. Yeah, Bethany, let's let's &gt;&gt; take another question. &gt;&gt; Going off of what you were just talking about, we have a question. What kinds of capabilities has Dolingo been able to introduce based on what it can learn from folks who are using the platform? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, so, you know, it's very interesting. We um we when you use Duolingo uh we know every single you know every single exercise we give you and we know whether you got it right or whether you got it wrong. If you got it wrong we have a relatively good idea of why you got it wrong and we get billions of these exercises. I mean it's like a billion a day or something like that. It's a little more than that. um every single day. We have that data and we use that data to give um you know people the the right exercise certainly in terms of difficulty. Um so we're we're we're doing quite a bit of that um because because we can measure that. &gt;&gt; That's correct. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; it's back. &gt;&gt; Okay. I have one that I know you the answer to, so I'm going to ask it. Dolingo is primarily a language education company. Does do you have any plans to venture into teaching science or mathematics? &gt;&gt; We teach math people. Whoever asked this should know. Uh I'm so okay. We are yes we primarily the vast majority of our users of course are learning a language that is it's called Dolingo. There's a language in there. So yes, we teach we mainly have taught languages but about about I don't know how long ago four years ago or so we decided that we wanted to you know we are doing so well in language and we believe that many of the things that we do with language um we can we can uh you know put in other subjects and we believe we can teach other subjects well with a mobile app. So we started uh we started math. Uh so we teach math. Then we started with music. So we also teach music. And as of about three months ago, maybe four months now. We also teach chess. Um so we have math, music, and chess. Well, we'll likely do other subjects. I at the moment we are not working on any other subject. And it's not like I'm being secret or anything. We're literally not working on any other subject at the moment. Um I would love to be able to teach science. Uh what I'll tell you is that I've been wanting to teach science for a while. Uh and in the meantime, we added a music course and I really wanted to teach science after that. And in the meantime, we also added a chess course. So I don't know if the next course we add is science, but I would like our next course to be added to be science. Uh but you see how much people listen to me. It is just not what has happened. &gt;&gt; Bethany, thank you for leading the witness. That was really good. Um I want to um pivot to a slightly a different topic. Um, in addition to of course being on the faculty at CMU and of course you're an alum of Carnegie Melon, um, you just finished serving on a presidential advisory board for enterprise creation &gt;&gt; for set president. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. For for CMU, uh, an industry engagement. This was co-chared by Terresa Meyer and Ron Bianini who's a trustee and a former faculty and came back with some amazing recommendations for which we're grateful for. First of all, thank you for serving on this committee which included a number of alum and few members of our community on the faculty as well. But if you step back, what advice do you have for CMU when it comes to technology transfer and engaging with industry? I I preface that by saying that you're an incredibly successful technologies, a successful CEO who has a very different lens from uh most of us. well I'll say uh I think CMU has you know over the years gotten better at this or you know certainly much better than when I started as a PhD student. Uh Lenor is here. She started uh this thing called project Olympus which was really really uh quite you know transformative I thought. I mean I think it's just you know it's a matter when different different people speak different languages and I don't mean like French versus Spanish. Um I I mean like um at a university there's like it's like the re certainly at Carnegie Mel it's like the research language that is like certainly and certainly in computer science it's like the research language is the language that is being spoken. It's not entirely compatible to the business language. &gt;&gt; Um and I think the more we can do to bridge these things the better. Um I was you know we were just doing an interview upstairs uh and I was saying you know one of the things about working between companies and uh certainly companies and universities working together is that there's a little bit of a mismatch in the language and again I'm going to use a caricature of what happens. So if you talk to people inside of Dualingo um we want to work with a university like everybody at Dueling we want to work with the university that's a thing people want. If you talk to people at university they want to work with companies like that is a thing people want. However, they kind of can't speak each other's language because what happens is that the people at a university are like, "Yes, I want to work with companies." Okay? And then they say, "Yes, what I want from them is money and data." Like that's what they'll tell you. I want I want their money and I want all their data because I can do my research with that. Um, great. On the on the company side, we don't want to give either money or data. And we're like, well, what we want is for them to just solve our problem that we have that may they may not even care about, but we want you to solve our problem. So it's it's this funny thing that we have to find uh some you know something in the middle like like a middle ground um that that that allows people to do that. So that's that's certainly for working with companies. In terms of starting companies um you know I really like that uh uh anything having to do with ter and computer science getting together etc. you do need a kind of a business mind and more of a technical mind. So I I really like um any kind of um collaboration there. I think you're right that CMU has come a long way and of course Lenor has played a huge role in this and now with the Schwarz Center and Project Olympus but we still have a lot of work to do. Not to mention that the nature of relationship with the private sector is also rapidly changing as a result of the pace of advances that we're seeing. So this is something that we're going to continue to work on especially with Teresa's leadership. A couple of last very quick questions. By the way, we started late so we can't go late. I know you have a flight to catch, but &gt;&gt; that's not how it works. We started literally [laughter] like I got it. Okay, &gt;&gt; universities. I'm telling you, of course. &gt;&gt; Did you know that when I was here, there were faculty meetings that had no end time? [laughter] &gt;&gt; Like that was a thing. And I'm like, there has no end time? &gt;&gt; I I think as university president, I can't advocate for that, but I think we still have faculty meetings that have no end time. [laughter] So, um, listen, you have a reputation. Uh, you've grabbed some national headline for this. Um, &gt;&gt; I hope it's good. Whatever you're about to say, &gt;&gt; it's good. You advocate for hard work, but also you advocate for having fun in a workplace and enjoying the environment. &gt;&gt; What is a fun stipent at Dualingo? &gt;&gt; Uh, I mean, &gt;&gt; how do I get one of those? &gt;&gt; But you don't work there. You could come work for us. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; uh, let's see. &gt;&gt; We'll see how it goes after this interview, but go ahead. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Look, it's not just a fun time. I mean, we, you know, one of our operating principles is, uh, we have five operating principles. One of them is make it fun. Um, and for that we mean both the product and the company and and part of the reason for the company is look we are inherently doing something that people even though they may tell you they want to do they don't actually want to do we just learn something. It's like most people your average person would much rather just spend time watching Tik Tok. Uh like that is just how it is. So we need to make it fun for people to actually do that. But internally we want to have a fun culture that generates this fun thing. Uh so we try to try to do um a lot of fun things. We do have a budget for uh for people to do you know it's basically uh a hundred bucks a month I believe that you where you can you know start clubs and stuff stuff like that. So we have we have a budget for that. Um but you know we have a really fun work environment. I'll say um I uh you know one of interesting things that recently happened. The chess team we have a team that does chess at Dualingo for our chess course seceded from the office. Um and they keep sending us official communications about how they succeeded. It's it's all in fun. Uh and our Detroit office is interceding and trying to be a diplomatic mediator between them. So it's like a whole thing. So you know this is the type of fun that we have. Um &gt;&gt; that's [laughter] great. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; I'm going to have you your department should see from &gt;&gt; I just Yeah, I can see how this is going to work. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Engineering college is raising their hand already. So &gt;&gt; don't succeed. You're not Texas. Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. [laughter] I know you like tacos. &gt;&gt; I love tacos. &gt;&gt; And I &gt;&gt; They are the most American of foods. &gt;&gt; Yes. And I remember you telling me not too long ago there not good enough good Mexican restaurants in Pittsburgh. &gt;&gt; And [snorts] remember, I went to school at Texas, so I I know exactly what you mean. I did manage to go to the Duo restaurant that's um &gt;&gt; right down the road from here and at where your offices are. So, uh, how did that lead? What happened? How did is that part of Dolingo? &gt;&gt; Yes, we have we have a taco restaurant. It is at the Dualingo office. Uh, it is open to the public. You can go there. Uh, it's not free. You have to pay. &gt;&gt; By the way, I just tried it. It's fabulous. &gt;&gt; It's the best tacos in town. I can I can I'm not biased or anything, but they're the best tacos in town. Um, uh, the the I'll tell you when I moved to Pittsburgh, not only was it cold, it's like the one place in the world where there are, and I'll say this because I'm also Latino, where there are basically no Latin people. And at the time, the way I thought about it is where are the Mexicans? Um, [laughter] like it just by the time when Yelp finally came out, which I don't know what year that was, the number one Mexican restaurant in Pittsburgh was Taco Bell. Like that was the number one ranked Mexican restaurant in Pittsburgh, which is insane. &gt;&gt; Um, so I thought, you know, we're finally in a position to do something about it. So, we decided to start our own taco restaurant. Uh, it is excellent and, um, it is it is a pet project of mine. um it loses money. Uh so our CFO doesn't love it. Uh but it doesn't lo the good news is it doesn't lose a lot of money. It just loses a little bit of money. Uh but the reason it loses money is because the ingredients are really good. And um you know in Pittsburgh it's kind of hard particularly tacos. It's hard to charge a lot for tacos because people kind of expect like $1 tacos. Uh these are not $1, but they're you know they are they are cheaper than the ingredients is what I'll tell you. Um so we lose a little bit of money. So, by the way, it really is terrific. And we have a couple of more good Mexican restaurants now, unlike years ago. But no, but but [laughter] I I had to get it out there because I know that &gt;&gt; you're very possessive about this issue. &gt;&gt; Farnum, [laughter] &gt;&gt; here's the thing about Guatemala. You know how it's under me? Guatemala is Mexico's Mexico. &gt;&gt; I [laughter] see. &gt;&gt; That's where I'm from. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, I'm extra Mexican. &gt;&gt; Okay. So with that, what what is what's a perfect taco? &gt;&gt; Uh if you ask me, what matters the most? What matters the most is the tortilla. &gt;&gt; Oh wow. &gt;&gt; That is what matter that you know making the chicken. Anybody can make chicken. Uh what matters the most is the tortilla. At our taco restaurant, we hand make and namalize the tortillas right there. The fact that I know the word namalyze should tell you. &gt;&gt; Yes, absolutely. And it's really quite good. I think your restaurant say about other restaurants. Don't say about other restaurants. &gt;&gt; I think your restaurant is going to do really well with this advertising. &gt;&gt; This is it. Everyone go there &gt;&gt; watching this on live stream. Um folks, we're just about out of time. I want to have [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're just about out of time. So, I want to ask one final question, a serious question. Please. &gt;&gt; And I often ask this when we have invited guests, but you're one of us. You spent so many years here on campus. Um, we have a number of students in the audience. I know a number of students are watching this on live stream because we advertised it. Uh, think about it that we have drama students, we have computer science students, engineering students, and so on. If you could travel back a couple of decades when you were in college, what pieces of advice, couple of pieces of advice would you have for our students when you think about yourself at that stage in in your journey? &gt;&gt; Um, I'll give advice that is very much what where I could have done better. um when I was certainly when I was in college um I spent most of my college time really uh being learning as much as I could kind of academically I got that's kind of what I spent all my time on. I I was a really good student. I went nuts with the books. I I I I did a lot and I kind of thought that this is what I needed to do just learn as much math as I could, etc. And and look, it's paid off. Of course, I'm I'm very happy that I learned all of that. But at the time, I I really thought that um learning kind of people skills was I I'll be honest, it sounds terrible, but this is what I thought at the time. I was very confused. I thought that was beneath me to learn people skills. I'm like, ah, I don't who needs that? Like I I didn't respect that really. That was a major mistake on our end on my end. Um the reality is that at this point my job is almost entirely dealing with people and people problems. Um and I wish that I had done a you know spent more time not only not only taking like psychology courses which that helps a lot but just kind of developing a little more as a you know like a people leader. Um I wish that I had that I had done that. It took me a very long time uh to get better at that. I I have an interesting story. The first person that I had to fire this was a Duolingo. Um, I was so bad at firing them that they came back the next day because they they did not understand that they were being fired. [laughter] Uh, I I because I was like, I can't hurt their feelings, so I'm going to sugarcoat it. But I sugarcoated it so much that they came back the next day. And then, this is the incredible part is that I fire them again. And still, I failed. I had to fire them a third time. uh when I had to go read like on Google uh how to fire somebody and I learned a very important thing that you should start by saying we're going to have to let you go. Like you start with that as opposed to whatever the hell is this I did. Um anyways, uh learn more people skills is the advice that I would give. Certainly the the math and computer nerds. I think they they they end up paying off. &gt;&gt; Well, that's great advice. Folks, please join me in thanking Louise for being here. I do [applause and cheering] I do have uh one one more request. You know, this is our 125th anniversary of the university and this is a kickoff event. So, I've talked to Luis and he's agreed, as you know, we do a lot of selfies around campus. Students do a lot of selfies with me and others. So, Luis has agreed to be in a selfie with all of you that we're going to take right now &gt;&gt; in parallel, not in serious. [laughter] Everybody ready for this? &gt;&gt; All right, let's do it. &gt;&gt; We're going to do one from this side of the stage and another one from this. &gt;&gt; This is an actual selfie that you will take. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Without a stick. Okay. &gt;&gt; Oh, without a selfie stick. Trust me on this, my friend. Here we go. Okay. Uh-oh. The lights. The lights. Somebody is going to have to turn down the lights. What's that? &gt;&gt; We'll get it. &gt;&gt; We get it. Okay. Because we tried this earlier today &gt;&gt; and it kind of What's that? Here we go. It's a little better. I'm &gt;&gt; getting an email. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. Great. Yeah, I'm getting an email. Here we go. Ready? Let's do one from the other side. All right. Come on. [applause] &gt;&gt; You know I do this during commencement. &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; I do. &gt;&gt; But I have a selfie stick for that. Here. &gt;&gt; Ready for this? &gt;&gt; I'm I'm ready. &gt;&gt; All right. Great. Oh, this is going to be even better. Oh my god. This is going to be this is a masterpiece. [laughter] Folks, once again, please join me. [cheering and applause] Where's your owl? You were told. Okay. &gt;&gt; So, we were told that we will have these stuffed animals and Louis has agreed to throw this in the audience and somebody Don't hurt yourself though trying to go for it. Go for it. I was literally told to throw this. This your team agreed to this. I'm I have no I had no role in this. I don't usually throw stuffed animals at people. &gt;&gt; Here we go. &gt;&gt; I'm going to do the Scotty dog on this side of the room. Here we go. [applause and cheering] &gt;&gt; Once again, &gt;&gt; they got rid of it. &gt;&gt; Folks, please join us for the reception outside. Thank you again for being here. Pleasure to have you here. Thank you. Thanks for [applause] being here. Um all right. Okay.
