---
ticker: DUOL
type: youtube
title: "Duolingo Stock Analysis! Buying Opportunity?"
channel: "The Patient Investor"
date: 2025-11-05
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpXqz2-02A8
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 7530
---

# Duolingo Stock Analysis! Buying Opportunity?

## 视频信息
- **频道**: The Patient Investor
- **日期**: 2026-04-02
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpXqz2-02A8

## 转录全文

Dualingo just reported earnings. The stock is down 20% in the after hours. This is absolutely insane. I've seen a lot of coverage of the stock on X of people confused. Like the report was actually amazing. But why is Duolingo down 20%. Well, this could be somewhat normal because now in this market, there's a lot of stocks reporting good earnings, including some of my stocks, and they're going down five or six or 7% on no news, but it didn't go down 20%. I believe there's a reason why Dualingo is down 20% so far in the after hours. I'm going to talk about this reason and give you an update and my fair value on the stock. So, I really hope you enjoy it as always. And you guys have been asking me about the stock from 370 and I told you it was too hyped up. I said my fair value on the base case scenario is somewhere around 290 now trading at 200. So, this is going to be very very interesting. But in terms of the report itself, it was absolutely amazing. They grew daily active users 36%, monthly active users 20%, paid subscribers 34% and the paid subscriber penetration which is as a percentage of monthly active users has increased by half a percent. This is a big deal because 135 million people use the platform every month but only 11 and a half million of them are on a paid subscription. The rest are on a free subscription where they pretty much advertised to them, but they can still use the application. And everything else was pretty much really good with the company. I have nothing bad to say about it. And they said we are one of the few companies that has found a way to make a profit off of AI. This is actually a profitable thing for us. And all those things sound amazing. You look at the trend. The trend has been amazing also in terms of revenue growth every single quarter. So the question is why is Dolingo going down? Well, when I analyzed Dualingo, I told you guys that they're going to come a point where the company is going to hit a gross wall because of the niche they are in, which is mainly in languages. That's why they're trying to expand. But now they're in languages. They have 135 million. Out of 135, only 11 million are paid. So there's really not much to go with that. And they could still expand it. I mean there's over three or four or seven billion people on earth and a lot of people want to learn new things and they want to do certain things. So they have a very large total addressable market. So I said they're ultimately going to hit a growth wall but I don't believe it's going to be anytime soon. Now based on the company's guidance the market believes that the growth wall could potentially be here because if you look at their latest guidance for Q4 is pretty much the same revenue number as of Q3. It's it's like 1% quarteron quarter growth. This is a massive deceleration guys from the previous quarters. Dualingo was growing at an average of 38% quarter on quarter. They just keep on going. Well, now this quarter guidance is pretty much 1% growth. So maybe the market is thinking that Dualingo is hitting the growth wall and there's nothing they can do after Q4 and it's going to be downhill from there with a potentially decline. Now this is too early to tell. I've seen many times companies like Meta and Amazon they don't grow on the cloud or they don't grow in members and people say oh the company has peaked it's too mature it has peaked but then it's just a one-off and then the next quarter after that it gets better and better and better but this is concerning we look at another trend which is mainly uh you could say is a quarteron quarter growth for for you could say the first one is monthly active users it has declined from 39% growth 36% 32% now it's at 19% % quarter on quarter in terms of monthly active users. We look at the daily active users has declined from 59% 39 now it's at 35%. So all the gross numbers quarter on quarter sequentially they have been declining and this is a concern for Dualingo. And by the way I'm using fiscal.ai to come up with those charts because no other company has such charts. If you want to try it out they give you two weeks of free access if you use my link into the description. But I believe a lot of the things that I talked about here in terms of a potential growth wall which is concerning. Now I'm not seeing how that is going to happen because again is huge and they expanding in into chess and to many different games. So I don't see how that's going to happen right now. It just feels too early for me. So if I have to bet I would bet on the growth reacelerating after Q4. This is just a one-off due to certain reasons and it's going to get better from here. This is what I would bet if I had to bet on it. Now, in terms of my valuation model, I'm taking an extremely conservative valuation model. In my previous video, I put up 30% for 2026 and 25 2020 and I use 30P. I got $582 per share upside potential over the next 5 years. And this one, I'm going to be even more conservative and I'm going to use 30% 2515 to account for a potential deceleration in earnings Porsche growth. Although the company could be much more profitable than it is, they have insane gross margins. So if they want to really expand profitability, they can do it and I believe that will likely be conservative. The current PE ratio is actually around 30 times earnings as of the selloff around 30 times. I took it down to 25 times earnings as I believe the company will have much higher margins in the future. It will likely trade between 20 to 25 times earnings maybe on a low case scenario. So this is a very conservative valuation model using everything I showed you which is a massive deceleration from 60% growth to 30 25 to 15 and 25p I'm getting 114% on the upside or $428 per share over the next 5 years which would be a double or around 16.4% annual return over the next 5 years. So to me Dolingo over here is looking very interesting. It looks it's looking too cheap to ignore I would say in terms of the worst case scenario on the company. Now in terms of the investment in general quarteron quarter of only 1% is concerning normally what I would do is I would wait one another quarter and see if this is sustainable. So if maybe Q1 was also flat that that's a concern then I would maybe not even enter Dualingo or maybe I would look into doing something about it if I have a position. But if let's say the quarter after that came in much better and the stock went up 20% then I don't really care because I'm more focused on entering the right growth trend than trying to like catch the bottom or do certain things. So this is what I do whenever I look at a quarteron quarter flattish or decline. I want to wait one more quarter, see if how that looks like. If it's looking better, then okay, maybe there's time to enter. If it looks bad, maybe another flat quarter, then maybe dual linguist speaking now. Although I'm not seeing it, but it's possible. And if you keep an open mind, you're going to see it. But to me, it looks like a good opportunity. Not much has changed from the past, you know, except that quarter guidance, but the company again is known for being conservative and they beat on it. But that's really my opinion on Dualingo. I think the selloff is overblown. It does. It's not deserved and I'm not sure how long that's going to last. But I hope you enjoyed it. It was not financial advice. If you did, please press the like button and maybe consider subscribing. So, I'll talk to you in another
