---
ticker: CANVA
type: youtube
title: "CFO Explains CANVA’s $42 Billion Valuation but ZERO Profit"
channel: "CFO Hero Project"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VA5Eu0kMVgA
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 8582
---

# CFO Explains CANVA’s $42 Billion Valuation but ZERO Profit

## 视频信息
- **频道**: CFO Hero Project
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VA5Eu0kMVgA

## 转录全文

Canva is an amazing success story which has now hit a valuation of 42 billion US. So how does a CFO help drive the extraordinary valuations of high growth tech companies? And when is it by pushing traditional boundaries that some consider to be stretching the truth? That's the focus of this video. Now surely every wannabe CFO seems to fantasize about being the CFO for a tech startup. get paid in equity, have massive bonus potential, and be a multi-millionaire as soon as the company goes public with an IPO. That's the dream, right? Of course it is. Any CFO would be lying if they said otherwise. But today, I'm going to get you to at least consider the other side of the equation. that uncomfortable space for a CFO where commercialization meets head-on with capitalization, professional credibility, and business ethics. And I'm going to use Canvas's latest announced valuation as the catalyst to talk through somewhat of a questionable practice going on behind the scenes or maybe in plain sight depending on how you look at it and what you understand about valuations and accounting principles. Now, this is not a just straight up hit piece on Canva. They're one of the biggest tech company success stories in Australia. Their founders have done an amazing job at growing the company and establishing themselves as a market leader in their segment. Hey, after all, I'm a Canva user and I love their product. And if you're new to the channel, welcome. My name's David. I've been a CFO for the past 13 years. I love to help the nextgen CFO leaders by making videos about the skills needed to succeed as a CFO and how to put yourself in the position to land the job. Today's more about challenging you to form an opinion one way or another on a very gray issue. If that sounds interesting to you, then subscribe so I can keep bringing you content like this. But let's go back to the valuations and set the scene here. Canva has raised a whopping $2.5 billion across 21 different funding rounds. The vast majority came in a single round in January 2024. Now, their first seed funding was all the way back in 2012 for a tiny $3 million. And that was when they were first launching the site. It was even just before they formally launched the company back in 2013. But over time, constant growth, success, and loyal customers have turned this into an unbelievable growth story. Along the years, the venture capitalists and investment banks are circling like vultures as they can all see the money that there is to be made. The founders of course will be looking to go public with an IPO at some stage as it can move them into the next phase of their career as a bonafide billionaire self-made entrepreneur. Success stories beyond anyone's imagination and members of the tech elite. Possibilities for them then become endless. Then there's the employees. With their shares, many of them will become instant millionaires. And and hey, some of them already are from private share sales. So in essence, every one of these groups wants the valuation to be as high as possible to make as much money as possible. That's just common sense. But behind the scenes, there is a whole lot of careful maneuvering going on to ensure that there is a publicized share valuation and company valuation that feeds into this machine. So let's consider Blackbird Ventures. They were one of the first seed investors back in 2013. It was reported they owned as much as 15% of Canva by around 2021. And in total, they've invested around $118 million US in Canva. But they've already cashed out at least $530 million through subsequent funding rounds and still hold at least 10% of Canvas share equity. Yet, Blackbird and some other venture capital investors upgraded their Canva valuation recently in September to $42 billion US. They alone are sitting on a portfolio worth at least over $4 billion now. So, there is a massive amount at stake. And don't forget, the two co-founders hold a stake that's worth over$13 billion US, which all sets the scene for a massive IPO potentially in 2026 and a whole lot of people cashing in for anything from millions to billions. And let's circle this back to the CFO role because Canva has claimed publicly to have been profitable for the past 7 years. So recently the news started to come out that in reality Canva has been very loose with the definition of profit because they filed company reports in Australia with ASCH in 2025 for the 2021 and 2022 years. Keep in mind Canva has over 7,000 employees now. I'm pretty sure a massive finance team as well. Yet they file their company reports over three years late. Guys, I don't miss a government filing deadline by even one day in my CFO role. Not even one day. Yet Canva missed by 3 years, which of course is a very deliberate strategy. The filings showed that Canva under proper accounting standards made losses for at least 4 years between 2019 and 2022. But remember, publicly they stated they were profitable that whole period. So what's going on here? Now, as a private company in Australia, they're obviously not subject to any of the continuous reporting requirements of the ASX. So, they have a ton more freedom to decide what information they'll release to the market, potential investors, investment banks, and existing investors. And to be fair, it's their right to release as little information to the market as possible unless it suits their narrative of exponential growth and huge market share. But Canva went one step further. They followed the herd of tech companies. Plenty of others have done this by the way where they threw the generally accepted accounting principles out of the window. Now here's how Canva have described it and I'll quote Canva has been profitable on operating free cash flow basis for the past 9 years. While our statuty financials can show accounting losses due to non-cash expenses like stock-based compensation, this is common amongst high growth technology companies that use these programs to attract and retain top talent. Okay, so here is the crux of the issue now. Canva redefined the term profit to be operating free cash flow. the funds left after operating expenses and capital expenditure. This way they can exclude the hundreds of millions they pay in stockbased compensation from the results. But if they can't get the top talent without offering that, then isn't that really just part of their normal operating expenses and therefore part of the calculation of what their actual underlying profit is? or is this like a one software in the future they won't be paying that sort of stock? We don't know. And shouldn't future investors be able to assess participating in an IPO with transparency around the historical performance of a company? Or can we just get by with the line that this is just common with high growth tech firms? I guess it's the my friends were all doing it excuse. So why does all this matter? Well, it depends on your perspective. It could be said that they filed reports three years late as they really had no intention of filing reports showing accounting losses before going to an IPO. But the IPO timing kept getting pushed out and it forced their hand of then having to release these reports. Now, was that deceptive? You can decide for yourself. If you've got a strong view on it, let me know below. And don't forget, this is yet another massive corporation with well over a billion dollars in annual revenue that pays no corporate tax whatsoever. Should they be held accountable, at least of having transparency of how they arrived at that? Plus, I'm not even going to read anything into the fact that their long-term CFO departed suddenly in early 2024 and it took more than half a year to appoint a new one or the fact they've had a change in auditor during this time. What I do know is that if you needed a CFO who was prepared to sign off on a profit figure that was based on free cash flow methodology for Canva, no doubt there would be a line going down the door and all the way down the block and beyond because money talks. Let me know your thoughts about the Canva situation and my analysis of it down below. I'd love to hear it. As I grow this channel, every little bit helps. So, if you can like the video, I'd appreciate it. For all the business and finance professionals, I've got tons more content coming designed just for you, starting with this one right here. Check it out and hit the subscribe button to join me as we delve deep into the world of the chief financial officer. Thanks for watching. Bye for now.
