---
ticker: CANVA
type: youtube
title: "I would love to see Canva go public, says Bullpen Capital’s Duncan Davidson"
channel: "CNBC Television"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gNUZFUQG6DE
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 5300
---

# I would love to see Canva go public, says Bullpen Capital’s Duncan Davidson

## 视频信息
- **频道**: CNBC Television
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gNUZFUQG6DE

## 转录全文

My next guest says this is just the beginning. Joining me now is Bullpin Capitals Duncan Davidson. Duncan, it's great to have you on. Why do you think it's just the beginning? &gt;&gt; This is what happened during the internet with the internet hit and it just first day pops were an indication the market was back. I mean, think about it this way. Even though this is a better year for IPOs, we really have not had an IPO flood since the co days. So, three years really bad. Now it's coming back and the first eight pops indicate how strong the demand's going to be for a whole bunch of new tech IPOs to come out. So I'm excited about this. &gt;&gt; So how much of this is a reflection of the actual type of companies that are coming to market and this and this excitement around AI and technology new technologies and how much of it is just a reflection of the fact that there hasn't been a lot of new issu issuance and investors are trying to pick up whatever they can when they can. Well, it's noteworthy that a lot of the first day pops are not AI. Fintech or other things, crypto, but not AI. And although they try to wrap an AI story around it, they're not really like Figma. It could talk AI. It's not an AI company. So, this is very healthy. We have something like $4 trillion of unicorns that are coraled. They need to get out. uh it's very healthy in the venture industry for the money to come back to venture, go to the limit of partners and get reinvested in the new stuff which is AI. So if that's what's about to happen, this is very healthy for the industry. &gt;&gt; Um one of the things I'm hearing from a number of executives across a number of industries is that 2025 you're starting to see the ramp up in activity, but 2026 the floodgates really open. Do you see it the same way? Yes, I think September, October is going to be a pretty vigorous month, but realize that the industry has not thought this was going to happen. And although some people have been filing and then withdrawing it, a lot of companies aren't prepared and now they're rushing to get prepared to get out in the fourth quarter or first quarter next year if they can. &gt;&gt; So, what is the takeaway for retail investors? Do you try and jump in as quickly as you can or do you wait for the lockup to expire? Well, one of the big mistakes we made was to kill off the small venture IPO. We killed it off 25 years ago. And just a quick comment, one of the reasons the hunger is here for new issues is that we have many fewer public companies today than 25 years ago and actually less stock. The stock of stocks is way down because of buybacks and you can't keep on piling into the MAG 7 that you the guy right before us said this, it's not sustainable. So we need more inventory and this is the way to get more inventory in. So at a at a simple level that's how to think of this market needs more inventory. These are great companies. Let's get them out. &gt;&gt; I mean I've had conversations with folks including by the way Jamie Diamond from JP Morgan who's been very vocal about this about the regulatory burden for public companies and how difficult it is for some of these fast growing startup companies to actually go public and if they don't have to they're they're willing not to. What do you think needs to change or is it already happening? It's not happening. This was a huge mistake. We killed off the small IPO. We killed off the tech oriented small bankers. And most of the uplift when you go public happens well after the retail person could have gotten in. You you get into Amazon at like 700 million value and you put in some money, you could be a multi-millionaire 20 years later. But when Facebook goes public, you know, in 2010 or so, it's already 100 million market cap. Most of the upside to the retail looked like it was gone. So big mistake. I hope Jamie Diamond works on trying to fix it. People have toyed with this, but nobody's fundamentally fixed it. It would be good to fix it because if I'm a retail investor, I don't buy at the IPO because I'm not going to buy at the IPO price. I'm going to buy at the big pop. I wait about six months and buy the dip. &gt;&gt; Got it. Uh we've got two more crypto IPOs this week. That seems to be a hot area. What are the other industries or types of companies that you're watching for? &gt;&gt; Well, I would love to see Canva go public. I think you might have flashed that up there. This will be a monster deal uh Figma like type of company. &gt;&gt; There's a number of others that people talk about all the time. Strive, data bricks, cla gets out, but the corral of unicorns that are worthy is huge. One other comment, everybody tries to think it's all about AI. To some extent it is, but these companies have software or fintech. That's really important. They're going to layer on top of it AI interface. In the future, you won't deal with software. You'll deal with an AI interface, but the software is still there underneath. So, one way to look at these companies coming out is do they have a great foundational ownership of a certain layer in in functionality and software, in which case they'll be able to go and survive, in fact, thrive in the AI era. David uh Duncan Davidson of Bullpen Capital. Thank you so much for joining me.
