---
ticker: CANVA
type: youtube
title: "Canva + Adam Shapiro ("The Bear") join SeriesFest for a Deep Dive on Marketing & Self-Promotion"
channel: "SeriesFest"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlnQ9kRjb-o
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 71674
---

# Canva + Adam Shapiro ("The Bear") join SeriesFest for a Deep Dive on Marketing & Self-Promotion

## 视频信息
- **频道**: SeriesFest
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlnQ9kRjb-o

## 转录全文

Hello everybody. I just wanted to give a second for everyone to come in, but welcome to our Canva Vanguard workshop today. Um, thank you all for tuning in. Um, you are here for the actor as marketer, a performers POV on brand building, storytelling, and self-promotion. I'm Randy Kleiner. I'm the co-founder and CEO of Seriesfest. Um, and I'm so excited to have you all join us. Um just a little uh quick update on what uh will be happening uh this afternoon with us. Um after our intros and house and housekeeping, um I'm going to bring out our incredible Vanguard for the day, Adam Shapiro. Uh and we're going to engage in a very exciting chat followed by a Canva demo with the amazing Canva expert, Brenda Cadman. Um and then we will have a Q&amp;A and survey. So a few quick things. If you have a question for Adam, for the Canva team, for me at SeriesFest, there is a Q&amp;A box at the bottom of your screen. Make sure to use it, post your questions, and we will get to as many as we can throughout the presentation. And of course, at the end, there is also a separate chat feature. So, we encourage you to chat. If you could start even by just telling us where you're from and what is the guilty pleasure TV series you are watching right now, not your favorite. I want to know the guilty pleasure you're watching. Um, so as I mentioned, you're going to be hearing from a couple different people today, starting with myself, um, our Vanguard, Adam Shapiro, our expert, Brenda Cadman, and right now I'm going to introduce you to the incredible, wonderful Rebie Silverman, global brand partnerships lead at Canva. &gt;&gt; Hi everyone. Thank you for the intro, Randy. Um, I'm excited to see people's guilty pleasure TV shows and it will make me feel bad about or feel better about um re-watching All of the Housewives right now. Um, but it's nice to see everyone. I know people will be trickling in. Um, but we'll quickly dive into what we're going to be covering today. Um, so obviously we're joined by Adam Shapiro and today is all about the art of brand building and marketing. uh which is sometimes a topic we really don't want to touch for ourselves. It can be hard to self-promote or uncomfortable or where do I begin? So we are going to dive into that with Adam today and then in our demo portion really exploring how canvas tools can take the ideas you have in your head, the thing you want to create to promote, you know, your body of work um into really standout quality marketing materials that truly set you apart. um even if you don't necessarily have that design background. Um but a little bit about Canva. Um I know a lot of folks are already on our tools. If you are newer to us, um a little bit about our brand and our product. Um so why we exist, our mission is to empower the world to design. Um and if you've used Canva before, you'll be very familiar with our very simple and easy to use drag and drop platform. If you are new, we will show you that today. Um, and our mission has always been to empower the world to design. But something we've seen develop rapidly over the past few years is that it's no longer just the designer's job to create beautiful content. It is really table stakes. I am probably telling this group nothing you don't already know, but we are all wearing the designer hat, the marketer hat, especially in today's economy. Uh, we are multi-hyphenets and really it's table stakes in this day and age to stand out in a visually compelling way. Um, so with that, uh, there's a lot about our tool that folks might not necessarily, uh, be aware of. So, you know, everything of course from presentations and pitch decks to social media, but way beyond that. So, things like sheets and docs and whiteboard and Canva video and print. So, we will cover some of that today, not all of that. And we'll give you some resources at the end as well um, to learn more about all of those. Um, and in addition to all of uh our visual suite doc types, uh they are infused with the power of magic studio. So if you're not familiar with that, that is canvas suite of AI tools. Uh magic design, magic media, magic eraser. That could be a workshop in and of itself. We will hit probably on some of those today again, but share resources for you all if you want to learn more. Um but before we dive in, uh as mentioned, we are going to hear from the expert himself, Mr. Adam Shapiro, actor, entrepreneur, series fest vanguard um on sort of the modern survival skills for um for uh yeah today's performer. So with that I'm going to pass back to Randy and uh let you kick off the com. &gt;&gt; Amazing. Thank you Rebby and we uh will look forward to hearing from you later. And um without further ado, you may recognize him most recently from playing Adam Shapiro on the Bear. Please welcome Adam Shapiro. And yes, that is a true statement. His character name is Adam on the Bear. Welcome, Adam. Thanks for joining us. &gt;&gt; What's up? I'm here. Can you see me? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we can see you. You're a guilty pleasure TV show that you're watching right now. Or &gt;&gt; uh just straight up season 3,248 of Dancing with the Stars. &gt;&gt; That's good. Yesterday's episode was quite uh quite entertaining. Ah, everyone's crying and dancing, doing all that modern contemporary stuff, which I really love the really like dramatic contemporary dancing. I'm obsessed. &gt;&gt; Love it. Love it. &gt;&gt; And people are doing it with like their kid. I'm like, this is the best TV ever. &gt;&gt; Totally. Um, all right. Well, Adam, based on a conversation we had, I kind of structured this conversation based on three kind of key skills that you you identified um to kind of help sort of shape this conversation. So, I'm going to jump right in with skill number one. And I really really love this one, which was be your own Swiss Army knife. Um &gt;&gt; absolutely. And I want to kind of start kind of way back because you um what people may not know about you is you are also an entrepreneur and you started this incredible theater company I am a theater and I wanted you and and I remember when you were talking to me it's like you were doing everything you were acting running tech designing posters. I believe you designed all of these posters you know how did that kind of experience shape your mindset as an artist and kind of a multi-hyphenate today? Oh yeah. First of all, Randy, thank you so much for having me. Canva, thank you guys. Um, this is the the type of thing I really geek out around. So, I'm so happy to be here. I think this is so cool. Um, I uh yeah, we started I am back in 2007 and it was just like eight actors and I was the only one who kind of knew my way around a computer. So all of a sudden I was the guy doing every poster, all the graphic design, website design, all the marketing, im any images that went out anywhere for I am a theater company. And I and I learned Photoshop and I learned Final Cut Pro and all these tools that really got us through. Um, and then eventually, uh, technology caught up and things like Canva came out, made it so much easier to be able to do this way quicker on the fly, using templates, using all of the uh, things that Canva does to make it so easy. But yeah, I started doing this and and you know, I didn't realize, you know, then starting my my soft pretzel company, Shappy Pretzel, which we'll get to. But how much uh doing all of the marketing and image work for Ayama was sort of like an education that uh it it translated exactly to what I want to do for my acting career, what I want to do for uh all of my social media stuff, the Shabby Pretzel brand, all that. So, it was a real education and then I'm still doing it and I love it. You know, a lot of it just started with like, all right, we have a photo of a production, but I want to make sure that that photo tells a story beyond just the, you know, the canvas of that the frame of that photo. I want to make sure that if someone's swiping on Instagram and they're flying through their feed, that they know not only is that a photo of me and somebody else in a play, but that we have our logo on there and it says I am a theater on the photo and maybe it says something about the play, maybe the title of the play or when the play is going up or when you how you can get your tickets. And I started adding context to all of our imagery. And that's something that um you know I I I remember a lot of people asking me like I have my logo but I don't know how to like turn that logo a different color so that it shows up on the exact image that I have or you know and I don't know how to make it smaller and put it at the quarter of my thing. And when I first started that was so hard to do. I mean you really had to like get Adobe Photoshop and really like get into it and really know how to Now it's like you got Canva. Bam. Pop the logo in there. you have your little suite there of all your branding things right there on the left. You just click on your logo and it's right there. So, um, that's sort of how that was like how my journey with graphic design and imagery and all that stuff began through Ayama. &gt;&gt; I mean, I think it's so incredible because you clearly embody this do-it-yourself spirit. And it's I think it's so incredibly important as an actor, as an entrepreneur. We all know that. I mean even starting series fest we're still a small staff and we all have to wear many hats and you know you've been talking about that how you had to you know you were also an actor and running a company and starting a company and designing you know posters and all the social media and you know where do you you know what what is your advice to to kind of you know whether you're a performer entrepreneur director producer like how important is it to kind of build your brand and &gt;&gt; yeah I think especially when you're an actor like you're the half of being a Hollywood actor is is the combin I know so many really talented actors that aren't working that much in Hollywood and I know a lot of I know some actors that are like not the best actors in the world but they're so good at branding you know and so I think you need a little bit of both a lot a bit of both and I think um you you kind of have to wear all those hats and be comfortable in them I mean now tech is a huge part of being an actor we're putting ourselves on tape for all of our auditions. Everything happens online. We really have to know our way around the computer and our phones and stuff like that. So, I think that, you know, even even if you can hire a publicist, they're still not going to be helping you with individual pieces of content, right? That might be a social media manager. And who amongst us is going to afford a social media manager, right? So, you're going to be have you're going to have to do everything on your own. And I think the more comfortable you get being able to make your own images, the more professional your entire brand looks and you can start to, you know, if we think about our social media pages, our Instagram page as a billboard, you know, and people are driving by like they would be driving by on the street, but they're just swiping up their screens. You want to make sure that your billboard is always there, that it's filling up the canvas of that billboard, the size that you're allowed to do on that street, and that there's context there so that even in a split second, somebody's going to know not just your fans worldwide, but also the people directly in our inner circles as artists here in Hollywood, they know exactly what you're up to and exactly what you're doing at all times. So, um, I think that just makes such a big difference as an artist. And and then then you can also, you know, talk about the fact that Canvas is not just making images. You're the we, you know, uh, like we just learned, you can be making pitch decks on there and things to print out and posters and all sort of marketing materials. So, um, it's pretty incredible. But yeah, make sure that if if there's a billboard available, make sure you're filling it with with what you want to put out there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I love that so much. Um, all right. So, be your own Swiss Army knife. But on to skill number two. And I love this one. Brand or be forgotten. And uh I'm going to start us off by playing a little video. And then I'm gonna have you uh tell us. Oh, &gt;&gt; okay. &gt;&gt; Behind this video. So, get ready. &gt;&gt; I love like taking energy that's already out there, right? And then and then using that to propel something. And so, for example, like with Shappy Pretzel, I there was never uh I was never going to like make that into a business, but there was just all this momentum and people were really digging the stuff that I was putting out there on Instagram about the pretzels and I was like, maybe I should like sell some of these pretzels and all of a sudden it's a company and and something happened with with branding for me as an actor, you know, not in addition to the fact that somehow I I'm always playing Adam Shapiro and I love to to sort of make fun of that and make videos on Instagram about that. Um, one of the things I kept seeing re like during the pandemic I posted a clip of me in a movie and somebody said, "Do you ever act without a messenger bag?" And like they said that in the comments and I was like, "That's such a weird comment." And I go to sleep that night. I'm thinking about it and then I go through my Dropbox folder of like all the video, all the video of all the things I've ever shot, all the TV shows, movies, plays, whatever. and uh there's a messenger bag in like 95% of the clips and I was like I don't think I do act without a messenger bag. So I go through the clips and I make a little reel of messenger bag stuff and I put it out there and everybody's sort of like lost their mind about it and all of a sudden I'm like like oh this messenger bag thing is really fun. I can maybe go on to a movie and be like, can I just like sneak a messenger bag into this one scene because I know at when the movie comes out, I'll be able to like make a little bit of content about the messenger bag. It's a really fun uh way almost like an inside joke with myself or anybody that follows me to talk about things that I'm about to be in without it being annoying, right? And so &gt;&gt; totally &gt;&gt; I I and now like the props world is so small because messenger bags is not given to you by costumes that's given to you by props and it's usually the last thing that that is given to you before you start shooting. Um so I don't even know what's happening but now all the props people that I've been working with for the past three years are like excited to sneak a messenger bag into the scene. Um so now it's I mean it's taken on a mind of its own. So, this video is one I I haven't posted this yet because uh I just did a a couple episodes of Lincoln Lawyer and it'll be on later, but of course I had to make this video about uh about my messenger bag cameo in the newest Lincoln Lawyer season. &gt;&gt; Um that's so funny. All right, let me try and see if this is going to play here. &gt;&gt; See if it works. &gt;&gt; Let's see. We'll give it a shot. &gt;&gt; Oh, ready for me? &gt;&gt; Yeah, they're ready for you. &gt;&gt; Ready for you on set, Mr. Shapiro? &gt;&gt; Mr. Shapiro. Lo and behold, Adam's character a messenger bag again. Say it loud messenger. [Music] &gt;&gt; But of course, I'm going to like, you know, screen grab the Netflix logo and use that on my own. And you know, one of the things I love to do when I'm working on shows, at the very top of the call sheet, maybe your lead, your your co-lead, they're going to get um a folder of content from the social media team, from the network or the studio, but the other 98% of the actors in the movie are not going to get any sort of content of like folder of assets or content, right? And I as somebody who's been in a lot of stuff I where I wanna I want to post about it. I want to be an asset to the show and I want to be posting about it, but it's like I want I want to post something that relates to me so that my followers are like, "Oh, Adam's in that and this is what he's doing." Right? So, a lot of times I'll I'll go over to the studio or network social media and figure out how are they branding the show and how can I sort of mimic that on my own using my own screen grabs and my own content that I took while I was there. So, like this is like a perfect example. Um, but I think, you know, I whenever I see an actor post a screen grab of a show they're on and the and the logo of the show or the logo of the network is on that photo, it just looks really impressive. you know, it looks like somebody from the network took that screen grab and sent it to them to post. So, I just make all my own and we'll see that in we'll see that in some slides coming up. But I think like that's such an easy way to add context to your images and make it look really professional. Um, it doesn't take any time at all. It's super easy, especially when you're using a system like Canva. It's almost like no excuse not to do it, you know? &gt;&gt; I want to talk a little bit about Shopee Pretzels. an incredible brand that you built. First of all, where did you come up with the idea? &gt;&gt; So, uh, during the pandemic, you know, when everybody was making sourdough. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Everybody's just sourdoughing it up everywhere all over the country. I was with my two-year-old and my wife Katie was pregnant and she was just like locked in our bedroom because we didn't know what it meant to be pregnant during a pandemic. And it was really early and we were in lockdown. And uh, I was cooking a lot with with the 2-year-old. I'm like, man, I would love to make a Philly pretzel, the kind of pretzel I grew up with. And so I start messing around, doing some trial and error, posting all of my trials and tribulations, trying to make a good pretzel. I made a lot of really bad soft pretzels for a couple months. And uh Katie was my taste tester. And then one day I I pull a batch out of the oven and it's like the best soft pretzel I've ever had in my life. And right around this time whenever Kelly Ripa goes on vacation, my wife Katie is like her substitute on the show. So she'll like host Kelly and Ryan or I always call it Regis. uh even though it hasn't yet been on the show in like 20 years, but yeah, &gt;&gt; too. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. So, Katie will be hosting Rege and uh during lockdown that those shows were uh filmed in our living room, you know, over Zoom like kind of like this and we were in our house and Serest was in his house and one day over the host talk um he said, "Oh, what what have you guys been doing during your uh lockdown, you know, and with the baby?" Katie's like, "Oh, my husband's just obsessed with making trying to make a Philly soft pretzel." I jump on TV as one does when uh you know a national television show is shooting live in your living room and I'm like yo sequestr I'm bringing you some pretzels tomorrow and I drop off some pretzels to him over his fence. He eats them on the air. He's like everybody needs to buy Shappies pretzels. Now here's the thing. before I dropped it off, I actually stopped at um Staples to buy uh a bunch of like stickers that I could put one on the bag. And I didn't have a logo, so I just went on camera, designed a quick logo, which is still my logo, that round logo that says Shappy Pretzel with the S in the middle. And I stuck it on a sticker and put it on the bag just so the bag looked professional so that he would eat the pretzel because it just sort of looked like a creepy bag without a logo on it. So, um, he says, "Everybody needs to buy Shappies pretzels." I jump back on TV. I'm like, "No, there's no Shappies pretzels. It's just me and my two-year-old, and it's like a lockdown. There's no company, you know, and he's like, "Well, there should be." And, you know, Squest says that it's like all of a sudden I'm like the American Idol of pretzels. He has crowned me the the cat mcy of pretzels. Um, so I as soon as uh they start interviewing the celebrity that day, I go into the into the kitchen and I get shappy pretzel.com. I get the Shappy Pretzel Instagram. I make a one-page website that I just quickly mock up on Canva that says uh yo, your mall's pretzel can go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] itself. Shappy Pretzel. And and uh if you clicked on that, you followed our Instagram. And the Instagram said, "Hey, we're not a real pretzel company, but if we ever become one, you'll be the first to know." And one thing leads to another and people are all of a sudden lined up on my street and in my driveway and buying pretzels during pandemic, during lockdown when nothing else was really open. And uh five years later, we got ourselves a pretzel company. It's insane. And I do all of my marketing. You know, I created this thing called Pretzel magazine. There you can see that the bakery and the bear. I use pretzel magazine as a way to announce anything I want to announce for Shappy Pretzel. And I'm on the cover of Pretzel magazine every month, right? sort of like Oprah magazine. Um, but actually there was one month I was not on the cover of Pretzel magazine right before I was about to break the record for most covers uh consecutively for Pretzel magazine and I was going to beat Rick Wetzel's record of 12 covers in a row. Uh, I I pumped it up like I was going to break this record and then the next one I put Rick Wetzel on and I was like, "Ah, humbled by the goat again." You know what I mean? It's Rick. So, um, but I've been using this, uh, Pretzel magazine and I love it and it's such a fun thing to just mock up and design. And, you know, for for example, that pretzel magazine you're looking at right there was was really just announcing that I was going to be on another season of the bear. &gt;&gt; Um, first of all, I have to give it out a shout out to Tony out there who says he ate four Shappy pretzels in one day. So, thank you. &gt;&gt; Tony Tony doesn't mess around when it comes to Shappy pretzels. It's unbelievable. Tony uh I know Tony knows a little something about creating pitch decks because he produced a lot of films up there in San Francisco and he was down here in LA and he ordered a bunch of Shaffy pretzels and I was like I have to be the one to deliver these because we had we hadn't met in person. So that was that was really nice. &gt;&gt; It's it's so incredible to hear your stories because like you know I watch a lot of Shark Tank and the one thing they're always scared of is like food and beverage. like you could never break into this market. But you do it from a, you know, it's it is a it's a pretzel. I mean, it's a delicious. Believe me, they're very delicious. I I think I ate the other night when I was in LA. &gt;&gt; Uh, but you all, but it's about the brand you've built and the way you've done it in so many different ways and using Canva to create all these different assets and things that, you know, carry through. But it's the way that you brand, you know, and you carry it through from marketing, advertising, social media to really just creative ways and then bringing yourself into it. And you being that brand, I think is so important. And &gt;&gt; yeah, and I and I I also think it just really crosses over. I people are like, "What do you know about pretzels or running company?" I'm like, "Well, as an actor in LA, I am the CEO of a company, and it's a small company, and that company is called Adam Shapiro, but I'm the CEO. I'm head of marketing. I'm head of social media. I'm head of sales. I do all of our our uh our books and our business and outreach and customer service and the product. And so until you become like a giant movie star and you can start to hire a publicist, hire someone to do all of your accounting, hire somebody to do all of your sales and your outreach and you you're doing all that on your own. And so, you know, whenever I talk to actors or people in the industry that are like, you know, I don't when I'm not working, I'm not sure what I can be doing all day, you know, and I'm like, well, there's a million things you could be doing if you're thinking about the fact that you are a CEO of a small company. And so, when I started Shappy Pretzel, where I am a theater, like the pretzels just became the new play. Like, it's a it's all the same when it comes to how you market and how you run a business. Um, maybe the product changes a little bit. Maybe it's me on Monday and it's the pretzels on Tuesday and and then it's whatever play we're doing at IM on Wednesday. &gt;&gt; I just have to ask you because you do so much. How do you balance the creative and the business sides of your career? And do those skills ever feed each other or do they clash? &gt;&gt; I for me they feed each other. I mean, I come from a I mean, I'm the kind of actor that's like on set and I should be like thinking about, you know, my motivation in the scene or whatever. And I'm like creating a folder and filling it with behind the scenes content knowing that when this comes out, I want to be able to, you know, really take advantage of it and post a bunch of behindthe-scenes stuff and, you know, um, so for me, it's all coming together. It It's all almost like the same. So the balance doesn't feel like all right now I need to stop being creative in this way and I need to start being creative in this way. I think it's um the weird thing is it's all sort of meshed together. I mean I would say like last week we did uh 450 pretzels for the 450th episode of Grey's Anatomy and they had this like big event there and I'm there as as somebody who was on Grey's Anatomy. I'm on there as a friend of Shaand. I'm there catering the pretzels and handing them out and giving people mustard and like I'm wearing all these hats at this event and I just felt like and I'm also designing the bag that I wanted to say Grey's Anatomy Shappy Pretzel collab and I'm designing the sign that I'm going to put on on the cart, the pretzel cart and the menu and making it sort of a combination between me having been on Graze and Shappy Pretzel having catered Grays like for the past five years and congratulating them on 450. And it was all just like a big soup of like all my different jobs. And I feel like that all kind of runs together in a in a cool way for me. I I never really feel like it's it's a difficult balance. I think it it all um it's all creativity and it's all heading towards the individual goals that I have for each of those companies. &gt;&gt; Well, I think I speak for most people. Well, thank you for feeding the good the good doctors of Grace Sloan Hospital and and &gt;&gt; they're doing God's work over there, you know. &gt;&gt; Um, all right. Well, I want to make sure we have time here quickly for our skill number three, which I love. Harness your pocketsize billboard. And I think these images you talked a lot about, you kind of started to talk about first of all how you have to wear all your hats to promote yourself as an actor and that you know studios networks they don't always it's not like they're giving you all the assets and saying here here's your social press kit with the exact photo image to use and the what to say. I mean you built all of these for yourself and for Katie. Correct. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. For example, like the one up top that says Lambie. Um, I was one of the leads of The Continental, which was like this John Wick TV show that we did for Peacock and um, but because there was a couple like Mel Gibson was in it and they were like really publicizing him or whatever. And so those character posters, they only did like three of them. It wasn't for like all six of us leads. It was just for like the three at the top. And I thought those character posters were amazing. And I had become friends with the photographer that took all of our photos for for marketing purposes, but the photos they used were really just of those three actors. It wasn't of the six of us that were leads. And so I hit him up. I'm like, "Yo, can I get some of these photos?" And I basically looked to see how they created the posters for each character of the of those three. And I was like, "I'm going to make my own poster." And immediately I posted it and got like emails and text messages from everyone involved in the show like wait did I miss an email? Like do we all get character posters? And I was like no I just made my own you know and uh because I thought I thought my character deserved a character poster and I know enough people who work for social media and marketing and networks and studios to know that there's only so much bandwidth for them. Right? If you're on a Netflix show, whoever's making the social content for that Netflix show is probably making social content for like 10 other shows in that moment. And about two weeks after your show airs for the first time on Netflix, that social uh content manager is moving on to whatever is airing that week. And so you may not get any content for your own involvement in the show or the movie. And so I want to make sure that I'm doing it. And uh for example, Hunting Wives in the upper corner there, um there was a picture on Netflix, a little a like a little thumbnail that said that the show was going to be coming on that week, but there was no other social media, no other marketing. So, I went on to Netflix and screen grabbed that photo and then moved it over to Canva, created a couple layers, wrote tomorrow, wrote The Hunting Wives, put the little red Netflix logo at the top so that I could post it on Katie's account and and uh there was some context the fact that that you know this Hunting Wives show was something that Katie was in and that it was airing tomorrow and that it's on Netflix, you know, but that's all stuff. Uh Kelly and Mark's a good example, too. whenever Kelly and Mark um they're that's old school over there. They do they've been doing stuff the same way. They don't if it ain't broke, don't fix it, right? Which really works for their show and really works for Kelly and Mark. But Katie as a guest host who's just going to be hosting maybe three days in a row. There's no they don't send any content, anything like that. So Katie and I made sure we knew that we had a bunch of stuff coming up and we took our own photos with a photographer and uh to use as we, you know, as as things came out. So that one I thought was a perfect one for like a morning show. And I took the colors that Kelly and Mark uses on their social media and on their website and quickly just threw together something saying that Katie was going to be guest hosting for the week. And um that was another time where I got a bunch of DMs from other people who have guest hosted and they're like, "How did Katie get content, you know, like that's just a screen grab I got as soon as as soon as The Bear came out on Hulu. The whole season dropped at midnight. I recorded the whole season on my computer. everything that I was in. I took screen grabs, made those screen grabs, edited them a little bit and put the logo in the corner and I had a bunch of uh content that I could post for the next week. Um, and then, you know, I could make some memes with it, too. So, like the one there with me and cousin where I'm saying micro basil and he's saying micro basil, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah. Um, those are just memes I'm putting together my on my own. Then um with Katie, she we had all these really beautiful pictures that people were using like US Weekly in this one and there was a really nice quote and um and then US Weekly did a digital uh article about about Katie and Hunting Wines, but I just thought the photo was so great and in the in the digital article, it's really small and if you screen grab the article and put that on Instagram, it just looks it's not that compelling of an image. So, I'm going to take the photo, put a little gradient on it, take a pull a quote out of the article that's really great, and put the US Weekly logo up at the top, and now it looks like a really cool thing that I you know, that's that's the type of uh branding that basically every magazine does. Uh, but it's normally like I don't know, maybe like the more like high fashion magazines and US Weekly's got like a million articles and they're not doing that for each of the articles. So, I just make sure to be the one that does it for us. It's it's amazing because all of these things look so on brand. You created them. But I think even more importantly the takeaway I see is that like you know I see a lot of whether you're an actor direct producer you know they'll just take whatever the main one still image probably doesn't have them on it and say like this I'm in this tomorrow. &gt;&gt; I'm in this and and you have no idea. Yeah. brand. I mean, you're using yourself as a brand, as an actor and you know, when we go back to that story with the messenger bag, you know, it led to you for other ideas like with Shinola, right? And like it's &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. You know, like I reached out to Shyola and I'm like, "You guys have the best messenger bags in the world. Here's a bunch of videos I made about me and the messenger bags. There's some articles written about it. There was a whole news segment about the messenger bags." And I sent them like this suite of content and they were like, "What? How can we be involved?" you know, they sent me a bunch of product and me really beautiful bags and watches and um and now I have like a messenger bag sponsor with Shyola, which you know, like I could buy myself a messenger bag, but but the content be that comes from Shyola sponsoring me with the messenger bag is so much better than just buying a messenger bag, you know? It just like adds to the story and the branding. And I think, you know, for me, I think the the biggest compliment is when I make things like that US Weekly one and then US Weekly reposts it. It's like &gt;&gt; that's incredible. That's incredible. &gt;&gt; You know, like I I make it so on brand with how they make their stuff. That's right. &gt;&gt; That even even they're like, "Oh, I'm I'm going to post this." You know what I mean? And and uh &gt;&gt; I I just thought that was so cool. even even for when we were promoting this for Canva. Uh you know, we had such a good time putting together the video. Um and then Canva got to post that on their on their site. I just thought that was so cool. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Absolutely. Well, I think we should get into a little bit about maybe how you actually create these assets. Um &gt;&gt; yeah, that's what the people want. They don't want to hear from me anymore. They want to hear from the experts. Do a little Canva live demo. show people how actually uh I am no genius. This is just uh Canva has just made this stuff really easy to do and really user friendly. So everybody check out this Canva demo. Let's let let's dive in as &gt;&gt; let's let's do it. And uh please welcome to the stage Brenda Cadman. And I'm going to stop sharing my screen so she can jump right in with demo. &gt;&gt; Hi Brenda. And I I hope you're going to stick around because I know you have you are a really active user of this platform, which is wonderful because you're gonna I can show how to use it, but you can actually talk about how to utilize it within the kinds of, you know, materials that other actors are going to need to create. So, I will do my best to share my screen here and if you can confirm whether you can see that. &gt;&gt; I love it. And here we're using the uh the browser version of Canva. &gt;&gt; We're using the browser version. There is also a mobile version obviously on your phone and there's also a desktop version that you can actually download and use as well. But I am a fan of the classic browser. &gt;&gt; Classic browser. I love &gt;&gt; classic browser version. &gt;&gt; The one on the phone by the way guys is it's insane. Like it is insane how much you can do without even, you know, with being on your phone and having to even open up your laptop. It's really crazy. &gt;&gt; It absolutely is. And one of the things I do see a lot is this idea and you t you talked about this earlier about um you are a C the phrase one you are a CEO of a small company and I do see this happen where a lot of people think the branding is only for businesses but really everything in the everything in the entertainment industry really including uh you is marketing. So you do need to have a strong personal brand to stand out. So, I want to shift gears a little bit and show you how you can use Canva to create your own visual brand if you don't already have a brand kit yet. Canva actually has a ton of templates that you can use as a jumping off point. Uh, in a bit I'll show you some of the entertainment industry templates that you can start with for your social posts and other marketing materials, but a lot of folks don't know that you can also search for brand kit related templates uh, you know, to create a logo, which you did for Chaffy Pretzel, but uh, also to establish colors and fonts if you're feeling a little overwhelmed. So, we're going to start on the templates page here, which you can find from your homepage. Just come on down here to your lefth hand navigation, click on templates, and you're going to have this wide world of templates available to you. So, if we start by searching for a logo, you're going to find logo templates. You're going to find so many logo templates. And you can also filter down by category and style if you want to simplify a little bit. And actually, you'll find uh if you don't see it there, you can click on this little filter option here. And category actually is going to have you can search categories here. You may see slightly different variations. I know there's some changes rolling out in Canvas interface right now. So, you know, your interface might be slightly different, but you should be able to find your way to the logo templates and then you can scroll through and you can find something that works for you. Um, I do want to mention right from the outset that there are trademark guidelines to be aware of and Canva has this section on there. If you just search on Canva logo um licensing, it's really good to be aware of. There's so much there that you can choose from to start with, but you do need to be aware that you're not going to be able to trademark it if you're using anything from Canvas Elements library. If your logo is made up of just fonts, shapes and lines, basic shapes and lines, or your own graphics that you have licensing for that you've uploaded, then you're good to go. You can trademark that. But if you've used like a really cool little icon or illustration from Canvas's library, you're not going to be able to trademark that because everybody who has Canva has access to those same images. So just something to keep in mind. But it's a great way to create some sort of starter logo if you're not worried about trademarking it down the road just to create some sort of consistent visual brand that you can carry across all of your marketing materials. So I just like to highlight that at the outset because sometimes people feel a little caught off guard when they don't realize that later on. So, this is a great place to start if you're looking for a logo. But what I really like is if you search for brand board, you will get a world of inspiration if you &gt;&gt; This is amazing. &gt;&gt; I know. It's just it's crazy. It's Look at all these results. Um, you're going to be able to find something that, you know, if you're coming into it, I maybe I can figure out a simple logo just with my name. I don't know what colors and fonts to use. If you want inspiration, here's your inspiration. You can start with something. You can modify it. You can um you know, there's just no shortage of of options here. I will we're going to start one. I'm going to show you how you can actually start modifying it for your own name. So, this is one of the options on the page. So when you &gt;&gt; and this is so cool too because when I started when we started the theater company, one of the things that stressed me out so much was like I felt like I was the only person in the company that could really pull off our posts and our marketing because I wanted it to be consistent and I felt like well the rest of my team doesn't use the same tools as me. They don't know what fonts to use. They don't have the the right logos. something like this that you can then you could create here, drag into your uh brand kit on the which you'll go into. Like it's amazing that I could then share that with my team and we everything's going to be consistent and everybody has all of the tools and images and colors and text. It's awesome. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. And you'll see that this template is a cosmetics example. Has nothing to do with your industry, but you can customize anything. So don't worry about what's there. It's a placeholder. It's open for you to change. So in this case, I could just select this and I could start, you know, changing the the text to whatever I want it to be. Um I can change it to I could change the fonts. I can remove other components from it. Let's say I didn't want to have that part there. I could select it and delete it. You'll see there's different variations of logos here as well. And in the interest of time, I went ahead and did some customizing already. And uh we have now have a fictional or productions company here. I just changed the text. I adjusted the curve on this to fit it. It took me minutes to do quite honestly. And then you can see there just like a simple little um kind of you could use that as a favicon on a website for example or just like a brandark &gt;&gt; or a profile picture. nice fits into a nice square space. And then there's all these colors here. If I like most of them and I want to change one, that's your prerogative. You can you can do whatever you need to do, but it gives you a really good place to start potentially if you just need some inspiration. And then when you have your logos done, you've got your colors that you've selected. Canva has this wonderful brand kit feature. If you're on Canva Pro, you can create up to a thousand brand kits. I don't think you're going to need that many. I don't think Adam has quite that many businesses, but it's nice to be able to have &gt;&gt; I got four. I got four kids. &gt;&gt; You got four? &gt;&gt; Yes. Sky's is the limit. But you can have as many as you need here, which is great so that you can keep them all separate and easily access them within the editor, which I'll show you in a second. So, I did start a brand kit for Aura. You can see I've pulled in those logos. We're going to talk about the logos a bit more in a moment because I want to share some best practices with you if you are using Canva to create your logo. But I pulled the color palette in. I pulled that font in for the title, subtitle, and the body copy. You don't have to set all of these. You just set what you need. I pulled in some, you know, complimentary uh images in those color palettes. Again, use what works for you, skip what doesn't. But it's great because if you are working on a um a design and you want to easily quickly access those precise colors and the specific fonts without having to hunt them down every time, this is going to be a massive time saver. And Adam, like you were saying, it ensures that everybody is using the same suite of kind of graphical elements and you're not having to chase each other down for it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The other day I was on chat GBT and I was making a Shappy Pretzel uh post and I just said to Chat GBT, "Here's what I want to do on Canva." It created the Canva. It's it's got a connection to Canva. &gt;&gt; And then um and then it said, "Okay, as far as color scheme, do you want to use the Shappy Pretzel brand kit?" So like because I had already created the brand kit, even chat GBT knew what the logos, the colors and everything I wanted to use. So the the Canva project that it started for me that then I was able to go over to my Canva and start to edit was already completely branded the way that I wanted it to be. It was &gt;&gt; That just blew my mind. &gt;&gt; I know it it's a really incredible integration and Canva is very much on the forefront of of integrating AI into design. It's um I think it's really been a a focal point for them and it's fun to see especially in things like Magic Studio and I know Rebby mentioned the the wide range of Magic Studio tools that are available. I'll show you a couple of them today. It is a topic unto itself, but we'll touch on a couple of them. Um but this is actually a good place to now to just um actually before we get to the templates, let's to take a look at the logo again. I pulled that logo. I copied it out of the um that branch board and I put it into its own design and I just resized it a little bit and I turned it black here. So now I could download it from the share options. But it's really important to uh make sure that when you're downloading if you do create a logo in Canva that you're downloading it as a transparent image. If you don't if you download it as a JPEG, you're gonna get a white box behind it. So, this is not what we want on the right side here. We don't want a white box behind our logo. We want it to be able to blend seamlessly into whatever gorgeous social graphics you are creating. So, make sure that if you are creating your logo in Canva, download it as uh with a transparent background. And you'll find that when you go to download it, you're going to be choosing either a pen file or an SVG. Now, SVG is great because if if you re-upload that downloaded logo into your Canva account, you're going to be able to easily change the color of your logo on the fly if you need to. Um, but a a ping file works fine as well. Just make sure you're check uh checking off this transparent background and then when you download it, it is going to give you this effect with the transparency rather than the white box. Um, and then you'll also notice that I did a couple variations. I did one here, you know, I kept one with the little productions. You could also keep one where you remove it. So, if you have a tagline on it, you could do one with and one without. And then if you look back at that brand kit, you'll see that I've got both versions there. It's just that simple black and white version with a transparent background. If you already have a logo though, if you're looking at this thinking, okay, I don't need to create this in Canva. I already have a logo, but I only have that one with a white background. Uh, what do I do? I I want that transparency. Here is a lovely little use of AI in Canva. If you select it, you're going to see in this floating toolbar this background remover option. And if we click on that, Canva is going to do its magic and it's basically going to replicate that transparency that we're looking for. So you can remove backgrounds on photos if you're wanting to have more flexibility in the social graphics that you're creating, but you can also use it in simple situations like this with your logos. &gt;&gt; I probably use background remover at least once a day, like in designing. &gt;&gt; And I saw somebody earlier today who is proficient in the Adobe suite um saying that they use Canva for their background remover because it is so much faster to open up and it's so effective. I mean, I remember like when I first started using Photoshop to design stuff, you had to you actually had to cut around the letters and and and remove whatever was. Now it's like snap, backgrounds removed, ready to go. &gt;&gt; Yep. Absolutely. Um, all right. So, let's actually jump into applying this a little bit. Uh, you I think it was your the third kind of topic you were talking about is the idea of harnessing your pocketsiz billboard. So, let's actually create a social post and let's show how to carry that visual brand that you've created into that social post. There is a huge template library on Canva as we kind of saw already just with the brand board templates, but there actually are also these industry approved templates for the entertainment industry. If you'll go, if you go to canva.com/entertainment and you scroll down, you're going to see all these different categories here of the different kinds of templates that have already been kind of pre-screened and pre-selected for you to start with because it's great to have selection, but that template library can be incredibly overwhelming as well if you just want to find something really quickly. Um, so this is a great place to go and start. And I'm gonna hop into social posts here, but I'm not going to start with this nice simple black and white version because I think this will be really effective to show what it looks like if you suddenly applied a really bold, bright um brand to it. Now, I could go through this. I could start manually changing colors. And you'll see if I click on the text color here, I've already got my brand kit set up here. I can easily access my colors here. I could also go to the fonts and I could scroll down and I can choose from the fonts I've already pre-selected. And if you like to have manual control over that and you're kind of a of a a control freak about branding and how it's applied a little bit like me, uh then you can do that manually. But there is a tool here in the design tab under style that is going to allow you a bit of a shortcut to do this more quickly and at least give you more of a starting point if you're not sure how to apply it. So, we'll come to brand fonts in a moment, but if I if I click on the brand color palette, and you just keep clicking on it, it's just going to start pulling in variations of that brand kit. &gt;&gt; Maybe I like this one. &gt;&gt; This is so good, &gt;&gt; bold. Um, and then I can also start changing the font. You can see how when you apply your own brand fonts, you may need to start tweaking things because font sizing is going to be different depending on the font. But maybe I change this to caps and uh maybe I just, you know, resize it down a little bit. Oops. We're not going to worry too much about the specifics of the layout. I tend to get a little finicky. You can be as finicky as you want, but that's a rabbit hole that you can spend a lot of time going down. So, just be aware. But then, of course, this is not the photo that I want to use. So, I can go to my brand area here on the lefth hand object panel. Here's my brand kit again. And here's those photos that I uploaded into my brand kit. So, maybe I just want to pull, I don't know, these flamingos in here. Um, and then maybe, you know, if I didn't want those names on here, I could select them. I could delete them. You're able to add, delete, modify any of the elements that are in the initial social post. So, we're not going to get too precious about the details on how it's laid out right now. But what I do want to show you is we're going to go back and look at a logo again for a second because remember that logo that I created how it is black, which is fine. Doesn't really go with this. Maybe I want it to be white. And I think it's really important to have variations of your logo to use in different circumstances. And you often will need to have maybe just a white version of it. Now, in this case, because I uploaded it as an SVG, remember I said that you can change the color easily. I could change it easily to white from here. But if you are not in that position, maybe you have a version of your logo that's not in that format. There's a handy little tool hiding under the edit feature. If you scroll down to effects and click on duo tone, you could choose, honestly, you could choose any of these to start with. I'll just choose custom. We're gonna change the highlights to white and we're gonna change the shadows to white and literally in seconds you have a white version of your logo. So if you have a dark background and you only have a dark version of your logo, that's how you can easily get that to ensure that you have that contrast. So handy little thing to to be aware of. And then just to kind of wrap things up, I do want to show you how you can repurpose this into a real because the reality is that video does not need to be complicated on social. If you already have a video that you want to use, you can easily upload that into Canva, add a little text, add a logo, and you know, boom, you've got something you can you can move ahead with. But you can also repurpose some of your static content into an animated format, and it's really really quick to do. So, here's one of those magic studio features that we talked about. There is magic resize. We're going to resize this into a real. Now, I've already um used the real format, so it's popping it up here. But if you're looking for a particular kind of size that you want to resize to and you don't see it, you can actually just I mean, the easiest thing is probably just to search for it. I'm going to select that. I'm going to say copy and resize. Going to take a second. We're going to now open the mobile video. We're going to need to adjust the uh components a little bit to get it looking the way that we want. So, maybe I want to highlight all of these items here. Actually, you know what? We're going to move the names down. This is where you get to have a little fun with moving things down. You can resize it so it's a little bit bigger if you want. Um, you know, like I said, spend as much or as little time as you want getting things looking the way that you want. And then once you've got your visual elements, again, this would need some adjustments, but I'm not going to bore you with that. Um, but the easiest way to add some animation, put the background of your design, and then here's another little u magic feature to be aware of. If you click on animate, you're going to see an option to animate the entire design. You're going to see a magic animate option. I'm going to click on that. It's going to evaluate a little bit the components that are in here, and it's going to recommend a style. Now, it's going to give you alternative styles that you can choose from as well. If you don't like this one, I'm just going to go with the recommended one. You can see how it's animating all those different components. Now, you can actually animate each component individually. You can set element timing so it comes in exactly how you want when you want. But again, if you want to do this really quickly, that magic animator option is a great uh one to choose. And if I go into preview, you'll see how it's showing just everything appearing a little bit at a time there. And I think that's Oh, actually, if you want to add a little extra um oomph to it, you don't just have to have the animation. You could add audio as well. So, if I take this back into page thumbnail mode, you're going to see that we've got this video editing timeline here. And you're going to see it says add audio. You could add your own audio or Canva has a really robust audio library within their elements that you can choose from. You can search on audio by, you know, let's say I want happy. Let's say I feel like I want ukulele music. I can find ukulele music. I could find whatever I kind of whatever would suit the tone of the reel I'm trying to create and then I could drag that into the timeline and suddenly you have a real not only with some animation visually but also some music playing as well. &gt;&gt; I also think that would make a pretty compelling reel. The abyss of deceptions with that happy ukulele music like I'm you've got my interest peaked. That's a movie I would &gt;&gt; jump in on that if if you decide to proceed with that idea. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that juxtiposition between the name of the thing and the ukulele. I'm like, I want to see that movie. &gt;&gt; The flamingos. I mean, that's my interest is peaked. And then finally, the last step obviously is if you've got a social post or a real, you got to get it out of Canva and actually get it into your own marketing channels. So, you can either download it to your computer by going to the share options and choosing, you know, in this case a real, you would be downloading an MP4. If it was a static social post like we have here, you're going to download it probably as um you know, a ping file. But Canva also has also the option to, if we go to see all, you're going to see that you can also share through social. You will connect your Canva account directly to your social platforms if you want to be able to do it from there. Or better yet, if you head to your homepage, click on the three dots under more. Canva also has a content planner that you can connect to your social platforms as well and preschedu that content rather than just posting it on the fly. And um that's, you know, we'll wrap it up there. There's that's barely scratching the surface really of what can be done, but it is hopefully providing a little bit of inspiration on how you can get started yourself. &gt;&gt; Brenda, &gt;&gt; yes. Thank you. &gt;&gt; That is good stuff. I don't think people realize that there's like a full on video editing like &gt;&gt; p I mean that's it's amazing how much &gt;&gt; that you can do both in the same app. It's awesome. &gt;&gt; I think I'm so used to popping out of design app to do video and and having to use two different things. &gt;&gt; So cool. &gt;&gt; I just have to say from a SeriesFest perspective too, that brand kit like literally I feel like changed our team's lives. Especially for us, every festival that we do in May, we have a whole different theme and design that we do. And by having that brand kit, it not only allowed us to pull it into the obvious places like our print materials and our socials, but we able to do it across everything. like when we send out itineraries and we send out how to fast when we send out all the little like communications that I don't know we used to do in like word Microsoft Word and maybe we'd have like a color you know now all of a sudden the entire thing looks professionally designed by just a click of a button and a few small edits and and I think it's just so incredible how quick and easy and it keeps up with the kind of rhythm of the career and and you're just able to kind of move it forward. So, it's just such, you know, all the things you showed us and how quickly you're able to do them is just so fantastic. All right, we have a couple of questions coming in and if you have some, we've got a few minutes here. Please ask them whether they're for Brandon, Brendan, Rebby, whether for their Adam or for myself. Um, come in here uh quickly. Our favorite question of all, this is being recorded and we will share this presentation out after um as well as post it. So, you will get an email from us early next week um with a recording of this so you can go back and rewatch uh the amazing uh demo and work it through yourself. Um this is a great question from uh uh the person whose name is anonymous. Uh how do you balance efficiency and originality when using Canvas readymade tools and AI features? &gt;&gt; It's a really good question. Adam, I see you nodding. I don't know if you have any feelings about that from the creator perspective. Um, happy to. &gt;&gt; Oh, I I mean, you know, for me it's it's it's just balancing your time. Sometimes I have two seconds to come up with something because it's, you know, uh, for example, like I remember when you guys we had a dinner the other night and and Canva was there and all these different partners of Seriesfest and, uh, I wanted to bring some pretzels, but I wanted the label on every bag to have the Shappy Pretzel branding and the Canva branding and the Series best branding. And I was able to quickly bring up a template. So the creativity was in the idea, the template was in the execution, and then you can then customize the template to to what you want. So, you know, there's times where I'm like, you know, I've got all day to make something and I can be super creative and go from the ground up. But I think there's it's also um when you're running your own business and you're and you're wearing a million hats sometimes, you know, using the temp and then also the thing with canvas templates is it's not like the the things that we used to get templates on like Instagram when Instagram first came out and there was like 10 templates and it was so obvious that what you were looking at was came from a template. You're talking about Camp's got millions of templates. And the moment you select a template that might spark inspiration, so you go, "Oh, you know what? I actually I'm going to use just one piece of this template, get rid of the rest, and start building from there." Or you're like, "This looks amazing. I'm just going to replace everything as is with my own branding, and it looks nothing like a template." So I, you know, that's how I would answer that. I just think that I I when I want to be really creative and I want to be completely original, that's one thing. But if but if you don't have a ton of time, um you can still have the appearance of complete originality because you've customized a template that's one of a million. &gt;&gt; Totally. And I think you can bring in like we you know again at Siri uses when we use it we bring in images or photos or things that we also have access to that you know aren't you know and it's just a it's a it's one quick switch and all of a sudden it feel it takes a template and it feels brand new and and we did one small thing to it and then utilized you know all of those Canva tools to just quickly make it look unique very quickly. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I I made a uh Halloween poster for Shappy Pretzel yesterday and then I used the animate feature to to create the animation and there's several slides in it. And once I made it completely Shappy Pretzelified and I took a custom Shappy Pretzel Halloween song that I made with a with a musician friend of mine, I uploaded that into the content and I used that song and all of a sudden it like a custom song is playing over the animated graphic. It it you can't get more original than that. But I didn't make much changes to the template. I mean, &gt;&gt; what makes a Shappy pretzel spooky, Adam? &gt;&gt; You know, like cinnamon and sugar. Uh, no. I Shappy pretzel is is scary good, you know. I think that's what makes Chappie Pretzel so scary. I think for a lot of people who enjoy like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] soft pretzels from, you know, uh, terrible soft pretzels, I think it is scary to have a Shappy pretzel and go, "Oh, there was life before Shappy Pretzel and there's life now after it's ruined all other soft pretzels for me and now I can only have this one that I love a lot." I think that is scary. I mean, that's how I felt when I was getting married, you know? I I was just like, "Wow, am I really committing to Katie? and are is it just going to be me and her the rest of is scary, you know? It's scary when you find the thing that you love the most and you realize it's never going to get any better than that. It's scary. &gt;&gt; Happy Halloween everybody. &gt;&gt; That was the sweetest answer I've ever heard. Um but now we're gonna go on to uh we got a couple more questions. &gt;&gt; Actually, actually before we go next, I was just going to piggy back with one more thing about the AI tools. I think it's a personal comfort thing there. the AI suite that is available within Canva, within Magic Studio and also the other tools that are available. There is a real mixture of create creativity apps but also efficiency apps and for some folks they they like to use they like to generate something new. others are not at all comfortable with that and that is you know fully respectable position and in that case maybe just using the tools in Canva that are meant to save time like magic resize and um you know background remover and some of these other features that actually help you do something faster but it's not creating new content it's just supporting what you're already creating uh yourself I think there's a real balance that can be found use what works for you personally and lay the rest &gt;&gt; and and whatever ever you decide Canva's got that balance like everything Brenda that you just showed. It was like you could click this button and it all happens for you or you can open up this and completely customize every step of the way exactly how you want to go. It's just you know what what you have time for and what you're willing to to put in. But I think that's so cool that Canvas sort of supports you whether or not you want to be on the completely creative side and doing everything uh by hand or using all the templates and all the like AI magic. It's pretty cool. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Rabby, I have a question for you from uh Geneva. Any tips on moving from Inesign to Canva? Um I have templates in the in Inesign that I love, but I want to be able to animate and resize these designs for social. any thoughts on how to migrate over the current inesign files into the Canva designs? Thank you for the question. &gt;&gt; Really good question. Um, so couple of answers for you and this will become easier um in the coming months uh with some new things launching in Canva. So you have the ability in Canva to um upload a PDF. It will unflatten your file. Everything from like a document to a really advanced pitch deck. Um, so one thing you can do is taking, you know, uh, downloading things from Inesign into PDF and uploading them into Canva. A bit clunky, but possible. And then you're not recreating things from scratch. It is a beloved tool. Um, there's another thing that that is live in Canva and will continue to get better with some new launches coming down the line, which is Affinity, which is um, a tool we acquired about a year ago uh, for pro designers in Canva. Maybe some folks on this call are already using that. So um more details to come on sort of taking things from Inesign and moving them into Affinity. But just to know as well for those proesigners out there, there will be kind of new tools and features that make designing kind of more advanced uh graphics uh directly available in Canva. So keep your eyes and ears out for that. Um and I saw someone mention the fonts sort of become an issue. So I'll explain just how that works. Obviously Canva has a vast font library. Uh, so if you upload something and we don't have that font or don't have the licensing for it, we will find one that looks the same. Usually does a pretty good job, sometimes not as good of a job. So you can go in and kind of manually fix. But if you're if you're ever like, "Hey, that doesn't look exactly right." That's what's happening. It's It's looking for something that looks pretty similar. &gt;&gt; And just a little note, &gt;&gt; but I could I could upload my own font if it just happened to not be &gt;&gt; You read my mind, Adam. Yeah, I was &gt;&gt; gonna say if you're on Canva Pro and you have access to the brand kits, one of the features in addition to being able to set your brand font hierarchy is you can actually upload your own fonts as well if they're not available in campus font library. Just make sure you have the the the approved licensing to do that. I'm a bit of a stickler for those, you know, it's not the sexy bits, but it's the important bits to know. &gt;&gt; Um, a final question here because I know we're getting to time, but uh this one's for you, Adam. And in your opinion, what's the most underrated feature in Canva that more creators should take advantage of? &gt;&gt; Most underrated feature? I mean, honestly, I think we we just looked at it with Brenda. I think, you know, when you make a static image, to be able to just animate that with a click of a button, we've already been told by Instagram and Facebook and obviously by Tik Tok that video uh helps with your algorithm, right? So, posting just a still photo or posting a real on Instagram is the big difference between how many people are going to be able to see it and how many people are going to be fed it. So to be able to create an image and then animate that or an image that you've already take like Revy just talked about taking the PDF put it in there it unflattens it creates all different assets each one is its own thing and to be able to to animate something so that even if you don't have a whole video you have you have you didn't take any footage to still be able to take advantage of animating the image so that when you do post it onto Instagram it's a real is a is amazing. I mean, I just think that's like would have taken me hours to do um before that was a feature and it was something I did all the time and it really I would have to break down the image into each layer and almost uh old school animate it. So I would in in in Final Cut Pro, I would take the background. Then I would take the background and just one word and the background and now two words or two lines and then sort of animate it by playing that project and all of a sudden all the lines are appearing one by one. That's going to take you a couple hours. This is uh just seconds and it's going to help it's going to help with the visibility on social. &gt;&gt; I love that. Well, I think that's a great way to wrap today's um workshop. Um, if everybody here, you're going to see on your screen, we've got a QR code with a per postworkshop survey. If you will take, it takes two minutes to fill out. We would love to hear your thoughts. If there's things we didn't cover that you want us to cover, this is a great time to get that in there. Tell us what you liked, what we can improve. Um, but uh, thank you all so much for joining us. Please make sure to check out Canvas's entertainment professional uh, for for entertainment professional workshops. These workshops are incredible. They're free. They're on demand. Somebody, I think, even asked the question, are there tutorials? Are there things? Um they're there's so many different ones and they're launching more and more over the next month. So, keep going back because you'll find more and more tutorials. They're really helpful. There's some new features and things and coming out in the next month that I know I'm really excited about. Maybe some around video. So, keep an eye out. Um, but definitely make sure to check out uh this Canva for entertainment professionals. We will share these QR codes as well on that email we sent post uh post this workshop. Um, and finally, our next and final workshop for this year is coming up. We are going to have the amazing third Vanguard, Alexa Young. She's a writer on Friends, writer and showrunner from Grayson Frankie. Um, she's done so much so much television. We're going to cover a whole set of different tools that you can use. We'll have our Canva verified expert, Roger Kohl's, back with us. Um, so make sure to register. Um, it's going to be fun and different and and you're going to really hear from a a real from a writer's perspective. So, a very different workshop uh with us. And that will be November 13th at 100 p.m. California time, post Standard Time. Um, please make sure to join us. Thanks all.
