---
ticker: ZS
type: youtube
title: "Zscaler CEO: AI Is Opportunity, Not Threat, For Our Business"
channel: "Bloomberg Podcasts"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=si9iFKcfTGg
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 8358
---

# Zscaler CEO: AI Is Opportunity, Not Threat, For Our Business

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Bloomberg Podcasts
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=si9iFKcfTGg

## 转录全文

Jay, tell us a little about the quarter and I think we all want to know how AI is impacting your business. Let's start there. &gt;&gt; So AI is a massive opportunity because what AI is doing is bringing lots of AI agents in the enterprise. Agents are somewhat like people. It traditionally users have been the weakest link for cyber security. Now AI agents are becoming the weakest link. How do you secure them? Well, you need to make sure that you can do onetoone connection. That means an agent can only access certain applications and nothing more. That requires a global infrastructure that Zcore has built in the form of zero to exchange. That's why we're very bullish about our future. &gt;&gt; So, go ahead, Mandep. Yeah, I mean uh Jay I I think uh the street obviously didn't like the Billings number in your print and that was seen as uh you know moderating like was that uh attributed primarily because of seed growth uh slowing down and we keep hearing you know layoffs like the one that square announced yesterday or was there anything more to the billings number last night? So Billings is a secondary number for us. The number one area of focus for is ARR growth and revenue growth. Our revenue grew 26% year-over-year. ARR 25%, free cash flow 18%, operating margin 22%. They're all great numbers. Now we have a ZLEX program that gives some flexibility in billings. So billings can get impacted. But with Zflex, customers are doing multi-year, four or five year deals with us committing to Zscaler, which is a very strong sign. So I don't think the billing should be viewed in a negative light. Overall business is very strong. Jay, I want to go back to what you said about AI and and and protecting these AI agents and and just how you're thinking about that because I think a lot of people are are trying not just to understand the impact of AI on cyber security but the impact of AI on a company like yours when it comes to operations. So from an operations perspective with the context of what we saw from block late yesterday, the company relying more on AI and less on actual human beings. How are you using AI at the company operationally to increase your margins to make your employees more productive &gt;&gt; or get rid of employees? &gt;&gt; Nobody's going to answer that. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Well, everyone should and need to use AI. We use AI to make sure we can deliver better customer support to our employees. The AI agents are helping us. We are increasing in productivity of our engineering team with use by using all this stuff. But I think the numbers that block shared they seem way out of line that anyone else is saying out there. We are seeing some reduction in hiring additional hiring. But I do think that in some of these critical areas you need people. I am hiring more developers for AI development for example and for us many times customers think that as the number of employees may not grow that means it impacts our our userbased pricing. The user base uh may slow down from growth point of view but we are actually securing all the agentic traffic all the agents when we have millions of users we'll have billions of agent to secure that provides an opportunity for us to secure the enterprises and monetize it maybe uh Jay I I want to go to a different topic around sovereigns because we've been hearing more and more that you know every sovereign wants to build their own AI. How does that impact a company like yours that operates globally given you know sovereigns are more keen to deploy this on prem? Does that impact uh a cloud security company like yours? &gt;&gt; Actually sovereign clouds is a positive development and opportunity for us. We built zscolor architecture where the data that we store which is essentially metadata and logs can stay in that country. We have had a cloud that's built for EU and is EU with data in EU for a long time. Now many of the large countries also want to operate the cloud in that country as well. We're working with many large countries to really provide them a sovereign security cloud that will access the data wherever the data is. So there are two aspects there may be AI model sitting in India or France or Germany but our sovereign security cloud will make sure they can access the model whether it's sovereign or non-s sovereign. So overall it's a positive thing for us. It's it's our architecture that allows us to build sovereign security clouds. Yeah. And uh look uh I mean Amazon today announced this $50 billion investment in uh open AI. Uh Google we know they've closed their acquisition of viz. So how do you see you know the hyperscalers playing in this space where they obviously are deploying the models on their cloud. They are bundling security. Is that going to have some sort uh an impact uh in terms of the AI security aspect that you alluded to? uh not directly on providers like Zscaler look hyperscalers the cloud providers have been building applications and people said oh can they take over security market we haven't seen any of that it is true that AI model builders will provide some of the applications such as perhaps testing and red teaming but when it comes to being the zerorust exchange that makes sure that agent agents created by Microsoft, OpenAI, Anthropic or whoever can securely access the right application. They look for someone like Zscaler. We become the Switzerland that connects right party to right party just like we built such a strong business for securing users in spite of all these other vendors out there. The more models they create, the more application they create, the more agents that get built, the more opportunities Zcaler has. Does that mean the hyperscalers you're getting bigger orders from them? I'm just curious like where are you getting business and is it the hyperscalers is it? Yeah. &gt;&gt; So we are getting business from enterprises because enterprises need to secure access to applications no matter where they are. So applications become destination for us. We are the switchboard providing zero trust access the market we pioneered and we are way ahead of anyone else. The rest of the market is doing firewalls and VPNs and we are probably the only real credible choice for enterprises and that has that's what given us business over 45% of Fortune 500 companies. So Jay in this case today h &gt;&gt; how are these enterprises measuring the efficacy of your product versus you know whatever is coming uh bundled with the hypers scale solutions like what is it that is really uh making them go with zscaler in terms of the efficacy aspect specifically so zscaler is not a piece of code that you bundle with a hyperscaler it goes out there zscaler is a globally distributed infrastructure sitting in 160 60 locations around the globe. So any traffic from an enterprise that needs that may be from users that may be from cloud workloads that may be from AI agents it needs to access certain application services and we become the switchboard the policy enforcement for that that traffic will go to Microsoft AWS Google Anthropic doesn't matter we are the policy enforcement point to make sure right people get access to right application right agents get access to right applications Imagine agents getting hacked and hijacked on your network. That's a problem. That's what we secure. &gt;&gt; You mentioned anthropic and fresh in our minds is the what's happening between the US government, the Department of Defense and Anthropic right now. We're going to be covering that in our our 4:00 hour today. But on the government, is the US government actually buying more of your services right now? Are are deals happening? Are they getting delayed? How would you characterize that? So federal is a strong market segment for us. Last year it went through some changes but it is back on track. We have strong pipeline. We have strong business in the federal government. 13 of the 14 cabinet level agencies use zcaler to secure themselves. &gt;&gt; So just to recap 30 seconds AI not a threat to your business. I mean software &gt;&gt; is an opportunity for our business &gt;&gt; not a threat &gt;&gt; not a threat at all and securing agentic technology is the number one thing CIOS want to make sure they can do it that's holding them back from larger rollout and we become enablers of it.
