---
ticker: ZS
type: youtube
title: "Is Zscaler Stock a Hidden Gem in Cybersecurity?"
channel: "The Motley Fool"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LYdcjwd0mCM
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 9649
---

# Is Zscaler Stock a Hidden Gem in Cybersecurity?

## 视频信息
- **频道**: The Motley Fool
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LYdcjwd0mCM

## 转录全文

[Music] Welcome to the latest Mly Fool scoreboard. I'm on in Chocolate Balloon. We've got longtime fools Jason Hall and Matt Frankle giving a 1 to 10 rating to cyber security company Zcaler, ticker symbol ZS. With the strength of Zcaler's business, including factors like industry and competition. Lots of competition out there. A 10 is invincible. A one is hopeless. Jason's at a seven. Matt, you're at an eight. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there there's a massive need to do what Zcaler does. I mean, honestly, to be on this recording, I had to log into Zcaler uh to to get get what I needed. Uh there there's not that much direct competition. But what I mean by that is a lot of these there's a lot of cyber security companies like CrowdStrike is often thought of as a big competitor to Zcaler, but they actually solve two different problems. Um, one controls endpoints, one detects threats, and they actually partner to share information, which makes both platforms inherently stronger. Uh, Zcaler is used by nearly half of the Fortune 500. And it it's there's a reason for it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I agree with Matt. The reason I went with a seven though is that despite agreeing and also the fact that there are incredibly durable tailwinds, it's a super important business like Matt talked about uh earns the great margins that it does. 27% free cash flow margins. All of those things are true, but I think it's moes are probably less secure than people think. Tech requires constant innovation or you will lose your edge. And I think one of the things that proves this out across the tech world is we think about compensation. Uh free cash flow just surpassed stockbased compensation last year. Again, a company that earns 27% free cash uh flow margins. Its free cash flow just surpassed how much money it gives out in stockbased compensation. So a significant amount of future cash flows are going to be needed just to reduce dilution. And here's a crazy thing. Over the past four quarters, stockbased compensation actually grew faster than free cash flow. &gt;&gt; That's not a good trend for management. A 10 is Warren Buffett. A one is Homer Simpson. Jason's at an eight. Matt, you're at a nine. I'm &gt;&gt; I'm saying a nine at risk of losing my title as stockbased compensation police around here. Um because that is a trend worth watching. I don't mind stockbased component businesses doing really well, but that does seem excessive. Um, you know, it's led by the co its co-founder Jay Shadri. He's been the CEO for almost two decades since he founded the company. He still owns almost 18% of it. And other it's not just him. Other executives have a quarter billion dollars of their wealth invested in Zcaler. Um, and more with all this stockbased comp they're getting. Uh, he's he's delivered incredible performance for investors though. Uh, 800% total return since the 2018 IPO. So, it's really hard to argue with with his leadership. Um, and other leaders are are really impressive. There's several tech CEOs on the board. Um, this chief technical officer used to be a Salesforce exec and I could go on, but it it's an impressive team. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I came in at 8. Uh, nine is I think you have to reserve for very very very few rare leaders, but he is proving to be that rare founder C CEO who can make that transition from running the startup to still delivering with the company is is public. Here's the reasons I can't go higher than than an eight. Despite the enormous growth, uh, insiders continue to earn a bigger piece of the pie via stockbased compensation. And this is a company that's not profitable. And and not just on a gap net income basis. The company has never had a single quarter where it's generated positive operating income. Right? And I I just I can't ignore those things and and award a wonderful CEO with something higher when the business at the scale that it's at is is still not reporting even positive um operating income. &gt;&gt; Jason is the stockbased comp sheriff today &gt;&gt; for financials. A dead is a fortress. A one is yikes. Jason's at a 7.5. Matt, you're at a nine again. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And I mean, like I said, I I'll leave it to Jason to talk about the stockbased comp, but I mean, if you're increasing the share count by a few percent per year, but you're delivering 20 to 30% returns for shareholders, there's only so mad you can be about that. Um, you know, I was more mad in 2022 when these were all falling and this was still happening. Um, but I gave it a nine because they have about 2 billion in net cash on the balance sheet. So, even though they don't have positive operating income, they have plenty of runway to keep their growth story going. uh 43% revenue growth rate over the past 3 years. Uh this is a rule of 40 company and more. They have a uh they grew revenue by 24% over the past 12 months and had a 28% free cash flow margin. Add those up and you get a pretty impressive number. Uh gross margin is over 80%. So I mean just on profitability I I it scores pretty high. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So again I I definitely do sound like the stockbased comp police. Um but just some more metrics to kind of lay this out that I think are important. Number one, I agree the balance sheet is extraordinarily strong and getting stronger because they are pumping out more and more, you know, 600 almost $700 million in free cash flow over the past four quarters. Uh, but just some context, uh, since the IPO, you know, when companies go public to sell a bunch of stock to raise money, since they did that, uh, the share count has increased by about 32%. Uh that's that's a tremendous amount and they're still adding between two and 3% a year to the float. Again, I know I'm beating the drum a lot. I know tech talent compensation means stockbased comp, but the numbers are getting bigger, not smaller. Um that's notable. Again, it would take 90% of free cash flow just to keep the share count from growing at this point. Now, can it accelerate free cash flow at a faster rate? If he can do that and start buying back shares quickly enough to reduce dilution and then continue growing free cash flow from there, then maybe I'm scoring it a little bit on the low side. But prove it. Prove it to me. &gt;&gt; All right. Well, let's put that uh stockbased compensation into the valuation. Jason, how well will Zcaler stock do over the next 5 years? How safe is it? 10's a sure thing. One's a lottery ticket. &gt;&gt; I I think it's going to make investors money. uh between 5 and 10% and there's a very good chance it's on the higher end of that maybe even higher. Uh safety score of six. Couple reasons why here. uh growth rates are slowing but margins have actually gross margins have actually compressed a little bit over the past couple of years and I've talked about it already but I think it's moes are less secure than most bulls uh would believe and a lot of times the thesis just boils down to well because cyber security I mean don't get me wrong this is an extraordinarily good business that I like and I have owned it in the past I could see myself owning it again but I believe the combination of slowing growth and incredibly rich valuation of over 16 times sales. It's way above the average over the past three or four years plus the impact of that stock stockbased compensation. They line it up to be a fine investment, but maybe not extraordinary stock to own over the next 5 years if today's price is where you're starting. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I said a 10 to 15% range, but we're probably closer than than it would seem. Like I I would be at the low end of that range. &gt;&gt; Um the company's at nearly an all-time high. It's at about 17 times sales. I do believe Zcaler and here's where I got the 10 to 15 Z I believe Zcaler is going to grow its earnings or grow revenue rather at a 15% 15 to 20% annualized rate over the next 5 years. I think we'll see some multiple compression and that's where I kind of you know reduced it to a 10 to 15% range. It does have a leading position in zero trust uh endpoint security and it's impressive that I mentioned half of the Fortune 500. So that gives it some margin of safety I believe. Let's move on to everyone's favorite topic. Jason, is there a company in Zcaler space you like better? &gt;&gt; This is where I talk out of both sides of my mouth. I just spent the past six and a half minutes beating up Zcaler largely because of the impact of stockbased compensation on investor returns going forward. So, I'll throw in Sentinel 1. Um, I think it's one of the more interesting cyber security stocks you could buy right now. Yes, like Zcaler and Crowd Strike 2, which I own, uh, it pays an egregious amount of stockbased compensation as a percentage of revenue. It's a lot higher than Zcaler, but it trades for seven times sales, and there's indications that it grow that its growth rates are actually about to accelerate. I think on a riskreward basis, it's far more compelling uh, than anything else I'm seeing out there in cyber security. So for for me just speaking about the the growth stories of their business, Zcaler and Crowd Striker in a class by themselves. Of the two, I do have a a slight preference for Zcaler. &gt;&gt; Also agreed. &gt;&gt; Thank you to both Matt and Jason. They've given Zcaler a pretty strong overall score of 7.4 out of 10. Look out for a new scoreboard every market day at 700 p.m. Eastern. Next up is Lowe's. Till then, full on. &gt;&gt; I've heard you talk a lot about your uh that you're the uh stockbased compensation police. Was that a self-appointed role? Was there an election? Is it a task force?
