---
ticker: ZS
type: youtube
title: "Zscaler $(ZS) Just Dropped Earnings – BUY NOW or HUGE MISTAKE"
channel: "I Talk Money"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kKvUhEsXG40
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 13206
---

# Zscaler $(ZS) Just Dropped Earnings – BUY NOW or HUGE MISTAKE

## 视频信息
- **频道**: I Talk Money
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kKvUhEsXG40

## 转录全文

Guys, welcome back to the channel. Zcaler released earnings and the stock dropped a decent amount. And I'm sure people are wondering right now if they should buy, hold, or sell the stock. And I just wanted to give my opinion on the stock. For those of you who don't know, Zcaler, ticker ZS, is a cyber security company. And essentially, it checks every person and device before letting them connect in an attempt to prevent hackers, malware, and data leaks. Now, what differentiates Zcaler from legacy cyber security companies is they're actually built into the cloud, meaning no hardware, no upfront costs, hardly any downtime when compared to legacy systems. It's extremely effective for remote employees. And it could be rolled out in less than a month versus these legacy systems taking six to 18 months. And there's significant total cost savings by not needing hardware over the life of the contract, right? You're saving on the upfront hardware costs, the updates, new rollouts, repairs, and maintenance. It's all around a very nice product disrupting the cyber security space at the moment. So, just to kind of catch you guys up to speed on what happened here, this is their earnings guidance in Q1. So you can see in revenue they were aiming for 773 million at the midpoint and hit 788. So they actually exceeded their guidance. Gross margin they achieved they said they'd hit it about 80% and they didn't achieve that. Operating uh profit was expected 167 million beat it by 172 million. Slight beat but still exceed it. And earnings per share of 85 a.5 cents getting 96 cents you know exceeding it. So, why is the stock down 13% today? Right? I think a lot of it has to do with the guidance the company offered. When a company's priced like this into perfection, I mean, a very high price to earnings multiple, people start to get worried when they start to lower their guidance. Even if it's still in the 23% range, we were expecting 25 to 30 through 2030. So, I think that spooked investors and the selloff again. So, the company had this slide in their presentation that says that they're a rule of 40 company, but you know, I have a little problem with that. And I say that because their revenue growth has been tremendous, right? I have no problem with that. But it's that they're choosing to show free cash flow to get them to a rule of 78. Now, for you to have free cash flow increases, that can happen one of three ways. your cash from operations, meaning your core businesses without all these intangible non-cash accounting expenses like depreciation and stockbased compensation aren't are added back, right? But that company's not at this point, right? They have negative net income and they have Ebida and like the 4% margins, right? So on a rule of 40, if they were to use net income or Ebido, the only only other two profitability measures, it would have not been a rule of 40 company. but they choose this free cash flow measure and their cash from operations is not positive. So that means you know they're taking on these they're getting the benefits from changes in networking capital from taking on debt right when you take in debt you're getting cash flow and your changes in cash flow your free cash flow will be positive as you pull on debt right so I don't really think it's a great look for the company I think they kind of distorted the image and in my eyes I would use the EBID and margin and they're not a roll of 40 company but I will say their annual reoccurring ing revenue is very impressive at $3.2 billion, right? They're only one of five SAS companies that has above $3 billion in ARR and is still delivering 25 plus% growth. Although I will say that their new guidance is below 25% is now 23%. And I pulled up this slide that they had and I just thought it was interesting. Again, you know, they skip they make themselves look very profitable and at first glance you think they're very profitable. I mean look at these gross profit margins 80%. I mean that's a moat right there. That that is very very very high impressive gross margins. But then you get down to the operating profit and margin and you know they're at 22% here of Q1 2026 but you notice they don't have net income. You notice they don't have IBIDA. It's because it's all eaten away at by that point with stockbased compensation preferred dividends all it's draining the company of net income and you you know then they throw in again the free cash flow metric. You're like, "Oh my gosh, the free cash flow looks beautiful." But I mean, we're going to tear up through that cash flow statement. I'm going to show you why. This this is not the metric you should be impressed by. There's not a the result of the free cash flows from changes in networking capital and from them taking on debt. That's not what you want to see. You want to see positive cash generation from ch from results from operations, cash flows from operations. So, here's the company's cash flow statement and and I just am not in love with it, right? Because whenever you're looking at the cash from operations, if you just were to look at a quick glance, you're like, "Oh, wow. This company's very profitable. You're looking on free cash flow basis. That's amazing, right? They're not going to have to pull on debt or any equity." But it's really just a scheme, right? Because if that net income's negative, then that means all these changes here are what are giving you your cash from operations. And like I don't agree with a ton of it. Like think about a stock-based compensation, right? Like you're paying someone with stock instead of cash. So that's a non-cash event. So you want to add back in stock-based compensation. I mean, we still have to pay this guy, right? So like I if we decided to pay him in cash, this would be subtracted, but we paid him in stock. So it gets added back, you know, not a great look. And that adds a lot of value. Think about it. It went to 972 here and 600 of that is just from stockbased compensation. And then don't even get me started on the unearned revenues. I mean, that's just a nightmare in and of itself. But you can see they're still and they're spending a lot on investments here, right? But the real burner is is the is the debt, right? They're getting net 600 grand positive. So of this 900 about 600 of it is just coming from the company taking on debt right and cash flow goes up when you take on debt because as you take on debt they give you cash and you now have cash. So cash flow is going up because they're saying stockbased compensation wasn't a cash expense. You know add that back and uh you know we we took on $500 million more in debt. So you know our cash flow is actually looking pretty good. I mean, that's just a distorted image. Look at the top line. That net income is negative. And I mean, even after depreciation, it gets to like 3 million, but I mean, I don't like it. I think another thing Zcaler has to deal with is their delilution. I think their business model isn't quite proven yet in the sense that the company's 4% delilution comes from the fact that two twofolded, right? They need to pay down their debt. So what they do is that they take out debt because they're unprofitable. Uh then they issue new equity diluting shareholders and take those proceeds to pay down the debt. Not exactly a great business model. Then they go and turn around and take that stockbased compensation say oh no no no this is all free cash flow because we could have paid them in cash but we chose to pay them in stocks. So our free cash flow is actually very impressive. I mean not a great look. And the other case is that there's ongoing stockbased compensation, right, that we just saw in the cash flow statement. And you can see in my chart here, it's anywhere from 25 to 28% of revenue. And obviously, they're issuing new shares to pay them. And it comes at the dilution to shareholders. And the company really still hasn't proven themselves yet, right? That free cash flow measure is inaccurate in my eyes. the EBAM margin just barely turned the corner and net income they're negative. I mean take a look at their financial statements here from 23 all the way to the LTM here. Great growth. Love it. But I mean you just see red all after and even in their most recently updated three months ending uh October 31st here, you know, negative7 cents a share. Not not very extremely profitable. Not even profitable yet. Uh, so, you know, I still think they have a lot to prove their business model here and the stock isn't exactly cheap. I mean, if we're looking at multiples right now based off of trailing 12 months financials, I mean, we're talking 17 times revenue. We're talking a minus 43,000 times EV to Ebida, minus 1,000 times price to earnings. Yikes. Right. And then the forward multiples are more promising as that company starts to get their IBID and margins underneath them here. But I mean we're still talking about 14 times earnings 48 and a half times Ebida 76 times earnings and this is for a company that's claiming to be a rule of 40 company but the profitability isn't there and the revenue is starting to decelerate. I mean, you guys all remember what just happened to Dingo two months ago. I mean, their their revenue didn't even slow down. It was just that their uh users plateaued month over month, quarter over quarter, and that devastated the stock. So, I mean, them decelerating the revenue from saying, you know, they were going to grow 25 to 30% all the way to 2030 and now saying, "Yeah, 23%." you know, starting to spook investors. When something is priced like this, this expensive, any deceleration and growth is bound to destroy the stock. So, I mapped out a DCF here, and I I'm really struggling with trying to find, as you'll see in these next slides, why Wall Street has such high targets. I guess I'm not giving enough credit to the growth rate, but I mean they're saying they're going to slow it down to the 23% range and they're, you know, and 2030 I'm only going to credit them the 18% even though they originally said 30, but they're already decelerating to 23% for 26, right? So I have it growing here and uh analyst expectations for 26 uh and then 27 throughout is slightly lower just because of the guidance they gave right and then even in margins I'm just going to credit them and say hey you know 6% is like about where they're at now let's just say they get to 25 for 26 through 20 35 let's try to get a little aggressive and say they'll hit 30% even a margin into perpetuity use a discount rate of 10% cap Capex about 7% um I'm I'm sorry capex about 5% networking capital about 2%. Run that through the model here and that gives us an EV of about 22 billion. Now they have cash in excess of debt of about 1.8 billion here. So their equity value is 23.5 billion 158 million shares. I'm only getting a price here of 150 bucks. It's currently trading at 250, which would imply that it's extremely overvalued right now. Um, I I I don't know what I'm missing. Usually, I'm fairly close to these Wall Street estimates, which I'm going to show you on the next slide, but I'm coming in well well below Wall Street here. So, here are the Wall Street analyst estimates that, you know, I follow, and I have nine of them listed here. And you can see they're all saying it's a buying and outperform with targets in the mid300s. The stock trades right now at about the mid 200. So I mean they're implying 30% upside from where we are here. I I just am not seeing it in the model. Maybe they're going to come to profitability above 25 to 30%. even if you grow my revenue to 30% in those first to 2030, I'm not going to be getting into the mid300s range. So, I'm really curious how they're getting this. Um, but you know, these guys probably are a lot nerdier than me. So, I'll leave it at that. So, I'm a bit torn, right? Like, I think it's a really unique product. I love to see the growth, but profitability is not there. And what scares me is that dilution. And then they take on the long-term debt. They issue equity to pay it back. Then they dilute shareholders from issuing the equity. And then they pay their employees with stockbased compensation, which also dilutes them. So, I'm really hesitant on the delilution and the profitability that I'm going to issue a hold rating just because if this company were to turn profitable, it would be a gorgeous opportunity to buy. If you think they're going to scale up profitability, I mean, it's a really good time to buy. But for me as a value investor, I'm not seeing the cash flows here the way I want to see them. Right? Going back to that whole cash flow analysis, it's not from operations. It it's it's a bunch of changes in networking capital and the addition of debt being issued. And that worries me. Now, if this company was a true rule of 40 company, oh my gosh, I'd be so excited to dip my toes in. I wouldn't even care about the price to earnings ratios. But it's the fact that they don't have that profitability that I want to see some more from them. and I want to see them really turn that corner in terms of profitability and uh you know then I'll be a buyer.
