---
ticker: ZS
type: youtube
title: "Drill Down Earnings, Ep. 434: Zscaler FY 2026 Q2 earnings – ($ZS) – A Deep Dive with Cory Johnson"
channel: "The Drill Down"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fGURxeLBnUE
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 7420
---

# Drill Down Earnings, Ep. 434: Zscaler FY 2026 Q2 earnings – ($ZS) – A Deep Dive with Cory Johnson

## 视频信息
- **频道**: The Drill Down
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fGURxeLBnUE

## 转录全文

Welcome to drill down earnings. We have quarterly results up from Zscaler, that giant in cyber security. I'm Corey Johnson. Not quite as much of a giant here in a sunny and warm San Francisco. Yeah, that happened. Zcaler results are pretty good and the market didn't like them. That happened. Let's talk about why. Uh I'm the chief market strategist for Pisry Capital Research. We covered the 50 most important companies in technology. I think Zcal is not only one of those companies, one of the two or three big biggest and most important companies in all of cyber security right now. Um uh fiscal year uh second 2026 second quarter numbers here better than Wall Street expected. Wall Street expected less than $800 million in revenues. It got $816 million in revenues. Uh and indeed growing at a 26% clip. Uh really nice. Average recurring revenues in particular doing very well. Uh growing at 25% to um that's an annual number, right? average recurring annual recurring revenue I should say uh of uh $3.4 billion here. So uh pretty impressive uh big customer commitments in terms of uh RPOS of $6.1 billion. Um why AI? AI is driving cyber security revenues because if you think about it, you know, AI is the use of data. Data is no good unless you know what it is and it's no good unless you know it's safe and you know who can access that data to make data safe. So you need more cyber security tailored for AI. That's what these guys do. So, their enterprise AI app usage expanded to 3,400 applications that are using uh this this uh security from Zscaler and it's quadrupled in 12 months. They're now managing 18,000 terabytes of data in AI apps. It's kind of hard to imagine that scale here. Um and they did over a trillion AI transactions in calendar year 2025. So, it's a real big change here. And you know, forever Zcaler has always been about zero trust, hence the Z. So it used to be firewalls protecting information, but they're like a bridge. So once you can get on that bridge, you can go back and forth with data. The zero trust works when it's a when it's a user, of course. Uh when the notion is that you don't trust the user just to have access to anything. What you do is you trust them with certain parts of data and other parts of data. What's interesting though is when we start talking about agents and agentic AI means uh software code that acts like people do you give those agents certain permissions and how do you manage those permissions and who's in charge of all that zcow has got a huge opportunity here we expect them to seize that now it hasn't shown up in the income statement in terms of profits they had a negative 6% operating margin on a gap basis but again on a non-GAAP basis are very profitable and indeed are generating a lot of free cash flow uh and their billings are still growing at 20% here. Uh, and that's because of things like their ZDX Advance Plus, um, which is what manages Agentic IT operations. U, they did over $100 million in that business in the last 12 months, growing at 80% year-over-year as customers are of of Zcal are looking for ways, as I say, to manage those agents, manage those those robots out there, those software robots out there acting like users. It's a really interesting time for these guys. Now, they raised their guidance, but not much. Uh, so the guidance sits in right about just above $7.3 billion for the year. Um, uh, on top of their their their recent growth, but maybe Wall Street wanted more. I'll also mentioned the booktoill ratio was down a little bit, 5% uh, on a year-over-year basis, and maybe that was concerning as well for Wall Street. Regardless, whatever it was, the stock sold off 10% in after hours trading. These are not the bang out raise guidance and and uh uh, you know, wheels are are coming off. They're moving so fast. That's not what's happening. The wheels are coming off the stock. Stock down 15% going into this print and surely open down more uh in the morning. Um now their billings are still growing as I mentioned and I think that that's a positive sign for this company going forward. Um if if they get that 20% billings growth uh and continue to get numbers like that, the business is going to be there. And it sounds like the products are in the right place. Here's what founder and CEO Jay Chowry had to say. &gt;&gt; Agents are somewhat like you. they're just more dangerous and they're growing at a rapid pace. So there is high degree of interest in proper security especially zero trust for agents that we provide. The budget opens up the budget either comes from the security side of it or the CIOS are allocating some number of budget out of the AI project. If you're spending $100 on an AI project, you spend four, five, $6 on security is viewed as very nominal thing. So we're not seeing budgets as an issue to do AI security projects. It does require that you need to engage at the sea level and we have very good sea level relationships and we pretty good brand and credibility with Fortune 500 companies. &gt;&gt; So it is a whole new world from when we used to talk to Jay Charter. It's been a few years since we had him on our show. But good news, good news. Jay Charter is going to come back. I'm going to drill down special drill. We're going to focus and spend a a little bit of time with him and really get into kind of some of these new issues about how zero trust works in a world where software and agents are controlling more and more uh interactions with data. Uh it's an exciting time about with AI and I think it's it's going to be fun to hear the story of what they've got going on and frankly what the market doesn't like and we're going to get into some of that as well. But uh u an interesting quarter from these guys. More to dig into when we talk to Chowry uh over the next couple days. You'll be able to listen to that podcast on this feed. But what's it all mean? What's your big feel on earnings takeaway? What's the one number that tells you a whole lot? I'll tell you all that, but please subscribe to this feed, follow us, maybe give us some comments if you've got them. We'd love to know what you think and it helps us uh have the numbers to present more of these and get guests like Jay Chowry, the man of the moment, uh when it's important to get them. But here's your summary, your essential summary of uh do that again. Three, two, but Zcaler with uh uh 2026 Q2 earnings. Here's your essential summary. which you really need to know. They beat Wall Street estimates in terms of revenues, non-GAAP earnings, GAAP earnings, you name it. Uh but it wasn't the market did not like the the guidance and not being a blowout kind of guidance quarter, even though the products are changing so dramatically with security to protect against data theft and and intrusions from AI agents, not just bad guys out there, but bad code. Uh it's a really interesting time for these guys. as they've got 26% revenue growth, but I thought the most important number they reported was $843,129,000 in billings. Their billings are still growing, growing at about 20% on a year-over-year basis. So, they've got more business coming in. The business is growing at an exciting time of change for Zcaler. The market doesn't like these numbers right now. We're going to talk to Jay uh Chowry, the CEO and founder about this more in the coming week. Thanks for checking out the drill down.
