---
ticker: HOOD
type: youtube
title: "A Cheeky Pint with Robinhood CEO Vlad Tenev"
channel: "Stripe"
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_F8SfqaYeq4
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 68230
---

# A Cheeky Pint with Robinhood CEO Vlad Tenev

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Stripe
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_F8SfqaYeq4

## 转录全文

No calorie. &gt;&gt; No, I wouldn't say no. It's Guinness. It's a It's a meal in and of itself. &gt;&gt; Nobody gives a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about onchain issuance. They just want a button to deliver money so that they can raise for their venture as easy as possible. &gt;&gt; Were there any moments during that saga where you're like, I can't believe I'm having this call right now. &gt;&gt; Elon was like, "You're being an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to the people. What you've got to do is full transparency 100%. You know that I'd love to tokenize or otherwise make your stock available to retail. &gt;&gt; And you know that I'm skeptical. &gt;&gt; I want to see this handstand push-up now. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's fine. &gt;&gt; 60 calories, so pretty light. Um, will we get Vlad Mike? &gt;&gt; Vlad Tennv is the co-founder and CEO of Robin Hood, the company that turns zero commission trading into an industrywide phenom. He went from a math PhD to running one of the fastest growing consumer finance apps today. &gt;&gt; Cheers. Cheers. Thanks for coming. Good to see you. &gt;&gt; Thanks for having me, John. &gt;&gt; Okay, so you grew up in Bulgaria, moved to the US. You're a math nerd. You studied math undergrad. You dropped out of a PhD. &gt;&gt; I dropped out. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then you started an HFT firm that kind of became Robin Hood over time. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Sort of. I mean, that's putting it uh it it was a it was a relatively fast failure, the HFT firm, but we learned a lot. &gt;&gt; But the experience was useful. Yeah. We'll get to Robin Hoods, but first I want to know, tell me about the hoarding of copper pots in Bulgaria in the '90s. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. So, when I was a child, Bulgaria had the unfortunate distinction of having the highest inflation rate in the world. I think in 1997, uh, we went through hyperinflation. &gt;&gt; What was the inflation rate? &gt;&gt; I think it was something like 2,000% if I remember correctly. And and maybe maybe even higher than that. There were a few echoes of of high inflation before kind of the the big moment. &gt;&gt; Ultimately, Bulgaria ended up having a lot of debts in foreign denominated currency which creates a problem, right? Then if your currency devalues even a little bit, it creates this this debt spiral. But the Berlin Wall fell, communism kind of collapsed in Eastern Europe. And in 1991 when I was still living there, I was 4 years old. The inflation rate was like 150%. &gt;&gt; So then my grandfather was actually like, "This country is not going in a good place." He he told my parents, "You should try to figure out how to how to get out of here." And the good thing was, you know, after the iron curtain was lifted, my dad had an opportunity to go to the University of Delaware for a masters. We were able to &gt;&gt; eventually all move over there. It was first my dad, then my mom, and then I lived with my grandparents back in Bulgaria for a bit, but then they had enough resources to send for me. And about 5 years in, we we had this hyperinflation bout. So my grandparents pensions, they had recently retired, went to essentially zero. Um, I had a savings account in Bulgaria that they had opened for me. It was funny. I was in Washington a couple weeks ago for the Invest America child investment accounts initiative and I opened up an old briefcase that my dad had and it had the slip for my savings account which basically showed okay when I was born they put you know $2,000 equivalent in there and then they added money over time and then 1997 it was down to like $10 and then they just stopped adding money. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So &gt;&gt; yeah, pensions went to zero. Uh my grandfather at the time, he was a doctor for uh the Bulgarian maritime forces, kind of like the Navy. &gt;&gt; So he knew some people on port that had copper cookware. So he figured out, you know, he didn't have anything like Robin Hood. He didn't have any way to invest in stocks. So we had this closet in his apartment in Barnabia where you just open the door and copper cookware would would fall out. So that was the store of wealth. &gt;&gt; That was the store of value. Yep. &gt;&gt; This presumably must inform your views of crypto where there's a general trend in a bunch of emerging markets with currencies that have historically seen hyperinflation where people want to keep their money not in the currency because of just the experience you had with the uh the savings account. It feels like that is a big part of the early product market fit around the world. The surprising thing about what you said to me is that Bitcoin was originally thought of as the store of value and this way to escape local hyperinflation, but people don't seem to be using it for that or quite as much. &gt;&gt; And if you look at stable coins, stable coins have gotten a lot of traction overseas because you have this sort of like need to have US dollars. M &gt;&gt; everyone just wants US dollars. &gt;&gt; It has a a very strong brand as a safe, stable currency. &gt;&gt; Part of that might be an education thing, but it's hard to &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Partly people in these countries are used to have some familiarity with US dollars already, so you've less of a unit of account confusion and things like that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that's right. Yeah, I think crypto has become a really good mechanism to uh store your wealth, but it it's not necessarily the only one. I mean, I think US stocks and a diversified portfolio of companies &gt;&gt; could also achieve the same goal. I think the problem is &gt;&gt; it's it's kind of lagged because the infrastructure has been so bad that it's actually quite difficult for you to get access to US stocks if you live outside the US. &gt;&gt; So, I was going to ask about that. Um, there's a strong home country bias in investing. uh where Peter Levelvels was here and he talked about his parents buying a royal shell uh stock you know in the Netherlands uh you know my parents would have owned Irish bank stocks in Ireland and so traditionally that's what people do a lot of uh markets have underperformed kind of the US and maybe there's more desire for people to own either the S&amp;P 500 or the MCI you know global index uh and so is part of Robin Hood's strategy letting people escape the home country bias in investing &gt;&gt; the the plan is to give you access to every asset. So eventually over time we're going to integrate with the London Stock Exchange, Hong Kong, all the major markets. &gt;&gt; But doesn't that mean you are escaping the home country bias? Because again like I would posit that people invest too much in their home country today. Yeah, I think that, you know, there's there's a conflicting interest here to some degree because if you talk to the governments, they always want to encourage investment in the home country and I I think that's reasonable because &gt;&gt; at the end of the day, the the citizens should benefit from that is the idea. But &gt;&gt; from the customer standpoint, the best customer experience is just to get the the best stuff. If you talk to someone in Europe, &gt;&gt; they also would like to invest in Tesla, Nvidia, you know. &gt;&gt; So, as I think about how Robin Hood broke out uh and became really popular, clearly a mobile first experience is a big part of it. Uh like again, Stripe was not the first payments company. Robin Hood was not the first uh online brokerage. Even discount brokerage guys like E Trade and stuff like that. And so when you come into a market where you're not the first, uh, you need kind of a significantly better better value proposition. Having a really good mobile experience was a big part of that. What else allowed you to take so much market share versus, you know, again, Erade and all those other guys? &gt;&gt; Well, I think the zero commissions was a big thing. I think that we did two things that were difficult and differentiated simultaneously. One was lowering the commissions to zero. When we started, it cost 7.95 to9.95 to place a single trade, which I I think was a problem for two types of customers. One is someone getting started with a 100 bucks. Yep. &gt;&gt; I mean, if 99.95 is your commission once you get in and out of trade, that's 20% &gt;&gt; uh 20% drag on your portfolio. So, that's a problem. basically made it so that you couldn't get started with under $2,000. And by the way, most of them had account minimums of $2,000 anyway. So, yeah, &gt;&gt; we got rid of that when we eliminated the commissions. &gt;&gt; And then, you know, the second group of people that it's a problem for is the active trader. &gt;&gt; If you're trading somewhat actively, you could be paying tens of thousands of dollars or more a month in commission fees. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So when when we launched those types of customers who are really poorly served by the existing offerings just kind of flocked to it. So so that was one thing innovating on the pricing and the structure which led to a bunch of other downstream things. So from from the very beginning we were like in order to make this work we have to make our costs as low as possible which means we have to automate everything and we have to like streamline all processes from from onboarding customers to customer service elements to &gt;&gt; yes &gt;&gt; processing payments linking bank accounts. &gt;&gt; I mean it was actually quite innovative for many years to do automated account approvals in brokerage. I mean we we would interview people from other brokers you know when we launched they all kind of wanted to come join us and they were like how do you do it &gt;&gt; we've been trying to do this for decades &gt;&gt; okay so the tech and computerization revolution had not fully hit brokerages where they hadn't the level of &gt;&gt; automation and technology which would allow for a lower cost structure and more scale that they should have had if they were taking this &gt;&gt; trans these are all mainframe I think a lot of them are still running on mainframe name. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So there are like three &gt;&gt; technology revolutions behind. And actually that was our observation from the first business, the high frequency training firm that ultimately wasn't successful. But our observation was, well, you've got our software and then a team of three engineers that can manage a book that's trading, you know, billions of dollars a day. So why do these brokerages have yes &gt;&gt; these gigantic you know operations departments and why are they charging customers $9.95 and and part of it is certainly the technology just wasn't there so it it cost them much more to process each trade part of it is also that there wasn't any new entrant in the space that was actually providing pricing pressure so I think I think we were able to do that &gt;&gt; I mean it's so obvious when you see it in hindsight you um created uh sophisticated tech platform that allowed for lower marginal cost and passed that on to the consumer in the form of um you know lower fees and then you had a good mobile app and &gt;&gt; that's you know probably 80% of it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and you know mobile I thought was a big too. Um, I think each of these things could have probably led to a good decent sized business if we just had the best mobile app and we charged, you know, $4.95 a trade &gt;&gt; or if we just had zero commissions, but it worked really well and the mobile app maybe was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I think I think that probably also would have worked, but two of them together I think led to a outlier level of success. So the thing that allows you or at least allowed you in the beginning to do the zero commission trades is uh the payment for order flow. And I find the whole narrative around payment for order flow crazy where you'll have politicians out there uh you know on the pulpit railing against this you know front running that's happening and how this is kind of unfair to consumers whereas actually you know Matt Levine has written extensively about it. It seems pretty clear that the reason that payment forflow exists is the adverse selection problem where when you are trading you care about who your counterparty is and if your counterparty is Ken Griffin you're like huh what does he know that I don't whereas for the kind of consumer retail uh order flow you have people are very happy to uh you know to trade with those parties and so as a result you can just get well you're required to get the best price but you can get a better price by selling the order flow because there isn't that adverse selection problem versus what is out there on the market where you don't know is it someone who's like super sophisticated who knows something you don't. &gt;&gt; Well, I I would I would say one thing. I think the narrative got a little bit away from us. The truth is at the beginning we didn't care about payment for orderflow and we actually did not think that it was going to be a big source of revenue because it was so small and actually for the first several years we weren't self clearing and we were relying on a third party to even route our orders. So we cleared through Apex. &gt;&gt; Apex had a vendor relationship with Instinet which routed our orders. So if you look at the early pitch decks for for Robin Hood, &gt;&gt; we thought we would make money from API access and a premium subscription offering that was yet to be undefined and margin lending. And then you know we saw that we had all these active traders &gt;&gt; and then payment for orderflow become became a larger and larger revenue stream. But that was really just because we got so so much bigger, so much faster on the trading side that even this like tiny revenue stream became quite meaningful over time. &gt;&gt; All of the competitors offered it uh or or took advantage of payment for orderflow. If you look at TDM trade before they moved to zero commissions, their average revenue per trade was something like $12 and it was like or maybe $11. $10 of it was commission, $1 was payment for order flow. &gt;&gt; And of course, we deleted the the $10 bit. &gt;&gt; And and when they had to match our pricing, their stock went down 35% on a day. &gt;&gt; Uh which was crazy. They they couldn't survive as a independent company. They had to be merged into Schwab. Erade got gobbled up by by Morgan Stanley. And then the narrative some somehow became, oh, they're making even more money from this other like payment for order flow thing than they would have made if they were charging commissions. But &gt;&gt; but that's my question on payment for order flow. How did the debate get so wacky and so disconnected from how the markets actually work? &gt;&gt; I think the way it happened and this was a little bit of unfortunate timing on our part. When we announced Robin Hood, our initial weight list in 2013, there was this book that came out, Flash Boys, and it was basically like uh coincident with the announcement of of Robin Hood, the Michael Lewis book where &gt;&gt; which it was interesting because as a highfrequency trader, a former person in the space, &gt;&gt; I read that book and I was like, man, this is a sensationalized account. But but basically if you think about um he was setting this up as like a good versus evil battle, but the the good people in this story were the big banks who were unable to keep up with this technology that were getting picked off by the MIT kids &gt;&gt; with all the new software. &gt;&gt; Evil MIT kids. And I was like, man, this is a &gt;&gt; amazing piece of jiu-jitsu, how you can make like the big legacy banks that are making tens of billions of dollars of revenue feel like the victim here. &gt;&gt; Um, but yeah, he threw this payment for order flow &gt;&gt; thing in there that &gt;&gt; I think somehow like made you think that the victim was a retail consumer cuz you have to tie it in to make the story. &gt;&gt; Kind of started the meme. Okay, that's &gt;&gt; I think that poisoned the well a little bit around this whole thing &gt;&gt; and it made it something that we had to contend with even from the time we launched. You know, from the time we launched, you look at Reddit threads or hacker news threads and it's like, &gt;&gt; oh, but there's payment for order flow. I just read Flash Boys by Michael Lewis. You, you know, you got to you got to get this book if you really want to know what's going on. So now uh the equities uh part of the business um and payment for orderflow is one of the smaller business lines where options is bigger, interest income is bigger, maybe crypto is bigger, I don't know. And so you've created many other successful revenue lines. Interest income is a significant part of the revenue stream. Doesn't that make the business very interest rate sensitive? I mean maybe that's just like yes we're like a bank in that way and that's just a fact of life for the business but how do you think about the fact that you have kind of now more volatility in the business? I mean I guess you had volatility previously with trading volumes but it's more volatility before if you sort of like zoom out in financial services there there's not so many ways that you can make money. You can make money on the transaction. you can make money on uh interest on the assets whether it's cash and you're earning a a small spread on that or securities lending for securities that we hold. Um and then you know for the industry that's pretty much been it and all all these things that we've discussed kind of fall into one of those two buckets. We also have subscription &gt;&gt; through Robin Hood Gold &gt;&gt; which is not common in in the brokerage industry. I think since we've kind of rolled that out, people have tried to replicate aspects of it, but you know, in the beginning when we started with subscription, everyone's like, "No, in the brokerage industry, it doesn't work. Nobody does it." And &gt;&gt; and I said, "Well, let's let's just see." Yeah. Let's let's see if it works. It's interesting to me how it feels like many of the neo financial services are moving towards subscription models as a way to segment the high quality customers essentially like uh Revolute has a bunch of different subscription products you guys do and it seems like maybe a good idea because uh previously banks would not do that and as a result I think they didn't have a way of like actually segmenting the product offerings in this good way. I don't know if it's if it's segmentation. I mean, we we have one subscription tier. I know a lot of people have not segmentation. &gt;&gt; I think that subscription is more of a there there's a loyalty element to it, which is a little bit more psychological. &gt;&gt; People feel like they've invested in this product and they want to use it. &gt;&gt; Exactly. So, so our our general flow is someone comes to Robin Hood and usually they come because they want to buy a stock or they want to buy some crypto. There might be some other reasons, but those are like the simple dominant ones. &gt;&gt; Then we tell them about the Robin Hood Gold subscription and we make it clear that that's basically a no-brainer. you get like eight things and they might not be interested in each of those eight things, but then they become a Robin Hood Gold member and then I think the natural tendency is I'm already a Robin Hood Gold member. As long as I'm peripherilally aware that Robin Hood offers a product in the category that I need, I'm going to check that first &gt;&gt; because I feel like I'm already invested. &gt;&gt; People want to get use from the bundle that they have purchased. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I want to get use from the bundle. Uh, I want to I want to get a good deal. And if we can communicate that if if you're a Robin Hood Gold member, you don't really have to think about anything. Yes. &gt;&gt; You know, if you should just assume that you're getting the best deal in the market. Yes. &gt;&gt; Then I think you get Amazon Prime, Costco effect where that just becomes your go-to place for financial services. &gt;&gt; You have investing. You have now the card with um Robin Hood Gold and the 3% cash back. &gt;&gt; Yes. Do you at some point essentially become people's primary bank account or primary financial account, however you want to call it, where they get their paycheck deposited there and then they have a card that they can spend that money on or they can go invest it. But it seems like you have a lot of the ingredients already to become people's consumer's primary financial home which again I would characterize as the place that they're getting their paycheck deposited. Yeah, we've been thinking about this for for a while and we're launching Robin Hood banking actually in in the coming months. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's cool. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we we announced that at our gold event a couple of months ago with a few innovative features including cash delivery, which I'm very excited about. &gt;&gt; The armored truck rolls up to your house. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Or the small uh uh Tesla model. &gt;&gt; I want an armored truck. Some better aesthetics. &gt;&gt; Armored truck. Uh we would have to do the armored truck if you want a delivery of like $250,000. Yeah, it's very expensive for the $100 to $200 average ticket charge for a ATM transaction. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Okay. So, so you are doing uh consumer banking and the features that you think are important for that are cash delivery is one. What else? &gt;&gt; Uh I think having a good high APY. I think also there's an opportunity to make it really easy to switch &gt;&gt; from one bank to the other. I think part of the reason it's hard to make it as a as a bank that doesn't cater to the low end is you have to move all of your stuff from your existing bank to yes to the new one and you know you've got a lot of bills you have direct deposit from your paycheck. &gt;&gt; So if we can make that process frictionless if you can just push a button and we take care of everything. &gt;&gt; That's cool. &gt;&gt; I I think that would be really powerful. &gt;&gt; And sorry how do you press that button and take care of everything? like have you built migration software from other banks or like what does the button do? &gt;&gt; Yeah, so it's not out yet. Uh but what it will do initially is it it's kind of like a lot of custom migration software that links into your payroll providers and and things like that. &gt;&gt; But over time as these AI models get better and better, you should think of it as like uh your your family office CFO, right? and you don't have to do all of the migrations for you. You just call this person and then they kind of like &gt;&gt; deal with it. I think there's no reason we can't deliver that experience within the next one to two years. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Oh, and do you have any funny stories from the uh the GameStop saga? You must have had some just surreal moments in there that make for a good &gt;&gt; memory now type two fun. I guess um to to come up with something maybe a little bit more interesting that hasn't been reported on too widely before. &gt;&gt; I think everyone most people that I guess follow know about the capital requirements and the regulatory stuff. But I think one of the interesting things was back in 2020 when co started and there was a huge influx of retail investing. I I think one of the things that differentiated Robin Hood was that we were giving free stocks to people and we still do this but it was a great way to get started. You get your free stock if you refer someone it was kind of birectional &gt;&gt; and you get one share. Now one of the stocks that was actually very popular at that time was GameStop. So if you joined in 2020, uh there was a good chance that you know GameStop was the stock that welcomed you to Robin Hood. &gt;&gt; Y &gt;&gt; and we had millions of customers joining in in 2020. And so in hindsight, you know, this whole movement and a lot of people are still angry at me as I could tell. Every time I talk to another journalist or, you know, anchor from a channel that I haven't been on a bunch of times, the first reaction I have is, "Wa, you've got a lot of fans that are that are all about GameStop. Maybe maybe I should spend more time with you." To to some extent, that that whole thing wouldn't have happened without us. Like, we made possible uh this whole thing. So, I feel &gt;&gt; I see you put a lot of long pressure on the GameStop stuff. I wouldn't even put it on the technical market aspects, but I kind of feel like these people's father in a sense, right? You know, I just uh psychologically I feel like uh &gt;&gt; I feel like they grew up with with &gt;&gt; a lot of people their first GameStop. Sure. &gt;&gt; I think it's time for Some of them are angry. They've left home. They've gone out in the real world. We've grown too. So, I think it's kind of time for them to just come home. &gt;&gt; I think it's it's enough uh enough rebelling. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. But like were there any moments during that saga where you're like I can't believe I'm having this call right now. I can't believe I'm in this. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Yeah. Um the whole thing was also very weird cuz it was all remote. And at that time it was sort of like one year into co &gt;&gt; And I at least was itching for some real human contact. I think it was maybe 2 days after the GameStop uh the the trading restrictions. It was like uh Saturday or Sunday. And one of the really cool things was, you know, my investors, my friends, they were calling me. They were offering help. A bunch of people that probably wouldn't have given me the time of day &gt;&gt; were offering to get on calls and help me navigate this whole situation. Like uh Mark Benoff was very nice. Um &gt;&gt; Mark Zuckerberg, I never talked to Mark Zuckerberg, but he's like, "Hey, maybe I can maybe I can help you with this thing. I've had my share of, you know, PR issues. We workshop some stuff. &gt;&gt; So, these were people reaching out to be supportive. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Elon Musk connected with me, too. &gt;&gt; That's pretty, &gt;&gt; you know, I was always a big Elon Musk fan, early Tesla adopter. &gt;&gt; So, I think I got connected to Antonio Gracias &gt;&gt; uh through through one of my investors and he was like, "Well, I can help you with this. You know, you're probably going to get asked to testify before Congress. you should try to see if you can get out of that. Ultimately, I didn't end up getting out of it. &gt;&gt; So, that that was a great conversation. He was very helpful. And then he called me back 10 minutes later and he's like, "I've got Elon here. He wants to talk to you." Uh, and and Elon was like very intense. He's like, "Uh, you know, you're being an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to the people. You've got to what you've got to do is full transparency, 100%. Put it all out there playbyplay. full transparency. And so then he was doing this clubhouse. I don't know if you remember it. It was his uh &gt;&gt; Yeah. The Vlad the Impaler clubhouse. &gt;&gt; Yes. So that was like a scheduled thing uh with uh with Shiram and Arthy on on that good time show. They were like blowing up at the time. &gt;&gt; Back when we had scheduled clubouses back in that period of the pandemic. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So everyone was very very excited about this. And so I text him after my call. I was like, "I've got this crazy idea. How about I just go on the clubhouse and we lay it lay it all on the line." That was a spur-ofthe- moment decision to hop on hop on that 1 a.m. clubhouse, but I think it ended up being quite good. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, as we talk about this uh kind of GameStop saga in professional investors say that the rise uh of retail and their increased relevance has really changed the investing business. What's your view on that? Or do you have any kind of perspective from your seat? It's just interesting to me as you hear people who run hedge funds or again people who are professional investors that it's just it's it's different versus 5 or 10 years ago. &gt;&gt; Yeah. One of the values that we had on the Robin Hood website from the very beginning was um the importance of individual direct participation in the markets. We kind of had this feeling that everything was getting a little bit abstracted, right? It's like you're you're you're not investing in a company. You're investing in some retirement fund or pension fund and then that's being handled by, you know, an asset manager. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. &gt;&gt; And maybe they're putting it into an ETF. So, you're probably four steps removed &gt;&gt; from actually investing in the real company. And I thought that was kind of a degenerate case when you think about it because you know you have all sorts of weird things happening like &gt;&gt; something happens with tariffs &gt;&gt; and now suddenly you know a stock like Palanteer or something that's completely unrelated to tariff action is taking a huge hit &gt;&gt; and you can kind of understand it when when you go through this indirect thing someone's making a macro decision they're rebalancing their portfolio and these individual companies that maybe have nothing to do with it or just kind of a collateral damage. &gt;&gt; So I think as we were going to this more abstracted world, the signal of like I'm buying this stock because I believe in this company and I think their future prospects are very good was getting more and more diluted. And I think retail provides a counterbalance to that. I think that's why recently with the whole tariff saga, retail ended up doing quite well because and and I think sometimes this is criticism, sometimes it's kind of praised, but retail is known as dip buyers, &gt;&gt; right? Because they're like, "Oh, well, this stock is at a discount. I believe in it. I'm going to buy it." &gt;&gt; But I think they end up looking quite smart, right? Because they take advantage of this like macro headwind that ends up disproportionately impacting stocks that really don't get harmed from it. And then I think when like that stuff washes out uh they they've ended up benefiting disproportionately. &gt;&gt; So yeah, I'm a fan of it. I think more direct ownership is generally healthier and and less kind of like stacks and stacks of misdirection. &gt;&gt; Do um Robin Hood users vote uh their stock ownership like in the proxies? &gt;&gt; They do. Um I mean they have the ability &gt;&gt; because I mean that seems like a good trend where it's been much decrieded the you know the fact that everything's in index right now and then you have ISS and like the shareholder uh services companies that where you have like a very small number of random firms making recommendations on how mutual fund managers should vote versus people directly making &gt;&gt; the voting thing. I I think there's a lot of people including us that are keen to figure out how to make that a bigger thing. I think there's two problems with it. One is that most proxy votes are just not super interesting. &gt;&gt; Like if you look at it, it's sort of like incomprehensible things that &gt;&gt; don't really get retail very excited. I mean, if there's some kind of like proxy war and you're voting the CEO, &gt;&gt; but it's usually not that. It's usually something that maybe you'll get like one per year or one every two years. The other thing is the sort of like decision to vote on something versus just selling the stock. &gt;&gt; So as retail, you have the option where you can just sell the stock. &gt;&gt; And in some ways, that can be an easier outlet for the feeling that you're not happy with the company. &gt;&gt; Whereas if you're a a fund manager, &gt;&gt; you're in that stock because you don't have a choice. you're subject to some algorithm that says you have to buy it and then you end up accumulating so so many of the shares &gt;&gt; but you can't just sell easily. &gt;&gt; So that's why those guys are particularly motivated to vote because that's actually their only outlet to expressing a point of view about the company. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; So I think in order for voting to become bigger, we have to like solve both of those problems. It might be possible if you make it more delightful and if you incentivize it to get uh to solve the first one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But I think you're competing with users being able to sell the stock which is a a powerful alternative. &gt;&gt; Should I go first? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So 15 27 &gt;&gt; 12 27. Okay. &gt;&gt; If we think about who owns companies in America, there's uh insider ownership, there's ETFs, there's direct retail holdings, there's mutual funds and hedge funds. Maybe you merge those, you know, um, lump those last two together, but those are kind of the way in which stocks are held. Where is Robin Hood taking share from? Like, are people taking dollars that they would have invested in a mutual fund uh, and investing it instead directly in companies? Is it new dollars coming into the stock market? I'm just curious how I should think about that, mix. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's been a while since we've done this analysis. I think the last time we did it, we found that it was mostly new dollars coming in. like that money that customers are investing. &gt;&gt; Would have very likely been spent or consumed in some way. And then, you know, maybe at some point someone's investing it, but but not that retail investor, &gt;&gt; which is why um you know, the whole gamification narrative kind of rubbed me the wrong way from from the beginning because it's like, oh, are you making it too easy? For a while, I was like, &gt;&gt; that money would have just been spent. &gt;&gt; Like that would have been spent on entertainment. it would have just been people were buying trinkets on Amazon. This is like we're we're taking we're taking money from the spending bucket and moving it into investing. &gt;&gt; Now, of course, over time as we do Yes. more and more &gt;&gt; we're helping you with your spending. We're helping you with your retirement. So, it's becoming, like you said, more comprehensive financial services company. But &gt;&gt; yeah, at least at the beginning, that was that was always like my irk with the &gt;&gt; gamification thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. But presumably part of what triggers those narratives is it feels like every few years there's like a Robin Hood headline around zero day options or Super Bowl contracts or whatever or the stuff that's on kind of the more speculative end of the investment market. Uh and that's what ends up causing these narratives, right? &gt;&gt; I think that's true. Although um well, you're probably right. Although I think the narrative originated uh well before we had any of these things. &gt;&gt; I think it actually originated right when uh our zero commission model became uh universal. So it was end of 2019. Everyone dropped commissions to zero. And then I think before then the answer for why Robin Hood was successful was pretty simple. It's like oh they're &gt;&gt; they're not charging commissions. Everyone else is. But then you know the industry matched us and in 2020 we grew our market share at an accelerated pace and the business itself grew 3 to 5x and then the story for why Robin Hood is successful became a little bit more complicated. It's no longer the commissions. &gt;&gt; Maybe it's a better product. But saying it's a better product is not as salacious as saying oh this gamification they they gify and they makes it much more nefarious. So, I think the media kind of ran with that narrative because it was more effective. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, you want to tokenize private companies. I have uh I have a lot of questions. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. Let's talk about that. &gt;&gt; Um so, first off, how do you actually do it? Because aren't you kind of nakedly short the position where you owe the customer the appreciation of the underlying company, but you can't guarantee that you're going to be able to get your hands on the stock because it's a private company. And so how do you actually mechanically manage that? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So first before we tokenize it, we have to make sure we have the underlying stock or exposure if if there is no stock whatever the equivalent is that we're giving the customer. So, uh, in in all cases thus far, which is the tokenized public stock where it's easy, &gt;&gt; and also the SpaceX and OpenAI giveaway, &gt;&gt; that's that's backed by holdings that Robin Hood uh, &gt;&gt; has on the balance sheet. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Doesn't that mean that you're then limited in the rate in which people can come into these positions? Because if you get, you know, a billion dollars of interest flooding in for OpenAI, you have to go acquire a billion dollars of OpenAI stock, which you might not be able to do at the drop of a hat. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So there there's a similar product that we have called IPO access. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; And the way IPO access works is, you know, kind kind of a similar situation. Retail expresses interest. Uh we we collect it. Typically, it's like massively &gt;&gt; oversubscribed. Uh, and then you know the company hands us out. I mean, most of the time they don't give us very much. Other times if they like us, if they like the idea of retail, they give us a little bit more. We've had some uh IPOs that customers have wanted uh over over the years. So, I think it's a it's a good offering for us, but you know, generally speaking, we don't fill the retail demand. It's massively over. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, there are cutbacks. And so you have the concept of there's only so much allocation that we can grant here. &gt;&gt; But we are we are thinking about this and there's a way to it's kind of a chicken and an egg problem. It's like do we collect the retail demand first? Do we get the supply? &gt;&gt; And I I think the one of our strengths is we have a large balance sheet. So we have some flexibility here. &gt;&gt; Yes. You can act as an underwriter &gt;&gt; or or a venture fund, you know, in the private sense. So we're we're thinking a lot about how to do this. you you know that I'd love to tokenize or otherwise make your stock available to to retail &gt;&gt; and you know that I'm skeptical um and I guess a number of skepticisms but one of them is we have decided at a policy level as you know society that there's a certain set of disclosures and uh regulations that companies selling stock to the public should be subject to and so you know they need to release their quarterly financials in this way and they need to make these attestations they to run in a certain way and all these things. And so don't don't you end up just end running around that and having regulatory arbitrage where private companies get to act as public companies or get to sell stock to the public which is not something that we want to have happen. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I I disagree uh across a few axes. Um I think these rules these public company disclosure rules which were created &gt;&gt; everyone agrees that we should improve the public company rules. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But I I think that that's uh that's very very hard. I think once a process gets to a certain level of sophistication, &gt;&gt; you basically have to like it's very very hard to just sort of rip it up and make it efficient again. And I think there's two things working against companies going public more, right? One of them is the process and the costs of going public &gt;&gt; have started outweigh the benefits in a lot of cases. I'm sure you guys probably experienced that directly and I'm one of the cases where I think the benefits outweigh the costs actually cuz my entire business you are a public stock trading company. Yeah. But but you know for for you guys for many companies it's probably like a little bit more of a of a nuisance at least now. The other thing is it's just easier to raise private capital. You can get infinite private capital and the only thing that would maybe compel you to go public is restrictions on number of shareholders things like option grants kind of these minor technical things. And you look at retail. So you you gave like a retail protection argument, right? Which is that you don't want retail investors getting into things where they don't have like the full disclosures and information. What I tell you is that retail investors are have the unrestricted ability to yolo into meme coins. &gt;&gt; And and it's like it's kind of a silly juiposition to say any meme coin is okay. open season. There's hundreds of thousands of them. Put however much you want into this, but like SpaceX and Open AI and Stripe are too risky. &gt;&gt; I think there are there are problems with disclosure. Um and and I think the origin of these accredited investor rules, the the thinking behind it is okay, if you have a million dollars, you can hire someone, you can hire a trained professional to like think about this for you, which confers an element of protection. But now you have AI, you have all these tools that give intelligence and data basically for free to you. So I think they they do need a rethink and I think we should figure out how to safely give retail investors access to these names which are you know some of the most innovative companies and I I think we can handle the like disclosure elements fairly neatly actually. &gt;&gt; How far do you want to go with this? Uh like should be uh tokenized? Should a family farm in California be tokenized? Like what is this universe of companies that should be tokenized? I think there's two things that um that are interesting. One is latestage privates &gt;&gt; and I think the customer base is a little bit different because latestage privates is more like uh employees that are looking for secondary. Um so so you as the founder are probably not the person that's like championing for that unless you really like retail access and you know some people believe in that uh very very strongly and they're excited by it but um I think that's kind of the latest stage private opportunity &gt;&gt; and then there's early stage &gt;&gt; which is almost like capital as a service &gt;&gt; and I think there's some talk about onchain issuance and oh this will never work without onchain issuance. I think that's all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Nobody gives a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about onchain issuance. They just want a button to deliver money so that they can raise for their venture as easy as possible. And you know, if if blockchain technology is the easiest and most direct way to do that, &gt;&gt; then it'll win. Uh but yeah, no, nobody's like &gt;&gt; buying onchain issuance at the earlier stages. They're just worried about growing their business. So you would like to see this as a tool for capital formation where startups are able to raise money in this way. I mean we have seen countries play with frameworks for this like equity crowdfunding in the UK um uh some frameworks around that and so that there are &gt;&gt; it's been very effective in some cases. I mean it's still a little clunky and you know it's uh limited to that market &gt;&gt; but Revolute for example did uh I think multiple equity crowdfunding rounds in the earliest stages which &gt;&gt; ended up working quite well for those. &gt;&gt; What about uh let's talk about Stripe? Uh &gt;&gt; have you thought about whether there would be some mechanism where we could either tokenize your stocks or make it available to retail? I can present a couple of options to you. A a menu of options. &gt;&gt; I have a menu of options. One is obviously we can tokenize it directly. The other is you can put it in a diversified fund. A little bit uh less exciting &gt;&gt; less price action essentially. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But price action would be sort of like obscured because there would be &gt;&gt; five companies let's say. Um I think uh &gt;&gt; you seem excited. &gt;&gt; Exactly. You can tell I'm incredibly excited. There's multiple things. One, again, we do not sell uh equity to the uh the general public today and I think our view just as a practical legal matter is that the SEC takes a a dim view of that. Uh and so that's one set of uh obstacles. But then the deeper one is just that Stripe is a Stripe is not a capital consumptive business. We're not out there raising many billions of dollars to um build out presumably more data centers &gt;&gt; that million GPU data center. &gt;&gt; Exactly. And so there are these highly capital intensive uh endeavors uh that as a result it probably does make sense to go out and raise from kind of the deepest pools of capital. Stripe is not that. Uh it is a pretty capital-like business. And so the current set of owners if you leave aside kind of early investors are employees and we kind of like that model. you know, we like the idea that um it's owned by the set of people who are building it and creating the value and then we've solved the employee liquidity question through tenders and so I think it would be a a solution looking for a problem kind of &gt;&gt; but what the problem is normal people can't get access to it right so what if the tenders instead of being purchased by institutional venture capitalists could be a little bit more democratized I &gt;&gt; I'm never that sympathetic to that argument. The the main reason is just if you look at the underlying ownership, it's normal people through a different lens. And so who are the LPs uh in a company like Stripe? It's generally college endowments, it's Kalpers, it's uh you know, it's pretty broad ownership underneath. And so it's not when you're saying um being owned in a diversified vehicle. That's essentially what Stripe is today where the underlying owners that are not people who kind of work at the company or have worked at the company. It's generally funds and those funds are generally people's money managed in some way. I mean we also have a few kind of mutual fund owners or something like that. And so it actually strikes me as a pretty sensible ownership structure. The the other thing that we're kind of getting into in these discussions and kind of when you announced the open AI tokenization, it kind of struck me as a prediction market on the future of a of a specific company. And I'm curious, you're getting now more into prediction markets. I'm curious what the world looks like where prediction markets become much more relevant because that's that's one of the biggest changes of the last 5 years. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh I think prediction markets are awesome. it is fundamentally a little bit different than this. I mean I uh we'll get into the prediction markets thing but yeah one of the criticisms that maybe the the tokenized stocks or the stock tokens offering has had is well these are just counterparty swaps with with Robin Hood but it's not exactly that because they are backed by the underlying asset. So uh in a sense if you think about stable coin &gt;&gt; it's the it's the same mechanism. I mean there's there's different paperwork surrounding it which we can we can debate. &gt;&gt; You have ownersh but yeah you've got like a bucket that you put some stuff in and then you put tokens against that &gt;&gt; and that becomes a tradable instrument on blockchains. So, I actually don't think there's any criticism that you can apply to stock tokens that doesn't apply to stable coins. Like, stable coins have sort of like crossed the Overton window where nobody's really talking about these things. &gt;&gt; But, um, I think I think effectively from from a practical process standpoint, they're identical. Prediction markets, to your point, are like derivatives in in in the ultimate sense. Um, and I think what's exciting about prediction markets is not just the fact that customers can trade them, although that is great for us and and it's been a growing business, but also that there's a use case that's mass market outside of trading. You can just look at it and it becomes like an alternate source of news. &gt;&gt; That's why I I resonate with this idea that prediction markets are truth machines. &gt;&gt; Yes. Where do you use prediction markets outside of elections to get news? &gt;&gt; I mean, I I was at Wimbledon a couple weeks ago and we had uh a great Wimbledon prediction market and there's a Bulgarian tennis player uh who who I who I happen to know a little bit, Gregor Dimitrov, I don't know if you saw this match, he was playing Yanik S who who ended up winning. Now, Gregor Dimitrov um was up two sets to zero. &gt;&gt; Right. and and he was actually winning the third set. So he was going to you know he was going to clean the match up and then you look at the prediction markets I think the time it was like 5545 so it was very very close right anyone who was like a casual observer &gt;&gt; just watching the score &gt;&gt; would be like it's got to be 955 like this is just nobody ever comes back from this &gt;&gt; but it was like pretty much even and I think that's interesting. I I think that the score itself doesn't tell you the full information. There's all sorts of information like injury history, prior experience that if you sort of like tie it into one number becomes a useful prediction. &gt;&gt; I remember watching the Jake Paul Mike Tyson fight as well. &gt;&gt; And you know if you're watching the fight, I I was watching it on on Netflix at the time. It was like the third round and they were like, "Oh, Mike Tyson kid, &gt;&gt; win this with one punch. It's very very close." They were they were trying to keep you entertained so you keep watching it. You look at the prediction market. I think I was looking at poly market at the time. It was like &gt;&gt; 92% Jake Paul. So I think it's broadly applicable. &gt;&gt; I think you can also look at it for these one-time events. You know, the the Pope one was very popular. Uh there's a lot of AI prediction markets which I'm personally very keen on like when is AI going to achieve different milestones. &gt;&gt; So sometimes at least for me I just I just want to know what the answer is. Yes. what the most likely answer to a very specific question. &gt;&gt; And you just can't get that from the news because the the news has become a little bit corrupted because the model is to keep you engaged and entertained, &gt;&gt; which is contrary to &gt;&gt; giving you the immediate answer to your to the question that you're looking for. &gt;&gt; What would you change if you were running the SEC? &gt;&gt; I think Paul Atkins is great. I I have a lot of confidence that he's going to do all of the uh all the things that I think are important. Um &gt;&gt; in general, I've been pretty impressed by the efforts coming out of the administration. I know I know that's uh it's difficult to say something like that, but you know, when you compare that to the previous administration, it's um I think they're focused on the right things. Are you thinking about the invest America initiative or &gt;&gt; I think the invest America initiative you know that that originated in private sector with Brad Gersonner the administration kind of um took that on and I I'm hugely bullish but I don't think it's just that I think the AI plan that came out today &gt;&gt; was uh was very good. I know you and I are in the in the in the same chat groups that discuss that. But like to think that the US is like pushing open source &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Um, yeah. I mean, it's just a very very good thing. On uh on the SEC side, I think private markets and uh tokenization are are the biggest things that I care about and &gt;&gt; I I think they're keen. I mean, the past couple of weeks, &gt;&gt; there's been a lot of talk. The SEC is sort of like very receptive to trying to make that work. &gt;&gt; And so, I'm I'm feeling good about it. But if we end the year or even if it happens next year with comprehensive crypto asset security tokenization framework and some solution that's workable better than what we have today about &gt;&gt; private company access um I I think a full redo of accreditation frankly is is what's needed. &gt;&gt; Again it seems like everyone agrees that the current accredited investor regime is not that sensible. &gt;&gt; How does Robin Hood ship so fast? I think that it just it's it's just a matter of where we're focused. Let me think what the what the useful thing to say is without spilling all my secrets to to my competitors. &gt;&gt; Spill the secrets. &gt;&gt; If you let me tokenize your shares, I will. Um I I think you have to want to ship fast. I mean, a lot of people uh a lot of people say that they want things, but then when they actually break it down into what that entails, they're unwilling to do those things. And I think you have to be confronted with the harsh reality that, you know, sometimes the things that are needed to to ship fast are not comfortable things, right? You have to make &gt;&gt; what are the uncomfortable things people are unwilling to do? I mean, I think that um you have to create culture with the right talent. You have to hold yourself to a really high performance bar. &gt;&gt; Uh you have to have the right environment for people, which I think uh in our case is sort of like we emphasize the in-person experience. We found that that makes a big difference. And I think we've made mistakes across all of these vectors that we've then had to revert. Um, which is, I think, the benefit of doing this for a while. You get to kind of try a bunch of things and and quickly change. &gt;&gt; I mean, we announced we were remote first company in 2022 and then I regretted that pretty much immediately. I was like, "Oh gosh, that was a &gt;&gt; that was a wrong decision." &gt;&gt; Everyone said it was a one-way door, but it turns out it's a two-way door. You can reverse pretty much anything. &gt;&gt; So, are you guys fully in in office now? &gt;&gt; I think we emphasize in office. I mean, it's it's obviously not 100%. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Is it's the main way that you work? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we do this thing where if you're if you're a senior leader or an executive, you're 5 days. If you're a manager, 4 days. If you're an IC, 3 days. &gt;&gt; And I think it's good because &gt;&gt; if you're if you're an individual contributor and you're doing work, it's very nice to know that your manager is going through more pain than you. &gt;&gt; And and I think that's also a general principle for shipping fast or for, you know, motivating. I I think it has to start at the top. &gt;&gt; And you have to be willing to &gt;&gt; do yourself to an even higher degree what what you ask of of everyone else. &gt;&gt; What we do is &gt;&gt; we very much concentrate rewards with our top performers. So if if you're you know one of the best people in the company, you get rewarded very very well. Promotions are are zeroed in on those people. I have a founders community too. which isn't just the people that report to me, you know, that I think that's the sort of degenerate case where &gt;&gt; you end up creating a group of like the most important people of the company and it ends up being the people at the top of the &gt;&gt; orart &gt;&gt; the org chart. &gt;&gt; So, so we have to like have systems that fight against that. &gt;&gt; So, how does this founders community work? &gt;&gt; Yeah, basically if you're in the top 150 people in the company by impact across all levels, it's a real community. So it started out as &gt;&gt; compensation actually Apple top 100 you know they do this event that's the top 100 people do some offsite I think once a year and again by impact and across all levels and I think it gets a lot of noses out of joint &gt;&gt; I have I have heard about that but I think the idea is basically that it started out as being compensation centered so it's like okay if you're uh the best people we have discretionary budget that that we allocate towards that but yeah over time it's grown into an actual community where &gt;&gt; you know if if I go through the updated strategy or vision we get those folks together we get their feedback we try to incorporate we do events we have like events in each city and we get them together for dinners that's cool &gt;&gt; so we try to make it &gt;&gt; is it a way to make Robin Hood as a larger company still feel like a smaller company &gt;&gt; when I uh induct people into this into this community um I usually give a spiel which is basically like if there was a disaster, some kind of uh &gt;&gt; apocalyptic scenario and we had to rebuild Robin Hood with, you know, 150 people, you you would be in that group. &gt;&gt; So that's how I I think about it. I think that, &gt;&gt; you know, you always have to be aware of Yes. &gt;&gt; who your best people are. &gt;&gt; Yes. you you described um uh in 2021 growing too fast and then doing the visualization exercise of what would Frank Sloopman do if he took over my company. What what did you do keeping Frank Sloopman in mind? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that was a funny exercise. We had just had uh it was either a bad earnings or a bad board meeting. One of the ones where you just feel like gut punched from from all directions. So I sat with my team and I was like, well, you know, if they brought in a it was kind of a morbid question, but if they brought in a a CEO who really cleaned this place up, what would they do? &gt;&gt; And there were a few observations. I think the first thing that came to mind is, you know, Frank Slutman would be like, what is this remote work nonsense? Let's get people in the office and working, you know, and I think it was a good exercise to figure out. &gt;&gt; Uh, I think if you made a decision, &gt;&gt; it's hard to reverse that decision. Mhm. &gt;&gt; I think there's a natural sort of like reluctance to not feel like a flip-flopper, right? &gt;&gt; No, totally. It's um you don't need to feel a prisoner to your previous decisions. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think that's one of the things that's actually a benefit to swapping people. &gt;&gt; Yes. Right. Totally. And you know, if I if I take myself out of it and I'm like, "All right, I'm I'm a independent board of directors here. I'm making a decision about the company." One of the benefits of swapping someone out is they can just reverse all of uh &gt;&gt; all of this guy's bad decisions, which they don't want to redo. But if if you're willing to do that yourself, I think that could be &gt;&gt; Patrick's my version of this joke was, you know, when private equity takes over a company and they're like, "Wow, look at what these previous idiot managers did." And you know, there's no reason we can't say that. It's like, "Get a load of what these previous management did. Wasn't that us?" Yeah. So, uh you &gt;&gt; people are unwilling to do that. You can just decide to be inconsistent. Good. Oh, good. I've got a shot. &gt;&gt; Oh, 26. &gt;&gt; What did I get? &gt;&gt; 27. &gt;&gt; Oh, I think the other thing which was also true is okay, there were some obvious things that we knew were the case that we were just kind of ignoring. &gt;&gt; I think I think the big one for us is the active trader market. I think we noticed fairly early on, maybe as early as 2019, that we have a big active trader business and sort of a disproportionate amount of revenue was generated by relatively small group of customers and we had kind of attracted them incidentally. So, we built a product targeting first-time investors. We wanted to make it as easy as possible to get started with $100. But incidentally, that value prop also appealed to someone who was paying the $10,000 a month in commissions and was trading quite actively. And so we attracted all these people. But then, of course, the market moved. Everyone matched our commission offering &gt;&gt; and we had these competitors that were building great tailored active trader experiences. &gt;&gt; Pro offering wasn't good enough. Essentially, &gt;&gt; it wasn't good enough. And and at first, we didn't have a pro offering. It was just pro customers in our regular offering. &gt;&gt; So your pro offering is non-existent. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we didn't have a pro offering and actually there were all sorts of scenarios where if you got too active on our platform and hence generated a lot of revenue for us. &gt;&gt; We would like force you to churn. &gt;&gt; That seems bad that you were rejecting your best customers. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We didn't have good handling and you know our entire business was geared towards the first time investor. &gt;&gt; Yes. And so like these customers didn't even really show up in the data. Every time we do our standard surveying process, we'd be like, "Oh, a very small percentage of our customers cares about this issue." &gt;&gt; But so we did some very simple things. First, we were like, "We care about active traders. This is what's supporting the entire business. Um, we have to make sure they're happy." &gt;&gt; It was the reverse. The more active you were, the less happy you were with the platform. &gt;&gt; When we kind of groed that, &gt;&gt; it was a nightmare scenario. So, I think that's another Frank Slutman thing. You'd be like, &gt;&gt; "Where are you making your money?" Yes. &gt;&gt; You know, it's obvious where are you making your money? How much are we investing? Why are we investing so much in this thing that doesn't make any money and, you know, very little in in the actual like core of the business? &gt;&gt; What were the non-core things you caught at that time? I think we were working on a lot of things that I think were good, reasonably well motivated, but it just wasn't the right time for our cash card offering. Probably the best example. &gt;&gt; So, we had a debit card tied with uh money transmitter account. &gt;&gt; Yeah. S sort of similar in nature to like a cash app uh Chime. &gt;&gt; It was a product for the paycheck to paycheck customer, right? It didn't work very well. I mean, it worked a little bit, but like the Robin Hood customer is not a paycheck-to-paycheck customer. Generally, you have to have a little bit more than that in order to become interested in investing. Our best customers weren't benefiting from the offering. They tended to be credit primary. And once you go to credit primary, it's very difficult. You're basically not going back to moving your spend onto a debit card, generally speaking. &gt;&gt; So, I think that didn't work. There were also a bunch of little things. I mean we were peanut buttered and spread across all these initiatives. We were generally inefficient. &gt;&gt; We were functionally organized. So at that time I moved us to a GM structure &gt;&gt; and and my my feeling there was I was feeling a lot of stress because everything kind of rolled up into me all these other businesses and I had to decide which one was more important. And you know the product people cared about the product being good. The finance folks they care about costs the uh for for the particular product area. Uh the engineers just cared about it getting built. &gt;&gt; And I wanted more people to feel to get the sleepless nights of having the product &gt;&gt; not working. I think with the GMs we got that. When we moved to GM structure and we gave full accountability to the business lines and the revenue to the GMs, it immediately improved because, you know, I could look around, I could see Johan or crypto GM, he's sweating like &gt;&gt; if crypto is not going, you know, &gt;&gt; individual accountability. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and I think that's worked very well for us as well. I think the events have worked well. &gt;&gt; That's more of a recent thing. &gt;&gt; The marketing events. &gt;&gt; Yeah. and you uh the product launch events you you talk you ask you know what's worked well to get shipping cadence &gt;&gt; I think it's always good to have a on top of all the other things that you need to do to make it possible it's always good to have an event &gt;&gt; stake in the ground &gt;&gt; stake in the ground you're either going to make it for this event or you're not and and I think that can be pretty motivating to people &gt;&gt; because everyone wants to &gt;&gt; you know present well they don't want to be the folks letting down the other people in the event. &gt;&gt; We find that with sessions, our headline customer event as well. It's it's very clarifying for getting products out the door. &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. &gt;&gt; And we started with one. I mean, we started with one last year and now we're doing, you know, four plus a year. &gt;&gt; That's cool. Maybe last question. Um, how's it going with Harmonic? You started a mathematical super intelligence lab. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, it's going very well actually. Those guys have been &gt;&gt; cracked super intelligence. &gt;&gt; Not yet. Not yet. Um, we're getting there though. I think our intelligence, we've cracked my intelligence at solving at solving math problems. Uh, and you know, I was a math PhD student. So, I I went to UCLA to do a pure maths PhD to study with Terry &gt;&gt; Tao. &gt;&gt; But when I was in high school, I got to like Amy level if if you're if you're familiar with that. It's like two rungs below the the International Math Olympiad. &gt;&gt; So, in the past year, we've exceeded my intelligence by a considerable margin. So, so I think we're on the way probably another 10x and and we'll be at &gt;&gt; that's cool. &gt;&gt; something that you can consider super intelligence. &gt;&gt; Is it a for-profit endeavor? Is it a nonprofit? And like what's the revenue model? Like what's &gt;&gt; it's a for-profit endeavor. &gt;&gt; We want to get really really good at solving math problems. And the uh unique spin on it is that we're using formal mathematics. &gt;&gt; So we use a language called lean. We translate natural language math into lean. And what that gives you is uh verification. &gt;&gt; And I think verification has been a big problem outside of the AI space. Obviously, if you're relying on AI for something missionritical, verification is important. &gt;&gt; But even in math, I mean, some of these proofs can be hundreds of pages &gt;&gt; and mathematicians have to debate in like a colloquium for years. Like Fermont's last theorem probably good example. It took 2 years for that proof to be certified. So I think the verification problem is a real problem and it's only going to get worse as the output of artificial intelligence systems becomes more and more voluminous. &gt;&gt; Why is the proof of fermas last theorem so long when the theorem itself is so short? Like doesn't that &gt;&gt; suggest to us that it's not the final proof? There's just a shorter one should be possible. &gt;&gt; Not necessarily. I mean if you think about what's widely considered the deepest theorem in mathematics uh the reman hypothesis I mean you can write the reman hypothesis it's like one sentence &gt;&gt; on a chalkboard &gt;&gt; but you ask uh any mathematician and they're like we're not even close we don't even have a strategy new math has to be invented to solve this thing so that's sort of the holy grail and that's actually what motivated tutor and I to start harmonic. The vision would be &gt;&gt; the remon hypothesis &gt;&gt; specifically. &gt;&gt; Yeah. To to have a smartphone app with our AI model to take a picture of uh a statement of the Remon hypothesis on a chalkboard and then it just uh cranks it out and gives you a formally verified proof. &gt;&gt; That'd be a pretty handy app. &gt;&gt; It would be cool. Yeah, that would be a nice viral moment when all these conjectures end up going on social media. &gt;&gt; Exactly. If you're 27 uh product launch event, you know, we're launching the uh the Reman hypothesis now. the room improve. &gt;&gt; Hopefully it gets some some retweets, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. All righty. Glad. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Thank you so much. &gt;&gt; Good stuff. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's really okay. Yeah. &gt;&gt; That's pretty That's pretty good strength. &gt;&gt; I can't do that. &gt;&gt; It's harder than it seems. &gt;&gt; It looks hard. Now we must go.
