---
ticker: HOOD
type: youtube
title: "Where Will Robinhood Stock Be in 5 Years?"
channel: "Asymmetric Investing by Travis Hoium"
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjDnZAm98rM
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 7016
---

# Where Will Robinhood Stock Be in 5 Years?

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Asymmetric Investing by Travis Hoium
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjDnZAm98rM

## 转录全文

Robin Hood has been one of the best investments over the past three years. Even after the recent pullback, shares are up almost 800% over that period of time. But where is this company and the stock going to be 5 years from now? Robin Hood is changing very quickly and you need to know what products are coming and where the company's eyeing growth in the future. Let's dig into it. My name's Travis Hoy. Thanks for watching Asymmetric Investing. Please subscribe here on YouTube for all my content and thanks to this video sponsor, The Mly Fool. If you go to fool.com/asym, they'll give you their top 10 stocks to buy right now. If you want to know where Robin Hood is going, you need to know what the company sees for the future. This is their 10-year vision from 2024. They wanted to focus on active traders that they've done that with the Legend product. They want to increase wallet share for the next generation. So, think about the gold credit card. They recently added custodial accounts and then be the number one in the global financial ecosystem. That's a 10-year vision. And the company thinks it brings a $600 billion total addressable market. active traders relatively small at about $20 billion. The wallet share piece is actually a huge potential growth avenue for the company. $10 billion in US cash sweeps is what they're estimating. $und00 billion in credit card revenue and another $70 billion in US advisory. This is an area where they've just started to play even just a little bit. So, if they can start to gain even a little bit of market share in that advisory business, that will be huge for Robin Hood. But there's much more when you look internationally. some of the same things that they're doing in the US. Crypto staking, international brokerage, international advisory is a huge market, hund00 billion and global neo banking. And these products are going to be fueled by the tailwinds behind Robin Hood. Basically, their customers growing up. That is going to be a huge piece because millennials and younger are the biggest users of Robin Hood. They are still not at the point where they're controlling most of the assets in the US or around the world. that will happen over time. But this long-term wealth transfer is going to be huge for Robin Hood. One of the things that I always look at is what what does their product velocity look like? This was just the last 3 months of 2025. Doesn't include the recent announcements for things like custodial accounts and the platinum credit card. But you can see all the products that they've announced in the in the past few months. Short selling available to customers, 1500 stock tokens added in the U EU in the fourth quarter. money market funds available to EU customers. So, all these things are in service of growing the addressable market and the things that you can do with Robin Hood, which wants to be the financial super app for their users. Thanks to our friends at the Mly Fool for sponsoring this video. Visit fool.com/asym for the top 10 stocks to buy right now. But to understand Robin Hood's financial future, we need to understand how the company makes money. This is the different segments that Robin Hood discloses for revenue generation. In green is their options revenue, blue cryptocurrencies, orange equities revenue, other transactions, and then the big one that's been growing recently is net interest revenue. Now, this is this chart goes back to 2019. So, you can see where the company has grown the most in particular. They've gone gained a ton of market share in options trading and cryptocurrencies. But if you look at the last 12 months, you're seeing some of the volatility in this business. In particular, options is going to come and go kind of as the market does. Same thing with cryptocurrency revenue that spiked in 2024 when we had the election. There was a lot of trading around particular Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies that has kind of slowed down over the past quarter or two. But what's growing more steadily is the net interest revenue. This is going to be all of the fees that they're generating from all their financial services, in particular credit cards. That's going to be the biggest piece of this. Multiple ways that they're going to make revenue on credit cards. One of those is going to be the fees that merchants pay every time you swipe a credit card. Some of those fees are going to be given back to customers in the form of rewards. But then there's going to be the interest that people are paying on the balances they're keeping on credit cards. These credit card companies can make money in a lot of different ways and you can see that growth in the business here. This is something I think is only going to expand as Robin Hood in introduces more and more features for both their trading app and now their new banking app. So add all these together and over the past 3 years, Robin Hood revenue is up about 3x. How much it can grow over the next 5 years? Well, another triple would probably be a lot to be asking for the company. But let's say that they double revenue over the next 5 years. I think that's a reasonable goal for investors. But where does that put the valuation? Well, if you look at multiples like the price to sales multiple or the price to earnings multiple, it's hard to say that Robin Hood is a cheap stock today. price to sales multiple even after the recent pullback in shares of almost 50%. That price to sales multiple is about 16. That's a very high multiple to be paying. Price to earnings multiple also very high despite some one-time benefits recently that's trading for 38.7 times earnings. But what makes Robin Hood unique is it is a digital platform. So as it scales the business, it's going to be able to do so very profitably. That they don't have to build new branches. They don't have to hire a salesforce in each geographic area. they're going to be able to scale globally and do so with the infrastructure that they've already built. So, we're starting to see that operating leverage in the business today. This is in orange their total revenue and in purple is their operating profit. So, you can see end of September 2022, the trailing 12-month operating loss was $1.3 billion. In the most recent year, 2025, $2.1 billion in operating profit. That's what deserves that higher multiple. So I think Robin Hood's business can double over the next 5 years and with that operating leverage even if the multiple comes down price of sales or price to earnings multiple comes down I think the stock can easily double over the next 5 years in an upside scenario if they're able to gain even more market share grow more quickly this could be a stock that's up 300% or more 5 years from now definitely one that I am holding in the asymmetric portfolio but let me know what you think about Robin Hood's future in the comment section below don't forget to subscribe to asymmetric invest ing. Thanks for watching everybody. See you here next time.
