---
ticker: HOOD
type: youtube
title: "Deep Dive Analysis of Robinhood stock"
channel: "Victor H Investing"
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Pi7tSodQY0
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 8213
---

# Deep Dive Analysis of Robinhood stock

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Victor H Investing
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Pi7tSodQY0

## 转录全文

Robin Hood stock had a really good day today. It was up 12.27% and it's been having a terrific 52- week period, up more than 400% over 52 weeks. It's the number one performing stock if I look at a percentage perspective. And this stock with very little investment has become the third most valuable stock in my portfolio. So needless to say, I'm very happy with the return on Robin Hood. I continue to see that this stock is discounted. That's right, discounted. From the very beginning when I would evaluate Robin Hood, their rate of cash flow, the rate of growth, their whole vision and big picture just look really, really positive. Which is why if you look at the videos I've made on Robin Hood, I've been positive on Robin Hood for two years. It's really paid off. I want to update my analysis on Robin Hood. Really slow things down and go step by step on Robin Hood. Now, I own a good amount at Robin Hood now. I own more than $200,000 of stock in Robin Hood. I'm not buying any more shares just because I own so much. If I didn't own that much, I'd be buying Robin Hood. It's a terrific business. Starting with the fact that Robin Hood from what they want as a business is to continue to grow the products they offer to a space in the market to an addressable market that they are dominant in. Robin Hood from the get-go focused on the younger investor and they didn't want to compete with the likes of Schwab, Fidelity, Erade, the battle for the u highly soughtafter, you know, retired investor that had a lot of a lot of capital. That's not the battle that they wanted to have. They wanted to win over the next generation of investors. And I think it was pretty genius of them to do that because first they've dominated They've come across the market with a way of giving trading investing to that younger audience the way they wanted it. Then dominating and having a very strong brand within that space and adding additional products and services like crypto investing. Huge success. Now they want to do banking for that clientele going to be successful. They're doing predictive markets where people are putting bets on simple things like football games or other events that are happening in the world and that's going really really well. That was the reason why the stock went up so much today. So the big picture or I should say the qualitative assessment of Robin Hood when I first saw them I really believed that they were doing the right thing. Don't go compete the way companies have been competing for brokerage services for the last 50 years. You're just going to, you know, meet a very strong opponent. Instead, go into a space and carve it out as your own. Robin Hood famously came out with zero cost trades and that revolutionized the whole industry, which is great. Now we all benefit from it. And now they're doing other things like they're allowing investors to invest in privately held stocks like OpenAI and others. That's a great idea. So the ideas keep coming from Robin Hood. And I I just really believe in the business. So let's get into the fundamentals. I'll go through my valuation and share with you where I think the stock going. So remember, none of this is ever financial advice. I'm just sharing my investing journey, my investment in Robin Hood, and how I see things with this business. Robin Hood has become a $121 billion market cap company. The stock is on a terrific rise. The stock was $8 per share three years ago. Now it's $136 a share. And this stock has gone up in market cap. I started investing in it when it was maybe 10, 15 billion and now it's way up there. So that's great. revenue of 3.57 billion. So you are trading at a pretty high multiple on sales. P ratio is very high. We'll see how they're growing. Analysts think it's priced too high. When I look at Robin Hood and look at their growth, it's just fantastic. 59% growth and they continue to bring in new products that is going to keep that growth rate really high. Their free cash flow generation is really tremendous. 4.5 billion in the trailing 12 months. And you think about the platform they're operating doesn't take a lot of capital. It just takes a lot of innovation. And once they build the platform, it's a lot like the Visa business. Investors trade on their platform and Robin Hood makes a lot of money. Just very, very good business. So, I like that about them. Profitability, profit margins of 50%. Just really wild, wildly attractive numbers. And so long as they keep growing, those numbers would just continue to get better. When we look at what analysts are saying about the company, we've got 20 analysts covering Robin Hood. They can't keep up with the price targets. I guess the most optimistic analyst believes that it has a little bit of upside. We do have some analysts that are pumping the brakes and saying, "Hey, this stock's actually worth $47 a share." Understood. It has risen really, really fast. As we look at their forecast, they're going to keep growing, but really slow down. And it could be interesting to see if they can keep the growth going. I think they can. Uh but we'll see. We'll have to proceed forward and see what happens. The earnings per share looks good, growing nicely. This PE is becoming a little uncomfortable. Keeping that really high PE ratio is um likely that we will see a pretty strong sell-off in Robin Hood in the future. I've modeled Robin Hood in my valuation model and trying to see what I think the stock is worth based on free future free cash flows and earnings per share. and I've come up with um I think each share of Robin Hood's worth $229 per share and the market's selling shares at 136. So there's about a 40% discount and that's really based on those cash flows. This is a very very good business that drives cash and that's that's great. They don't have expensive offices. It's they they didn't get created as a business back in the day when you had to have offices in every neighborhood to attract customers and so forth. Robin Hood is completely digital. They're attracting customers based on their digital uh brand, based on their reputation online. They're just completely born online in a digital fashion. That's a huge advantage and very very profitable and it drives a lot of cash. So, I still think Robin Hood's discounted. I'm not buying shares because I already own too much, but I wanted to share my valuation on the stock. Robin Hood's had a terrific 52- week run up 483%. And it's likely that Robin Hood's going to see a pretty good selloff. The party's not going to go on forever. And I don't know if it's going to sell off by 10, 20, 30, 50%, but I will not be selling my shares of Robin Hood. The only thing that would cause me to sell my shares is if they really start to fumble their strategy. But if they continue on this really uh tip of the spear strategy of creating things that are very fresh, new, unique, and help them stand apart from the traditional brokerage, they're going to do great. So, my shares are going to stay in my portfolio for a long time. And I want them to keep taking risks. I want them to keep growing. I want them to keep doing these innovative things. The latest thing they've done, which is the whole predictive markets, I've been talking about that for three, four months, how they were building that business, and now they've landed the plane. They are getting a lot of customers to take those contracts. They're doing it through a contract mechanism. It's going really great. So there's Robin Hood again, showing up and getting a new business launched, having a new business work, and their customers are really excited about it. So that's my video on Robin Hood. I hope you found it interesting. Good luck with your investments. Thank you for watching the video. I hope you found it interesting. Would you like more access to content like this? Consider being a paid member. You get more realtime access to videos when they're published. You also get access to a discord and many other value ad benefits for investors like access to the tools that I use when I analyze stocks. Take a look at the four levels that are available on the homepage of my YouTube channel. Thank you.
