---
ticker: HOOD
type: youtube
title: "Is Robinhood a Buy After This Earnings Report? | $HOOD"
channel: "Asymmetric Investing by Travis Hoium"
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OoFkFib2uo8
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 8907
---

# Is Robinhood a Buy After This Earnings Report? | $HOOD

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Asymmetric Investing by Travis Hoium
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OoFkFib2uo8

## 转录全文

Shares of Robin Hood were already in about a 44% draw down before earnings were reported for the fourth quarter 2025 and the stock dropped another 7.8% in after hours trading today. So what's the reason for that? The big thing today is that cryptocurrencies are not generating nearly as much revenue as they once were. You can see here that a lot of the growth over the past year has been driven by growth in cryptocurrencies in Q4 2024. That remember that's when cryptocurrencies went crazy after the election. $358 million worth of revenue. That dropped to just $221 million in the fourth quarter of 2025. That was not offset by prediction mark markets, which is going to show up in this dark gray column, $147 million worth of revenue. That's a lot of revenue, and the company is growing transaction revenue, which is what this chart is showing here. But it's not the kind of growth rate that investors had already priced into the stock. And this is the challenge for a company like Robin Hood. When you're priced like a high growth company, if you're not growing your revenue up to investors expectations, then the reaction can be swift. This doesn't mean that Robin Hood is being disrupted. It doesn't mean that it's a worse company today than it was yesterday. But the valuation of the stock can change very quickly. Let's dig into it. My name is Travis Holm. Thanks for watching Asymmetric Investing. Please subscribe here on YouTube for all my content and thanks to this video sponsor, The Mly Fool. If you go to fool.com/asym, they'll give you their top 10 stocks to buy right now. Let's start with this chart that shows the revenue trend by quarter for Robin Hood. And the big takeaway here is that you've had really, really high growth over the past four quarters. This is the first quarter, Q4 2025, where the comps get a little bit harder. So last quarter, Q3 2024, you went from $637 million worth of revenue to $1.274 billion worth of revenue. 100% revenue growth rate. That growth rate is slowing significantly now this quarter because Q4 2024 was actually a pretty good quarter driven by that cryptocurrency revenue that I highlighted earlier. The crypto revenue is going to fall into this transactionbased revenue right here. The light green transactions are kind of the old bread and butter for Robin Hood. This is going to be everything. This is going to primarily be payment for order flow that they're getting for equity transactions, options transactions. And like I said in those prediction markets that I mentioned earlier, the other high growth market is going to be what they call net interest revenue is going to be from things like cash sweeps, margin accounts. So it's another piece of the operating business, but it's not the transaction side of the business that you typically think of with Robin Hood. So overall, those two major segments continue to grow, but they're not growing quite at the rate that they were over the past few quarters. That's one of the things that investors are looking at. But I think when you dig into the numbers a little bit more, there's a few reasons to be concerned about Robin Hood. And I say this as a shareholder in the company. I love the direction that the product is going. I like the disruption that they're bringing to the market, the gold subscription, which I'll talk about in just a second. But what you're not seeing is a lot of growth in the number of users on the platform. Funded customers increased just 200,000 to 2 to 27 million in the fourth quarter of 2025. Year-over-year. That's a change of 1.8 million. That's a lot of people, but that's not a very high growth rate when you're at a when when you're a company that has this kind of scale. Assets on the platform also dropping. Part of the reason for that is you're seeing a drop in cryptocurrency assets. That's going to be this light green 51 billion to 40 billion. So, you are seeing increases in equities. I think long-term you want to see this equity number continue to go up. Options is going to be pretty volatile and so is cryptocurrencies. So, you want to ride the growth in equities long term. That's one of the things that Robin Robin Hood is doing really well. But that growth but that growth rate is actually negative quarter over-arter. Now, one thing I do want to highlight is that they do have more assets per user. And this is going to be a good thing for Robin Hood longterm. They're actually moving kind of up market instead of the average amount of assets that you have in a typical Robin Hood account being several thousand. 27 million users, $324 million billion worth of assets. That's going to be a little over $10,000 per average account. We're also seeing strong growth in retirement accounts. This is something I actually use Robin Hood for. And these retirement accounts were basically non-existent a couple of years ago. 490,000 accounts at the end of 2023. That's now up to 1.8 million accounts. And the assets under custody now up to $26.5 billion. And here's another look at that average account size going up over time. Now $14,700 in the average Robin Hood retirement account. The other thing I always keep an eye on is what is the number of gold subscribers that they have. What I think you want to see with Robin Hood is the number of gold subscribers increasing because that's going to increase the number of products that each of those customers is using. If you're paying for gold, it's likely that you're not only going to have a brokerage account, you're probably going to have a credit card, something that I have as well. 3% cash back for that. So, a ton of great benefits for being a gold member. And then also, they're also moving into banking. So, getting into more banking services as well. That's going to be another thing that's going to increase net interest and also feebased revenue for Robin Hood. So in expanding the product lineup is going to be one of the ways that they're going to be able to grow in 2026. And this steady growth of Robin Hood subscribers 6.1% adoption rate for customers 2 years ago in the most recent quarter 15 1.5% take rate for that product. I think that growth is exactly what you want to see for Robin Hood long term. So there's going to be volatility in some of the numbers quarter to quarter, but this growth in gold and the depth that you get in that relationship with customers, that's where you're ultimately going to drive the most value long term. And one of the other things that worries me with Robin Hood is they do have a lot of traders that are using things like margin, $196 million worth of margin interest, and also this options revenue, $314 million worth of options revenue. That's going to be great for Robin Hood because they generate high fees from both of those segments right there. But that's a lot of risk for investors to have. So that's why they've gone through these boom and bust cycles in the past. And that's my concern as an investor is revenue growth is still pretty high today. 27% revenue growth this quarter. But that could go negative in the future if we do have a down market and people are trading fewer options. They're doing it less with margin. They just simply have less money because they lose out on these leverage bets that they're taking. Thanks to our friends at the Molly for sponsoring this video. Visit fool.comasym for the top 10 stocks to buy right now. So look, the results were pretty good for Robin Hood, but I don't think that all of the core is growing in the way that I want. In particular, I want to see the user growth. They do have really good operating leverage on the business, and that's one thing that is really great and indicates the strong potential for earnings momentum in the future if they are able to get to more organic growth. Net income for the quarter, $65 million at 66 cents per share over the past year. $25 in earnings per share. So with the stock trading at about $80, it's a price earnings multiple of 40. That's pretty high. But for a company that could potentially be growing in excess of 20 or 30% long term and compounding that year after year, that's not the craziest price to pay. I wouldn't be surprised if there's a bit more of a negative reaction from the market because this was one of those really high highly valued stocks at the end of 2025. It looks like that growth rate at least is going to be coming down a little bit. I want to see a little bit better execution on that organic growth for Robin Hood. So, we'll see how that plays out in 2026, but hopefully that was helpful in understanding at least early on what the results are telling us and where there's some flaws in the results that the market is clearly reacting to. Let me know what you thought in the comment section below. Don't forget to subscribe to Asymmetric Investing. Thanks for watching everybody. See you here next time.
