---
ticker: HOOD
type: youtube
title: "Robinhood | HOOD Stock Analysis with Elliott Wave + Trade Setup"
channel: "The Trade Setup"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2EwM3j27CA
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 11695
---

# Robinhood | HOOD Stock Analysis with Elliott Wave + Trade Setup

## 视频信息
- **频道**: The Trade Setup
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2EwM3j27CA

## 转录全文

Hello and welcome to the trade setup. In this video, we are looking at Robin Hood markets. It is time for another update. And finally, we see some developments occur on this chart. And we could have done some updates since the previous video, but it wouldn't have been too consequential as nothing happening within these latest developments would have really suggested that our primary expectation of extending to lower prices was under a threat. Right? We had some levels of resistance where if we broke them, sure, we would have had some additional data where a breakout would have been much more likely. We didn't even generate an initial 5 move to the upside, which would have allowed a potential trade setup and a confirmation that we wouldn't be looking for extensions to lower prices. We really had only formed a three-wave correction, which is exactly what we would have expected to see. And we seem to have extended lower. So now we have some new data to track. We have some updated levels to provide. And here we are. And on this chart, we have been tracking this area of a leading diagonal. Meaning, we are looking to build a fivewave move to the upside. But within each of these subwaves, we only expect to build a three-wave pattern. Right? This means within the wave 1, we would track here an ABC structure. We have an ABC structure within this wave two. And now we have something like an ABC structure within the wave three. We expect an ABC within the wave four. and the wave five to complete this overall movement to the upside. Other interpretations are technically possible. We could be looking for them, but this one actually provides us the deepest levels of support we could be tracking while still looking to build this as a fivewave pattern. And I don't really trust the idea of an impulse in this structure. We could perhaps make it work, but I do not find it too reliable. And if you want to be a part of this journey as we continue to track these developments, this idea of an extension in the wave four and the wave five, I would encourage you to subscribe as we will be here to provide any upcoming opportunities. But do expect that on this chart there is a good chance we will not get the most clear and likely setup. Right? It is a diagonal structure. It doesn't always provide the most reliable opportunities. So just keep that in mind. Now on this chart we were actively tracking the idea of an impulse where we could have been looking even for quite substantial extensions in this white interpretation but we did highlight it to be a not so likely outcome. Well now we have even broken the area of support and not only that we have actually pushed into the wave 1 territory for this interpretation which actually invalidates this structure. It was already a very fragile structure as within the wave three we didn't get to the ideal target. Yeah, we barely exceeded the 100% extension far far from the 138 202% extension of the wave 1. And now we have the break below the area of support. It could technically work out within an extension of this wave three in yellow to have something like a wave C in this structure. But once again, we haven't even reached the ideal target within this wave three. It is a very weak scenario, a very weak structure. So we are not going to focus on this interpretation really. Now technically as I was saying there are other options that could allow some extensions but based on the structure we have within this area. I personally find them unlikely to have that be the outcome. So we have been focusing on this area of support in yellow that extends down to $24 where from this support zone we expect to form the reversal into a wave five to new alltime highs. However, for this we first need to identify a wave four correction complete which as I was saying primarily we would expect to build an ABC structure. Right? We have here a potential wave A, a wave B up here, and a wave C that could actually form a bottom relatively soon. Now, this is our primary scenario. We do not absolutely need to follow it through. There are always other options. The market sentiment can shift sometimes, even within diagonal structures, within the corrections. Yeah, something like this wave 4, we do not get the entire wave C. Sometimes we get stuck tracking a wxy pattern in which case a bottom could form sooner. But even then I would like to see some indications some structures that would suggest the bottom is in place. Some levels of resistance broken. For example, if we break the area of resistance for a wave four, I wouldn't really be able to reliably track such an extension even though I could be tracking other scenarios. So primarily this will be our focus this idea of an ABC structure where within this wave C I would have liked to actually see this to be a wave four and extend directly in a wave five to lower prices but I actually believe we are looking at an extension of the wave three currently. I wouldn't expect this to form a bottom once this wave to the downside is complete. The structure does actually look like it prefers another low in this movement to the downside. I would consider this wave three to be an impulse and I would have something like a one 2 3 4 and five. I could consider even an additional low within this wave three. But we can momentarily at the very least focus on this idea. I did want to provide you the area of resistance for the entire wave three in case it was necessary. But this would have been a slightly preferred interpretation for me where yeah, currently we would like to see this wave three only form a bottom potentially within this latest development to the downside and only after we either get the area of resistance for the larger wave for broken or we complete the entire structure will we have the possibility to consider this count to actually be full. Now since we have extended lower, I would need to also adjust this larger area of resistance. Breaking the 50% retracement for such a structure would be our indication that a bottom would possibly be in place for this entire wave. Yeah, possibly within the entire wave 4. But we will need to cover a corner case in such an interpretation and we will do that in a moment. But firstly we will be going through this movement itself. Now for the idea of having a wave three bottom in place which technically would be a possibility and looking for the wave four. The last level of resistance would be at $89. We would like to see this level broken for an indication that the wave four and the wave 5 would not be happening anymore. But currently I would be actually focusing on an even smaller time frame. I would prefer that this structure actually extends within one more low. So I am considering this to be the wave five of the large wave three. And for the count of this structure I would consider that we have three waves in place. Right? We are overall tracking an impulse. So we are looking for a fivewave pattern. But I would consider this to be an ending diagonal. And in this case we are only tracking once again an ABC pattern within each of these subwaves. I wouldn't overthink the exact structure. We could allow the wave 1 to have bottom here to have this as a wave two top and this would be our wave three bottom. Now we would expect a wave four and the wave five to have a clearly complete structure in this pattern. And under this assumption we need to allow the wave four to retrace as high as the 61.8% retracement for this entire extension to lower prices up to $73.6 under the assumption that the wave two had topped here and the wave 1 had bottom here. It's not absolutely necessary. We would notice that so far we have pushed into the 50% retracement, right? This seems to have been done within what likely seems to be a three-wave pattern. Nothing strongly suggesting extensions to even higher prices. But at the same time, we have also seen a pretty nice reaction since this larger correction has taken place. It might see very easily an extension. We need to be open to this idea and it has room for this pattern with no issues. If we manage to break above this level of resistance, I would need to consider that this wave three might have had a bottom in place and that the larger wave 4 would be currently forming where again we can go as high as $89 before looking for a more substantial breakout. And for now, we won't focus too much on the smaller time frame. We are waiting for these developments to occur and I will showcase what we can expect if we get a break even above the 50% retracement as I was saying. Yeah, we have a corner case we need to account for because breaking above this level of resistance doesn't automatically mean this wave to the downside is complete as I can actually track this to be a leading diagonal as well. We have this orange interpretation which we actually brought up in the previous video where we have been tracking this to be a wave three to the downside instead. This is still a possibility. We can still track this structure and as long as we do not form the wave four and the wave five in yellow, as long as we do not get a fivewave pattern in this movement to the downside, we need to be prepared that we might see this as a larger fivewave pattern. Now, if we get the wave four and five in yellow, I can no longer track this orange interpretation because this orange scenario has to be within a diagonal structure. Sure, we could be tracking resistance levels even if we build the wave four and wave 5, but not within the orange interpretation. And since we extended to lower prices once more, even within the orange scenario, we need to adjust the area of resistance, which goes as high as $13.4. Now, you may be wondering, why do we need to track this scenario? Well, we don't actually need to, but this allows us to look for a level of resistance where we know if we get a sustained break above this level, we would have a clear indication that this wave to the downside would likely be complete, that we would likely not be getting any extensions directly within this as a wave to the downside. Doesn't mean we cannot get a larger correction. Yeah, a larger A B C structure. But it means that very very likely this structure itself, this wave would be complete. And this is about what we need to focus on on this chart. Right? We have the smaller time frame. As long as we can continue to track this idea of a wave five to lower prices, we can expect this wave three to go on. Yeah. As long as we do not break the $73.6 level. And then if we do that, we are left with the larger structure once again. But on this chart, I do not have currently any clear indication that a bottom would be in place. I would still be preferring to extend to lower prices. I find that to be the much more likely outcome. And sure, I am open to being proven wrong, but as it stands right now, the structure isn't suggesting that a bottom would be in place. Right? This is the key aspect of what we are tracking. These are the levels. This is the trade setup. I hope you enjoyed the video. And if you did, don't forget to leave a like, subscribe, and if you enjoy our content and want to support us directly, check out our channel membership. And as a thank you for any of these actions, I would like to invite you to sign up to our channel newsletter where you get access to our monthly topics where we identify for you high quality structures. Other than that, let me know what else you'd like me to cover, and I'll do my best to do that in the days and weeks ahead. And until then, I hope you have a nice day, and I hope to see you in the next video. My body.
