---
ticker: HOOD
type: youtube
title: "Robinhood's stock fell on earnings, but this analyst is still bullish"
channel: "Yahoo Finance"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZqIXryNrfw
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 8489
---

# Robinhood's stock fell on earnings, but this analyst is still bullish

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Yahoo Finance
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZqIXryNrfw

## 转录全文

Robin Hood fourth quarter earnings, they are just not crossing the wire. Let's get you those numbers. I see uh Q4 EPS of 66 cents. I don't see a comp for that yet. Q4 net revenue though, let's look at the top line. 1.28 billion. The street was closer to 1.35 billion. Uh transactionbased revenue looks like it also comes in a bit light versus consensus. 776 million. Analysts had been expecting more like 791.6 6 million. I'm just looking for crypto revenue. There it is. Q4 crypto revenue 221 million. Uh consensus was closer to 248.2 million. Options revenue 314 million in the quarter. The estimate was 331.2 million. 2026 adjusted operating expenses. The forecast for operating expenses in SBC is 2.6 6 to 2.73 billion. At least initially here you can see the stock we're down a quick 8%. Now remember heading into this sprint the stock had been interesting. You were still up about 50% over the past 12 months but you were down heading into this sprint about 40% from the all-time high last October. You got some big questions front and center for investors. The impact of this crypto winner we've been talking about. What does that mean for Robin Hood and its financials in the quarters ahead? What is that going to mean for trading volumes? What's going to mean for Ibida? Questions around that options trading business. Uh that remember is the company's largest business. So there'll be lots of questions about what are the catalysts still ahead there. Uh so we are down here about 9% now in the after hours. Analysts though, it's worth mentioning still very bullish on this name. More than 80% of analysts still do tell their clients Robin Hood is a buy. Robin Hood shares sliding here as fourth quarter revenue missed expectations. Joining me now is Christian Bolu, senior analyst at Autonomous Research. Christian, it's good to see you. So, Robin Hood reports we're down right now nearly 8% in the after hours. Christian, what what do you make of the print? Your first thoughts. &gt;&gt; Yeah, afternoon and evening. Thanks. Good to good to see you. Um I would say look an expensive stock and you know a topline miss is is not helpful at all. Um also there was some deceleration in some key metrics. Um things like the net deposit growth uh decelerated in in in the fourth quarter and looks to have continued to decelerate in in in January. So I I do think um the reaction uh might be warranted here just given high expectations and um I would say obviously a very expensive stock. That being said, the commentary from the management team is pretty constructive in terms of um the the p the pipeline for 2026 in terms of uh new business growth and actually transaction volumes have been very strong um in January as well. So the outlook here is actually pretty decent. &gt;&gt; Let me ask Chris, you know, heading into this print, the stock was already, you know, it was off about 40% from that all-time high in October. And a big question, you know, this of course for qu for for investors right now is they're trying to gauge how this company is going to navigate, Christian, this crypto winner, right? This route in Bitcoin. You know this company backwards and forwards. As an analyst, how do you think about that? What what is it going to mean Christian for Robin Hood's trading volumes for IBIDA? How do you model it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, uh crypto has fallen as a percent of revenues. Um it's it's come down from north of 20 and over time we think it would be near a 10% of the business. Um if you run through what a crypto winter would look like. So if you look at uh where trading volumes trough in in 2022 2023 it would imply something like a 50% haircuts to current trading volumes. Uh if you run that through the P&amp;L it's only about a 10% hit to to Robin Hood. So Robin Hood's IBIDA. So um you know not not great um um but um but completely manageable. In fact, over time, we think we think things like event event contracts and prediction markets will be a bigger part of the business um and that than crypto and obviously the actual biggest business which is options trading continues to do extremely well with um really strong volumes or record volumes um to start 2026. Christian, would you would you argue that Robin Hood are they in any way better positioned during this Bitcoin draw down than prior drawdowns because they've diversified the product lineup or or the regulatory backdrop? I'm curious to get your thoughts there. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's definitely a different winter. Uh I would say we are surprised about how severe crypto prices have come given we should have a more constructive backdrop for crypto and um so it's been somewhat surprising but from a business from Robin Hood's business perspective they are they're definitely better set up. This is a much more mature company a much more diversified company. Um you know not just in terms of its the types of transaction businesses it has but also just the types of businesses it has. it has um a net interest income is a much bigger part of the revenue stream. They have things like retirement launching a banking product with credit cards. So this is much more of a money app um that is in many many businesses and way more diversified than in prior periods and just from a business perspective better managed more discipline on expenses very profitable company. So all these things set up the company very well for say a crypto winter. What about options trading Christian? Because as you know, listen, biggest biggest business for the company. I think it's something like uh 25% Christian of revenue. What are the catalysts you see ahead for that business? &gt;&gt; Oh, we like the businesses of very a lot here. So options um for the most part have been options penetration i.e. just how many howers have been used relative to the underlying equity market has been growing for the last 30 years and has only accelerated in recent in recent times partly because of firms like Robin Hood that have made it easier to use and understand and increased accessibility also products like zero dated options that give you much more precision around um risk management have also driven um significant adoption of options. So we did some analysis on this and we think um you could see something like 40% incremental growth in the options business because of increment because of all the penetration we're seeing the new products and a normalization of what we call options penetration. So you know pretty constructive on options and I said that's the biggest business. It's less cyclical believe it or not because people can trade options in up and down markets. It can be used to generate yield. It's a very flexible product. Um, and Robin Hood offers basically the best value. They charge the least relative to uh the um the bigger players out there. So, there's a value prop using the platform. There's a great UI and the underlying market is growing very fast. So, I think a really good business for Robin Hood long term. &gt;&gt; You mentioned Christian the company's moving to prediction markets. Uh, how confident are you about the growth story there long term Christian? especially, you know, listen, they they certainly have plenty of competition, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's a it's a good point. So, um there's a lot of competition. Um the good thing about Robin Hood is their value prop from a business perspective is the distribution. There's not many folks that can distribute or have the distribution that they do. So, there could be a lot of competition around the products. Calshi, Poly Market, the exchanges, everybody can launch their own product, but they all still need the pipes to distribute that through. And that's where Robin Hood really stands out. It's not just that they have the numbers, they have the type of customers that really um that really where where prediction markets really appeal to and you see it in the numbers. So, um despite the increasing competition, I actually see Robin Hood coming out um as a winner here. And if anything, they can actually monetize better over time as they build their own uh platform. Right? They just announced a partnership with Saskuana that gives them much more control of the economics, gives them much more ability to u be faster around product innovation and like British markets are tiny relative to um you know broader futures markets, broader um options markets. So their pathway for growth here is pretty significant.
