---
ticker: HOOD
type: youtube
title: "7 Reasons Robinhood Stock ($HOOD) Could SKYROCKET! | Chris Camillo"
channel: "The Iced Coffee Hour Clips"
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2LsCTah2KkY
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 10925
---

# 7 Reasons Robinhood Stock ($HOOD) Could SKYROCKET! | Chris Camillo

## 视频信息
- **频道**: The Iced Coffee Hour Clips
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2LsCTah2KkY

## 转录全文

I got to say when we met Vlad from Robin Hood completely changed my opinion of the company. Like I was a fan of Robin Hood and I had been for a long time but meeting Vlad and seeing him face to face and seeing his excitement about the company and how passionate he is. &gt;&gt; He was open to ideas which I thought is the most important thing. You need to be able to pivot and hear out other people and listen to the right ideas and ignore the bad ones. And we were like Graham was feeding him some excellent ideas and he was like totally interested. and he's like, "Yeah, like we're we kind of working towards that." And &gt;&gt; yeah, but it made me really think that Robin Hood, I think, has what it takes to compete with the big people like Schwab, which I think a lot of people tend to compare them to in terms of account balance size and number of accounts and average account, you know, things like this. Seeing Vlad and even going to Hood Summit in Las Vegas, we got invited. Incredible. And you meet the people there that like you know you see Tesla super fans where they're like all Elon I I met those people but for Robin Hood like a totally different segment of the market where people are so excited about Vlad and Robin Hood and I think he's one of the few people where after meeting him I was convinced on the company and we've met other people uh big investors where immediately after meeting them like all right listen I I lost all faith. I will say Michael Sailor was pretty convincing too. &gt;&gt; Yes, Michael Sailor was the only other one that when Bitcoin was uh 48 $50,000 when we filmed with him afterwards I'm like, you know what, Jack, what he says makes a lot of sense. &gt;&gt; No comment on Michael Sailor, but I will say this uh that was the best interview Blood has ever done. I I I watch that and he's come a long way. He used to be terrible at giving interviews. &gt;&gt; Oh, he was excellent. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I that that was great. Listen, the the Robin Hood's my number one position. It became my number one position this last year. It grew into becoming my number one position, Eclipse Amazon. And my thesis has always been really simple. We have a hundredish trillion dollars that will get transferred over the next 30 35 years uh to the younger generation through inheritance and other means. And that a big chunk of that money is going to Robin Hood. And and beyond that I have a second thesis on Robin Hood which is uh Vlad manages that company like a startup. There are very few companies in the world of that size where the founder CEO is quite honestly has the balls to to to still manage it like a startup and to take big risk and to break through walls and to ask for forgiveness as opposed to asking for permission. And Elon is one of those guys. He gets credit for being one of those guys. Velad does not get credit for also being one of those guys. So, anytime I see a company like that with the capability of dominating a sector and literally like like like killing a sector and stealing all the business, you match that with a CEO like that, like it's game over. &gt;&gt; Here's the other thing is that he agreed to come on our podcast, which a lot of people don't do. And I think I think it's dumb not to come on a podcast, especially like a finance podcast. And we we reach out to a lot of people and we either get a lot of nos or just never hear back from people that should be doing podcasts. And we would I think we'd be doing him a favor by doing a podcast. And Vlad was excited about doing it. And walking into his office, it's it's not like a corporate, you know, headquart looked like a house. &gt;&gt; It also was surprisingly not extravagant. &gt;&gt; No. I was expecting we were going to walk into some sort of like crazy huge headquarters, the classic Google thing with the slides and, you know, free food everywhere, buffets and this and that. It really looked like they were running relatively lean for how productive their company is, which I also think is a a positive indicator. &gt;&gt; And this is going to be another big one, their 2.5% crypto match right now. They just brought it back. I don't know if it's if it's targeted, uh, but they had a 2% match when Bitcoin was at 120. Then they increased it, which I thought was really clever, to 2 and a.5%, but Bitcoin is now $100,000. So technically, it's not costing them that much more, but it looks on paper that you're getting 2.5% on a lower amount though. But it looks like 2 and a.5% for whatever you bring into the platform. They're going to bring in a lot of money to Robin Hood. The thing that Vlad and Robin Hood does is they play the long game. They are playing the long game. They are in this for the next 20 to 30 years to be the biggest financial company on earth. I have absolute confidence that they will be unless something really crazy happens. Um, listen, I opened up a Robin Hood account. Uh, well, I've had an account for a long time, but I I put meaningful money into my Robin Hood account for the first time this year, which was shocking cuz like I'm just that's not something I ever thought I would do. Um, I'm old school, but it was because of the match. &gt;&gt; Um, it it was it was the extra little thing that said, you know what, I'm going to go ahead and do this because it was that extra incentive that got me to pull the trigger. And listen, once you're in that ecosystem, they do a really good job. Uh I I by the way, I love I mean the fact that you can, you know, prediction markets on your brokerage. &gt;&gt; Oh man, don't get me startled on that. &gt;&gt; It it it it's it's huge though because you got to realize it's not about even how big of a market that can be. Um it's about the fact that you can do everything through one app, right? That prediction market is great and it's awful because now every sports game I watch or go to. I'm I don't want to say I'm betting I am placing a hedged position on Robin Hood in real time position. &gt;&gt; That's what they they want. It's not it's not gambling. How are you? &gt;&gt; It's like you're hedging a position. It's definitely gambling. &gt;&gt; That is by That is not a hedge. &gt;&gt; It's speculation. There we go. I'm speculating on Robin Hood. But what's funny is that I could watch like I went to a hockey game the other day and I'm watching the hockey game at the same time as I'm watching my Robin Hood account because I bet on the Las Vegas Golden Knights and when one team scores like you see the odds change within like two seconds it's already priced in. &gt;&gt; How much did you bet? &gt;&gt; Uh $100 and I lost it all. &gt;&gt; But you had fun. I had a great time. And I also bet on the uh Oh, this was bad. I put money on Quomo in New York because I thought it would be a closer race and he was priced when I bought in at like 7. And I knew he was probably going to lose, but I thought there's I thought that was underpriced. I thought it should be more of like he should be a 15 to 20 cent bet. And that lost. I just held the mature bet. that that was that's a fair thesis that you know that's my favorite type of investing is when you see an asymmetric riskreward. Um investors like the way our brains work, we're not really capable of computing that and those opportunities are out there all the time. It's like okay, yeah, it probably won't happen, but there's likely a 2x better chance of it happening than how it's priced currently. So, you have to take that even if you're likely to lose. You have to you have to size it appropriately, but you do it enough and you will win. &gt;&gt; But here's the one thing that I think is worth looking out for with Robin Hood is that their fees on the prediction markets are so massive. It almost makes it not worth it to go through Robin Hood, but the thing is it's it's so easy. Like it saves me from having to drive down to Red Rock and place a bet when I could just do it on my phone in like two seconds. But the spread between the bid and the ask and the the Robin Hood fee you pay adds up to like 10 to 15% a buy and then 10 to 15% a sell if you sell it before it matures. &gt;&gt; Okay. So they're I think they're looking at the long tail of customers who want to engage in that type of prediction market as opposed to the professional gambler right that really cares that much. For people like me, I don't care. Like if I want to bet on a game, I I don't care if I can get a 5% better margin going to MGM, which I can't even do in Texas anyway, right? But even if I could, like I said, it's just easy and they make it easy and fun. I can go on there and place a bet like 5x quicker than I could on a gambling app. It's just easier. Um, and I think a lot of people don't want to have a gambling app. They don't want to have money inside of a gambling app. That's just not part of who they are. And I think Robin Hood is going to end up with millions and millions of people casually betting on sports, casually betting on various things. And that I think that's fine for them. &gt;&gt; Do you know, this might be too nuanced of a question, how it's going to be taxed because they recently passed that law that says you could only write off 90% of your gambling losses. &gt;&gt; I don't know if this is going to be counted as gambling. And if it is, &gt;&gt; okay, it's going to be a hedged &gt;&gt; a hedged investment. &gt;&gt; I don't think it will be. Real talk for a second. If you're trying to grow on social media, short form content is literally digital gold. It has been one of the biggest drivers of success for the Ice Coffee Hour. We just take our best moments from the podcast and we can clip them up for Tik Tok, Instagram, YouTube, you name it. But let's be honest, it takes a lot of time to do that properly. And that's why tools like our sponsor, Opus Clip, are a total gamecher. For those unaware, Opus Clip isn't just a clipping tool anymore. It's a full-on AI powered video editor built for creators. so incredible that it could automatically pull in your long- form YouTube videos, find the best moments, add captions, B-roll, and even schedule clips to post while you're away. It's like having an entire editing team, but built by AI. Top creators like Jubilee and Darmman are already using it, and we actually use it here on the ice coffee hour. You see this clip Togei reacted to, it was made with OpusClip. And here's the best part. Everyone who signs up with our link gets one week for free plus 50% off your first 3 months. All you have to do is go to opus.pro pro/iced coffee hour or click the link down below in the description. Again, that is opus.pro/icedcop hour. Seriously guys, we cannot recommend it more for what they deliver. It is extremely affordable. So, if you want to get a bunch of content super fast built by AI, I highly recommend OpusClip. Thank you so much to OpusClip for sponsoring this episode.
