---
ticker: HOOD
type: youtube
title: "Robinhood CEO Vlad Tenev Is Building A Financial Super App | Basis Points Episode 3"
channel: "Basis Points "
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArXE97SUY1Q
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 66717
---

# Robinhood CEO Vlad Tenev Is Building A Financial Super App | Basis Points Episode 3

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Basis Points 
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArXE97SUY1Q

## 转录全文

All right, hello everybody to episode number three of basis points. We are very very honored to have the CEO and co-founder of Robin Hood with us here today, Mr. Vlad Tennant. Vlad, thank you for being here. &gt;&gt; Always a pleasure. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you. &gt;&gt; Hello Vlad. &gt;&gt; What a welcome. &gt;&gt; So, this is pretty cool because two years ago, uh March of 2024 is when you and I did our first podcast. And the interesting thing about that podcast is that basically for a couple of years you kind of stayed out of the public eye and that podcast was kind of like your first reinitiation to social media and saying hey I'm here I'm a CEO of a company and for me everyone was like who the hell is this kid interviewing the CEO of Robin Hood like how is this happening? Past two years have been absolutely crazy. Uh the company has innovated in so many different levels and it quite frankly to just be honest you have become a rock star of a CEO. What has the past two years been like for you? It's been a lot of work. Like it's just uh you think you maybe would think it would get easier, but you're always trying to at least I'm always trying to put together new things, which means the events that we do like uh take flight last night. Uh we spend more time just working out every detail of them, making them better and better. Of course that means uh and then then we also have more events which means that uh we have to ship more products and then we have to have a the real product is is really the factory the business that makes these products. So you have to you have to refine that. So it's been uh it's been challenging. I don't get much sleep still. And if anything, the sort of like objectively better that we've done as a company, the more work goes into actually trying to like improve that and and and and go even further. So, uh it's not easy. I don't know if it looks easy but I think I think it's just a lot of work not just from me but from thousands of people at the company that you know it's like a orchestra that comes together. So it's pretty amazing. &gt;&gt; So you mentioned the past two years have been really really hard. It's been a fun journey but it's also been you know one of those things where what's the next thing? What's the next product? What's the next roll out? What's the next event? You had your first real public event two years ago March of 2024. I think it's like seven, eight events later. Um, what what has that been like mentally? Because, you know, now you have the eyeballs on you. People care. Traditional media and new social media is engaged in like the story of Robin Hood. They want to re understand what the company is as the company's transforming into a more mature company. They want to understand who actually is the founder and CEO and like what is he really trying to build here? And then you have investors that are like, you know, how big can the company become? So I mean on a day-by-day basis, how are you navigating all different types of stakeholders and actually executing for all them which you've you know been able to do over the past two years? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean I think that the one uh fundamental challenge we have with the the vision of becoming a financial super app is we we sort of have multiple groups of customers that we build products for, &gt;&gt; right? And some of them might appear very opposed, right? So you have the active traders and for the active traders we build, you know, we improve our options trading products where actually if you if you looked at uh the latest 606 filings, I think this is the first time that we've been number one uh overall in options trading &gt;&gt; taken market share &gt;&gt; which is amazing, right? And and our competitors &gt;&gt; got to where they are by acquisition. you know, Schwab gobbled up TDMIR trade which gave them a big options business. So, you know, it's gotten harder for us, not easier over time with all these with with the industry consolidation. But we have our active trading business where you have prediction markets, options, futures. Um, we have like margin where we we compete aggressively on offering the best margin rates for margin traders. Um, and then we have the very different sort of some would call them more boring products, but very important products which are all about long-term wealth accumulation. And that's our retirement business. We've got the card which most would consider the the card uh a typical boring product although you know we try to make it very exciting. We've got custodial accounts, trusts coming, uh, our advisory services, both digital advisor, Robin Hood strategies, and trade PMR. And, you know, there there's a lot of, um, I think our competitors sort of like attack us on this vector because they they they look at the active trading stuff and they're like, "Oh, you're just trying to, you know, convince these investors to be to be trading, &gt;&gt; right?" when the way we think about it is no, there's a competitive market in there that we want to win. People trade. Uh, a lot of these people also, it's not two different people. Some people have a trading account, they also have a retirement account, and we'd like to serve all of that business. &gt;&gt; And um, &gt;&gt; and it's also I think that's the most challenging kind of messaging challenge we have. &gt;&gt; Why do you think how do we do that? &gt;&gt; Why do you think they keep characterizing you guys as a degenerate trading app? Like why is that the incentive that they want to mask Robin Hood with? &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; because you guys are doing a lot more than options. &gt;&gt; Well, I I I I think it's difficult to paint with a broad brush everyone's intentions. Of course, some of it's probably our competitors that are, you know, our competitors have uh machinery to discredit what we're doing, right? Of course. Uh I I don't even mean it to sound nefarious, but like once you become a big company and incumbent, then you have PR teams and strategy teams and they're they're having meetings about how to deal with this like Robin Hood thing. &gt;&gt; And of course, one way to deal with it is just to compete by offering products. The other way is just to you know either while you're trying to do that and it can take them many many years to to actually launch products that uh are good enough to to to compete openly is is to try to like throw shade on on the products we roll out. So there's that element of it. Uh the other one is we're kind of the first place to combine all these things into one place. And the the canonical criticism is probably well you got prediction markets, you've got retirement. Should they be so close to to each other in the app? &gt;&gt; And I just think whenever you're the first to do something, some people look at it and they're like, is that does that make sense? Why hasn't it done before? Should should it should it be like that or should it be different? And there's a little bit of like the Overton window is shifting before it becomes normal. And as the first people doing these things, we sort of like take the brunt of the criticism. And I think that's part of the job. So not not all of it is nefarious just corporate attacks, but I think some of it is people are trying to figure out what they want, what they like. And when you put a new product in the market that does things, um, some people aren't going to like it, at least at first. and it's just different enough that there's a an adjustment period. &gt;&gt; So, take us back to the very beginning. Forget 2020 and when everything blew up and Robin Hood became huge company. I'm sure that there was a lot of people that told you you were crazy and that why would you try going up against Schwab, Fidelity, JP Morgan? You built basically a unicorn of a company. How did you get through the mindset of just trying to do what a lot of people probably thought was impossible? &gt;&gt; Well, our expectations were very low at the beginning. And I remember our first office was in &gt;&gt; in Manhattan in in our apartment in the East Village. And I remember one late night conversation. We really didn't know what we were doing. This was 2010 before even Robin Hood became an idea. We were working on algorithmic trading. My co-founder and I were talking about how, you know, maybe uh one day we would build a company that would be worth $und00 million. And I remember thinking how insane that was, right? Um and then fast forward a couple of years and we were raising our seed round for what would become Robin Hood. And uh there were a lot of people who were very skeptical. We had to talk to you 75 plus investors to raise our first million dollars. So one million and and we had to do that because FINRA needed to show needed to see from us that we had enough capital to survive for a year. They didn't want just a retail brokerage opening up without the capital to to support customers. Uh and we had worked it out that we could at least make the argument that $1 million would get us through. So we had to raise a million dollars. It was very, very hard. We had people that were very skeptical. The average person we talked to just immediately laughed us out of the room. But then we had some investors that were very passionate and they would even talk to other investors. They were like, "Okay, we could tell these guys really need money." And and one of these guys was like, "Yeah, I laid out the case. I had the the spreadsheet. He showed me the spreadsheet. Robin Hood could be a$2 billion company one day." And and remember this was uh we raised we ended up raising $3 million at a 10 million valuation cap. Wow. &gt;&gt; So at that point that just kind of blew my mind. So, I think the way I think about it was um I'm not really dwelling on like uh these massive outcomes or how big the company could be or even uh a goal like disrupting Schwab or or TDM air trade or all these companies. I I certainly wasn't thinking about it in the beginning. I was thinking about smaller things. Okay, what what's something that's achievable in a year or a month and and what's that next milestone? So in the beginning it was really just we had a vision for the product and the app and we thought it would be really really cool to build this simple thing and and put it out in the world and a lot of people didn't think it was possible. you know, not just raising the money was was one obstacle, but then the other one was are you actually going to bring something that charges zero dollars for trades to the market as a small company &gt;&gt; or because nobody's done that before or is there some other hurdle between, you know, get getting your funding, getting your license and doing that that's just going to be um, you know, impenetrable. So yeah, it was always just what what's the next thing? And then you do that a couple thousand times. It's like investment. It compounds, right? And then eventually you start talking about these big lofty goals. But yeah, we didn't really really set out thinking that we would be, you know, disrupting Schwab or or anything like that. &gt;&gt; So there's always going to be criticism with new products and you introduced several last night. take us through the process of actually mapping out where you want to go, how you want to get there, and how the development happens. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. So, I think at a high level, the way we think about it is we want to be your financial super app. And what that means is all of your money and all of your assets are best served at Robin Hood. And uh we should make it really, really easy to get money in. We should also make it really easy to get money out. And in fact, I think we're the best in the business at if someone actually wants to leave Robin Hood and go to another broker um for reasons that I maybe uh well, I know there there are some legitimate reasons, but um but not a lot of people want to do that. We've been net positive against all brokers for something like 12 quarters running. um we want to make that very very easy. But really anytime someone leaves Robin Hood and moves their assets somewhere else, we treat that as we're we're doing something wrong, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Like even if they're going to a bank account and they're spending that money now, we don't have an excuse to allow that uh and to be comfortable with it because we have our own banking products. We have our own spending products. So, we ask ourselves, well, why why can't they just use us? We have a bank account that has uh industry-leading APY on checking and savings. We deliver cash to your door. We have uh which by the way is live in New York. So, if you never want to go to an ATM, &gt;&gt; cash to your door. Yes. They they announced that last year and now it's like &gt;&gt; now it's like scaling. Yeah. limitations on that or &gt;&gt; uh well I don't think uh there there's always some limitations but for the vast majority of people I think it just meets your needs. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Um you &gt;&gt; heard it here first. &gt;&gt; It's cool. &gt;&gt; See people would never think you guys would do that &gt;&gt; and they never think you guys would do prediction markets and bank and everything together. That financial super app thesis seems to me what a lot of the industry can't comprehend uh existing in one thing and you're just like nope that's how we're going to play this. You know what? Cash to your door makes a lot of sense because without having physical branches now that takes the excuse of I need to have access to a physical location &gt;&gt; and that was the that was the thesis for it. So when we thought about banking, we asked ourselves, okay, um what can we do that hasn't been done before that's out in the uh that if you look out in the marketplace is differentiated because I think differentiation is actually the key to survival &gt;&gt; in the business world. &gt;&gt; Jeff Bezos wrote about this in his shareholder letter. It was a very good one a couple years ago because um everything around you wants to uh make you like your environment. So you want to enter into a state of equilibrium, homeostasis. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh low entropy, right? Entropy uh entropy decreases over time. And what that means is what what's a state of zero entropy? Death. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. So eventually life uh is born. But but but the the state is to for it to die. Same with business. So I think you have to always push hard against the environment. And for banking, we looked at the landscape. So you have the brickandmortar physical banks and then you have these digital banks. All the neo banks, the digital banks uh tend to target a uh lower income customer, right? And and the reason they do that is if you think about all the products and services, um there's some limitations with the digital bank. You know, if if you want to go get money, they don't have physical branches. So, if you want to go to an ATM, you have to go to a 7-Eleven or ATM down the street or, you know, you partner with, you know, some other bank, but you don't really own the experience. Uh you can't, you know, that it's hard to get like a cashier check. &gt;&gt; Yeah. uh there there's still things that you need to do and those are things that you know higher net worth customers actually use quite a bit. So uh and I had this bank called First Republic. &gt;&gt; I don't know if it was as popular out here. Now it's owned by JP Morgan. They unfortunately didn't make the banking crisis. They didn't survive the banking crisis of 2023. But they had this great feature of delivering cash to your door. &gt;&gt; And they kind of prided themselves on having the best service and just like handling all of the banking needs of these like Silicon Valley entrepreneur &gt;&gt; high worth people. &gt;&gt; Yeah. They would give you a good mortgage. So it's really serviceoriented, very uh very good experience. Um cash truck to your house. You don't have to go to an ATM, but &gt;&gt; not a great digital experience. It's brick and mortar. So you had like high high-end banks uh that didn't use technology, technology enabled banks that didn't really serve up market and you look at our customer base. Our customer base is a little bit more affluent than your typical neo bank because in order to have enough money to start thinking about investing, generally speaking, you have all your basic needs taken care of. So you're not like living paycheck to paycheck. So our customers also were a little bit high more higherend than these typical neo banks. So what we created was okay the thesis was can we do a digital banking product that's high-end so can it be can it go at the top of the market with no compromises and and you end up having to deal with this branch office problem. Well we don't want branches but branches provide valuable services. How can we close that gap? Well we bring the branch to you. And the most important feature there is how do we get the cash to you so you don't go to a 7-Eleven. Nothing kills the private banking vibe like sending your customers to 7-Eleven. Not that there's anything wrong with that. You know, love the 7-Eleven hot dogs, but if you want cash, you're not private banking at your 7-Eleven. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And a lot of people don't want to take out a large sum of cash in public either. And you can't. &gt;&gt; And that's great. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You can't. Um &gt;&gt; Yeah. And you know, we we think about these. And I I'll talk a little bit about the platinum card. I was actually a little bit surprised. Let's see this bad boy. &gt;&gt; Let's see. &gt;&gt; I got to tell you, I'm still surprised at how heavy this thing is. Uh, I believe I looked into this uh last night. I asked. So, here's the gold card, which is also fun. You can compare. &gt;&gt; This is solid gold, folks. &gt;&gt; We'll see. All right. So, this is gold. &gt;&gt; This is platinum. &gt;&gt; Would you say it's annoyingly heavy, the platinum card? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; But that's also what makes it cool. &gt;&gt; Well, so here's the thing. Nobody really needs uh a physical card for purposes of practicality anymore. Everyone's got Apple Pay. Um so I think uh the physical card is actually it's more of a style. It's it's like a fashion accessory at this point. &gt;&gt; So I think it's no longer important. &gt;&gt; It's a brand statement for people. &gt;&gt; Yeah. People are a lot of people say, "Well, why don't you just have a little plastic card? I want it to be as lightweight as possible." That's not the purpose of the card. It's like the watches, right? Nobody buys these things because they tell accurate time. There's way better ways accurate time. Yeah. Your cell phone is there. So, your watch is a piece of jewelry. It's a statement piece. I think in the same way, &gt;&gt; the credit card has become a piece of jewelry, a fashion accessory. And I think that's why we spend so much time competing in a category that uh others don't really compete in, which is who has the heaviest card. So I I looked this up. What's the heaviest credit card on the market right now? And uh what it told me is it's actually this card &gt;&gt; really &gt;&gt; 37 g. So it hasn't it hasn't uh it hasn't been retrained yet, but this is 50 gram. So, uh, twice as heavy as the next heaviest non-Rinhood card. &gt;&gt; Okay, so let's get into the the credit card park. That that was the biggest thing, uh, or one of the biggest things that was announced last night. We'll talk about some of the family stuff. &gt;&gt; Social media is going kind of crazy about it. A lot of people love it. A lot of people hate it. It seems obvious you guys are going for the AMXes of the world and you're really trying to be that premier destination. What was the product philosophy philosophy on this is the new addition to the Robin Hood family? Very simple. We started with this idea that um if you have this platinum card, you should feel like James Bond. If literally James Bond had a credit card and used a credit card, it would be this one. So, and hopefully you see that reflected not just in the design of the card, but everything around it. The product experience is like very cool and sort of has these bluish hues. We've got the scuba diver, right? you're adventure travel. Uh James Bond, as you know, he's a physical specimen, so we really wanted to lean in on the health and wellness benefits. Um so yeah, I don't I don't think anyone else had has really thought about it, but you know, I kind of looked up to James Bond growing up. I watched all the movies. I was very I thought it was very very cool. I And &gt;&gt; so I want to those movies. &gt;&gt; So which one's the best? All right. Who's the best James Bond and what's the best movie? &gt;&gt; Sean Connory for sure. Um I don't know. I like I like all the Connory Bonds. Um yeah, from uh from Russia with Love, obviously a classic. Gold Finger, the beginning of Goldfinger I think is just And then uh even even You Only Live Twice, I think is a underrated good Connory Bond where he goes to Japan. &gt;&gt; I agree. It's a classic. &gt;&gt; You've never seen it. It's classic. &gt;&gt; You've never trust a lad that he says it's a classic. It's classic. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I remember I gave you the the Back to the Future tip. &gt;&gt; And then you interviewed Shib and you asked him what his favorite movie was and he said Back to the Future, too. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I watched Back to the Future cuz I was like, "That's my favorite movie." I was like, "Yeah, it's a great movie." And I was like so bad that I said that and I didn't watch it. And so two weeks later I'm like, "This is a damn good movie." &gt;&gt; Yeah. He's not the only one you've done that to. &gt;&gt; I think it's frankly I don't know. Um I grew up watching it. you know, I started watching Back to the F. I've probably seen it 10 or 20 times, maybe more when I was like seven years old. So, I think it's also a little bit different if it's a movie you've seen so many times since you were a kid. You don't have that. But I'm actually curious when you when you watched it. &gt;&gt; Does it hit the same? Are you like, "Oh, that's that's an amazing movie. I want to watch it again." Or is it a little different? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I watched it twice. I did and then I watched the second one. I never watched Back to Future 3, but I watched the first and second. To me, it was, you know, I like stuff where Snapchat doesn't exist. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; And you have to pick up an actual phone, you know. So, it was pretty cool to witness that as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's funny how these movies had this vision of the future. &gt;&gt; And they all got it wrong because basically their vision was there would be massive screens everywhere, right? &gt;&gt; So, you'd go into the train and the train would have holographic TV screens, but everyone missed smartphones. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like in none of these movies do they have everyone on their phones all the time. &gt;&gt; So, let's stick with Vision of the Future for a moment. So, we're about to see one of the greatest wealth transfers in history. There's a lot of people that will be inheriting a significant amount of money, whether it's six, seven, eight, maybe even nine figures or more. &gt;&gt; How do you feel Robin Hood is positioned to really take the fight to all the competitors and provide a better value proposition? Because a lot of these individuals that will be inheriting money that capital is more likely in a Vanguard in a JP Morgan Chase Morgan Stanley because the older generation probably has not changed their accounts as frequently as the younger generation. So, how is Robin Hood positioned to really benefit from this and create value for the younger generation who now is coming into a large sum of money through inheritance and now they have the ability to choose where that money sits. &gt;&gt; I think we're increasingly better positioned. You know, I I think we're well positioned to begin with because we're already a place where people are moving assets. We've got net inflows from the other brokers. uh they have outflows for us and we have all of the young people, right? So the people that are having kids and you know thinking about finances for for their future, their own retirement, uh they're they're already on Robin Hood. Um and you know the question is the money is with people that are silent generation baby boomers. Uh how do we get all those folks on Robin Hood too? because it it becomes easier. The the we we don't just want to wait for an inheritance event. We want to make it so that we serve the whole family. So, your parents should have Robin Hood accounts, your siblings, your kids, of course, and we're kind of working our way through the process. So, up until yesterday, we didn't have custodial accounts. A lot of our customers are having kids right now, and they have to open accounts at other brokerages. Now, I think where we're going to see, we've already started seeing it, people opening those accounts, moving them over here. Um, uh, trusts are a big thing when we talk to, especially our high net worth customers, they usually have revocable and some have irrevocable trusts. &gt;&gt; Uh, so we have to bring that in. &gt;&gt; Uh, and that's coming very very soon as well. And then asset coverage, you know, a lot of these legacy assets are in mutual funds and are in bonds. So, we we've gotten quite far. I mean, you look two years ago or who I guess two the last two years have been a blur. So, I still think I'm in 2024. &gt;&gt; In 2022, we didn't even have AATS. &gt;&gt; So, you couldn't move your money into Robin Hood back then. You could only take your money out. &gt;&gt; And a lot of our competitors would like go on earnings calls and say, "Well, you know, we've never lost an account to Robin Hood. I looked at the number. It's literally zero." What they didn't mention is of course we hadn't launched that that piece of functionality and then right after we launched it they stopped talking about it which was kind of funny but uh yeah we've gone from single account like Robin Hood individual taxable brokerage account um with no ability to move outside assets uh to now I think um I'd have to imagine we're the number one AAT destination uh certainly by volume. I mean, I can't think of the amount of people. I can't imagine that there's one bigger. &gt;&gt; People transfer every day and they have a screenshot of it. Just got 2%, just got 3%. And you know, the first time we had a podcast, my biggest question to you was, how can you afford &gt;&gt; to give people 2 or 3%. And everyone that I talked to was like, there's they're going to go bankrupt doing this. They can't do it. &gt;&gt; Well, you see, the financial the financial profile of the company has gotten better as we as we've done that, right? Um Yeah. And it's because we've gotten smarter about it. like we we um and at first it was well how are you going to do this? This doesn't make sense. Um and then the economics at surface level are are pretty simple, right? We've got a certain monetization that we earn per aumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumumum. So you think to get that one-year payback, you should be able to offer a match that's equal to to that monetization. &gt;&gt; Um so you know at the time I think it was we had about 100 billion of assets. We made about two billion in annual revenue. So &gt;&gt; 2% Yep. Uh yeah, it it's just uh you can think of it as a marketing expense. We keep our costs low as well. Um so yeah, I think that um I think that you know the the there's so many ways in which it's we feel well positioned, but I I keep thinking about all the things that are missing and there's ways to make us even better positioned. So expanding asset coverage, expanding account coverage, expanding our service model. You know, we introduced Robin Hood concierge. We really weren't doing a great job with customers that had lots of money in Robin Hood up until fairly recently. &gt;&gt; And you know, we talked to these customers, their needs are very different. And you know, a lot of them have already started thinking about, okay, how am I going to do my estate planning? How am I gonna, you know, set things up for for inheritance in the future? And we started helping people with that. So, we rolled out an offering for our concierge customers where we handle your taxes and your estate plan for free if you have a certain amount of assets in Robin Hood. And and that's been like very successful, surprisingly successful. &gt;&gt; So, um and then, you know, not to mention AI. So, right now, the biggest blocker is that it's just a lot of paperwork and manual process to move accounts over. And that's why, you know, financial services have have been considered so sticky because it's really a pain in the a pain in the ass to move things to to Robin Hood. Some people give up because it's so cumbersome even after they've made the decision. Um, and I think one of the &gt;&gt; less appreciated AI disruptions is eventually the AI is going to do all this for you. Yeah. like we're probably pretty close to having that technology where you can just say move my uh bank account to Robin Hood or my brokerage account and then it just goes and takes all the stuff, writes all the emails, makes phone calls if it has to and then it it ends up in uh in Robin Hood. &gt;&gt; How do you see AI changing the financial service industry going forward? &gt;&gt; Well, it's a big question. Um, yeah. I I mean, I think that also, by the way, for those that don't know, Vlad is not just the CEO of Robinood, he's also co-founded an entire AI startup, Aristotle, that uh or harmonic with their their language models called Aristotle. And it uh it just got valued at over a billion dollars. I mean, so you are deep in this AI world. You are not some stranger to what's happening in AI. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I know. I'm I'm I know enough to be dangerous about model training and uh and all those things. Um how to prevent hallucinations is is something that we care a lot about and uh and I think we've we've got the the best the best way to do it. So we could spend a lot of time talking about that, but I think that I I've lived through I guess two technology revolutions. I kind of missed the computer revolution because I was born in the late 80s. Although that one I uh I regret. I wish I almost wish I was born a little earlier so I could see, you know, the first Macintosh coming out. &gt;&gt; Um, which uh coincidentally was how Erade started. Erade started with uh with Bill a guy named Bill Porter uh and Bernie New who were in PaloAlto and Bill Porter had gotten an Apple 2 computer and he was like, "Can we plug this thing into a modem and trade stocks with it?" Wow. &gt;&gt; So, pretty amazing origin story. And and Schwab actually started after um uh the deregulation of commissions in the early '7s. You know, it was it was an event called Mayday where &gt;&gt; commissions were deregulated. And so, uh, Schwab and his partner found an opportunity to be the lowcost provider, take their commissions down while everyone else was still, you know, Merryill was still charging, I don't know, 75 to dollars plus. And and their their their first Genesis was kind of similar to Robin Hood. It's like, we'll take your order, we'll process your order, we're not going to try to upsell or cross-ell you anything. We'll pick up the phone. It was of course before mainframe. So we would pick up the phone, take your order and process it as cheaply as possible. Um so anyway, I missed out on the computer revolution. I was a child during the internet revolution. So um but but I caught mobile and mobile was was a big one. In fact, it really created the conditions for Robin Hood to succeed and take market share because every time there's one of these revolutions, things get reshuffled. uh consumer preferences change really rapidly and there's kind of a an opportunity for a new product to to come in. So I think this is like that but much bigger. So &gt;&gt; why is it much bigger? &gt;&gt; Because actually the uh the means of production so to speak are getting automated. Um and if you think about &gt;&gt; all of these things what do they have in common? All these technology revolutions they're driven by people building software right to a large degree. you know, you're building consumer uh computer software, you're building software on the internet, you're building software for mobile phones. Well, now the biggest thing that's happening is software creation is being automated. I mean, I you're the most direct consequence of the AI revolution thus far is it's much easier to become a software engineer that's being democratized. You could write your own software. You guys maybe have &gt;&gt; he's upgraded to cloud. He's &gt;&gt; have the enterprise version. I'm building a cloud that are working right now. &gt;&gt; I show showed admit what I built. I have a team of like eight agents in the same program working on something whenever I hit launch. And it's amazing because I've never coded a line of code in my life. And I can prompt it to tell exactly how I want it. I want a team of eight agents, each one doing a very specific thing, sending it to a fact checker, and then sending it somewhere else to have the final product come out to me. It's absolutely insane what you can do just by typing in a prompt. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so I think we have to contend with the world where we've got agents doing things on our behalf, right? And and there's lots of open questions about how in control will we be ultimately. &gt;&gt; Um and and there's multiple layers of this. on an individual level, am I gonna be directing the agent and telling him what to do and the agent is just acting on things or is the agent going to be giving me the ideas? And eventually, &gt;&gt; is it going to be clear that the agent has better ideas than me and am I just going to like hand things off completely? I think there's a a version of that question that's happening on a societal level too which is okay we're giving these tools and we're improving them and we have claude code and and uh Aristotle right Aristotle I would put in the pantheon of of greats for mathematical use cases &gt;&gt; I love the name too such a great name &gt;&gt; it's great isn't it um &gt;&gt; yeah because we want everyone to be Alexander the great what did Alexander the Great have his genius uh mentor and philosopher who was guiding him through his life Um and then he became a great military leader, you know, but with a grounding of of philosophy. So, um yeah, on a societal level, is is the world going to look like these AI companies making all these inventions and discoveries and their giant data centers and keeping it for themselves? or are they going to release tools and create like an explosion of entrepreneurship and creation by by people? And um I'm I'm betting on the the latter outcome actually. Um I think it's the more optimistic scenario where we don't have to worry as much about negative side effects. &gt;&gt; Are are you being optimistic for the sake of being optimistic or you genuinely think it'll be a better outcome for the world? Well, I'm kind of in the arena, you know, with harmonic trying to drive for that outcome and you can see the um the difference, right? So, harmonic for if if the if the viewers don't know building uh mathemat what we call mathematical super intelligence. So, this is AI for mathematics and the first use case for it is uh research mathematicians accelerating their own work. So solving open problems, formalizing big results um in in a language called lean. And we have some competitors in the space. We're not the only ones um because this is a big opportunity, right? Others recognize it, but we're the only company that actually has a product. &gt;&gt; So basically what everyone else is doing is they're trying to solve the math problems inhouse and they're being very secretive about it. They're like, "Okay, well, we'll just go out and find uh, you know, mathematicians and groups that are working on interesting stuff. Send us all your data." They're getting the data and then they're just like cranking on it in-house. Our approach was very different. Our approach was, let's roll out the product. Um, and maybe, you know, the thing that's available to the public will never be as powerful as what we can control and run inhouse, but people will do all all kinds of cool stuff that we never thought of, right? Um, yeah. And so I just, uh, I I believe that's more interesting business, right? If you have everyone using your product, even if maybe running in-house you can do more impressive things because you can point all of the computational resources of it. Uh, the flurry and the uh, diaspora, the creation is going to is going to lead to much more interesting results. And I think you're starting to see that now. I mean, you're using cloud code. Um, you're probably playing around with this stuff, too. Uh, it looks like it's playing out to these tools being more democratized than people think, right? And if you if you had guessed &gt;&gt; 5 years ago that you'd have this AI and it would be a little subscription that you're paying 20 bucks a month for, uh, people would say that's great. So I I actually think the incentives for what makes a great business point towards these tools being broadly democratized and and being imbued in every company. Can we talk about this idea of uh investing for a living because it's something you mentioned that is a bit controversial and I think it makes a lot of sense but I can understand the skepticism around it which is kind of this idea that work as it becomes commoditized by agents means play will become work and the things we do for fun or the things that we do as a hobby like learning about options in the stock market might become a full-time job. So there's kind of two layers to this question. Number one, do you think people actually can invest for a living and do you think Robin Hood can contribute to that? And then B, bit more technical. If everyone's using advanced agents to trade, the edge in a stock market is someone knowing something that someone else doesn't or quite frankly human emotion stopping someone from selling or stopping someone from buying. If every if all the agents know exactly what to do, how do you think agents can actually meaningfully trade? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, that uh I'll I'll answer both of those. Um, you know, the second question, um, there there's a, you know, everyone thinks that this is going to be all great and my agent's going to be trading for me. Um, and and I think what happens with all technology is the early adopters do have an easier time. So, you know, you're going to get some early wins possibly if you're doing some kind of agentic trading because not a lot of people are doing it. At some point, if everyone's doing it, it becomes almost like if you're not doing it, you're at a disadvantage. &gt;&gt; It's kind of like uh when you're the first accountant that used a spreadsheet in the 80s. It's like, oh man, I can get all of my work done for my business in one hour a day and it used to be 10 hours a day. &gt;&gt; So, wow, maybe I can just like take the entire week off. I have this huge advantage over everyone else, right? And you know, if some people don't do that, some people probably worked less. Other people are like, I'll just have 10 times as much business and I'll have an advantage that way. But eventually, everyone kind of figures it out and then you're back to &gt;&gt; you're back you're back you're back to a level playing field. So I think that, you know, we'll we'll reach an equilibrium for sure. For sure. There's no free lunch forever, right, for everyone. So uh I think you're right with that. And your first question, do I think people will actually invest for a living? I mean, this is one that I thought would be more controversial, but whenever I go on a podcast, people kind of agree with it. &gt;&gt; And and maybe the reason is you kind of have one of these jobs, right? Like, how do you make a living? You create content, &gt;&gt; And uh and you invest. &gt;&gt; And you invest. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. And 50 years ago, if uh your great-grandparents were imagining your life and someone were to tell them, well, you know, Amit is uh podcasting here and there and you know, he he he trades and invests. Um they'd be like, oh my gosh, you're telling me our our great grandchild is is unemployed. He doesn't have a real job. Um &gt;&gt; my dad still says that today. &gt;&gt; What we're doing right now would not appear like real work to our ancestors. They would say, "Oh my god, technology is having this terrible effect of nobody has nobody works." &gt;&gt; It would either be utopian or dystopian kind of depending on how you look at it. So, uh, it is a real thing because it's already happening. We're we're here doing it, right? &gt;&gt; Anything else? &gt;&gt; I mean, even my job technology CEO didn't really exist 50 years ago. &gt;&gt; They'll be like, "If if they had a peak into my life, &gt;&gt; uh, what does it what does it look like?" Oh, you're just in in a meeting room. You have your chalkboard. You're drawing pictures from time to time. Sometimes things get heated and you bang on the gavl &gt;&gt; or you ring that little bell. There's a little bell on your desk that you're ringing. Yeah. So, um yeah, it wouldn't look like real work and I think in the future that's going to continue. &gt;&gt; So, AI should just accelerate that in your opinion. It shouldn't change the potential for people to invest for a living. &gt;&gt; Um, no. I think that'll accelerate for multiple reasons. And actually it kind of um regardless of whether you believe in the dystopian or utopian outcome, dystopian outcome being it takes everyone's jobs and we need like massive government redistribution and assistance and UBI. So in that outcome investing be is very important because &gt;&gt; and we kind of saw a preview of that during co right where we had lots and lots of government assistance and people just entered the markets like we have never seen before right and I I think you should expect that to to accelerate in that scenario you'll have UBI machinery you'll have you know the government working really hard to fill in the gaps um you'll also have productivity so actually uh there there is a poss there is a realistic scenario that people are talking about where productivity and GDP growth increases but it's just highly concentrated and in that case the government will will probably step in and and uh and find solutions like they did during co right and we can talk about how effective they maybe they won't be effective at first but I think eventually we'll find something that works um in the scenario where it creates uh a flurry of entrepreneurial activity um which I think is is more likely and you're starting to see it. So I gave a TED talk on this uh I don't know if you saw it. I saw it was great. &gt;&gt; Uh it got a little bit of of heat for oh is it too optimistic or you don't consider enough this this dystopian scenario &gt;&gt; but I think what'll happen is &gt;&gt; you'll have a lot more people becoming entrepreneurs because uh the way entrepreneurship has scaled in the past 20 years has been through software. Now it's becoming easier to write software. So you'll have more entrepreneurs. In my hot take, my prediction if I had to make one uh is that uh there will be more software engineers &gt;&gt; in 10 years than there are today. &gt;&gt; And there will be more lawyers. &gt;&gt; So it was very contrarian and of course I could be wrong, but um yeah, that would be that would be I I got to put myself out there with with something non-obvious. I think you'll have both of those things. And the reason you'll have both of those things is that um it's going to become much easier to start a venture and run it autonomously. Uh so you'll be a software engineer de facto, right? You've got your cloud code agents writing code for you. &gt;&gt; There'll be more businesses and uh the need for legal profession actually scales with business activity &gt;&gt; 100%. So if you have more if you have a million businesses uh incremental per year I mean each of those gonna have gonna need legal support right &gt;&gt; so uh I think it'll be democratized it'll be cheaper it'll be high quality but those activities will will actually dramatically increase um so yeah and in that world investing also becomes much bigger but for a different reason uh it's because we'll just have a huge amount amount of of new companies to invest in private and and and public and that'll just &gt;&gt; increase the activity. You know, you you'll be your portfolio will be bigger. There will be many more tradable assets. So, you should just expect that the current engine, the things that work now uh continue to accelerate in that world, which I think is the more likely one. But investing actually is a common common thread throughout both of these. And I'm not really so bullish on the, you know, some people like Elon will go out and say, "Well, there's no money in the future." &gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't really buy that. I think as long as there's private property and scarce things, you're going to have money, right? Money doesn't actually come from uh the need to uh Yeah. I mean, of course, money is a common tool that was designed for people to exchange things, right? So there's there's always going to be a premium on luxury real estate or scarce assets. So that I don't think that's going to go away. Not everyone is going to be able to get that uh oceanfront Palm Beach real estate. Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; So it's interesting. You've helped pioneer so much in finance. Do you ever look back at how did anybody get how did anybody get anything done anything done calling up on a phone calling up on a phone placing a trade placing a trade over a landline and over a landline and paying the amount paying the amount that they had to pay that they had to pay back in the day? I back in the day? I mean, I remember when mean, I remember when I made my first I made my first trade outside of having trade outside of having my parents do it my parents do it for me. Feel like it for me. Feel like it cost either $39.99 cost either $39.99 or $49.99. I had a or $49.99. I had a call quick and Riley. call quick and Riley. I mean, so much I mean, so much has changed. And then has changed. Do you ever look back at the second part of that with the rate of change accelerating through technology, you know this better than anybody, how much do you think it's going to look different in 5 years from now than it looks today? &gt;&gt; I think things were much slower back in the day. Much slower. And uh in in in some cases it was very nice, right? You didn't have to worry about us being connected and always responding to stuff. And you know, I guess back in the day, you'd go home, you wouldn't get push notifications from work, so there was easier separation. Now everything's sort of like merging into one. Um, but I think we're also we also have tools that I mean, humans will have limited attention span, limited mental capacity. Um, you know, back in the day, people were programming computers with these punch cards and they had to understand all of the details for how the machine would work. Now, we're in a world where, you know, we we we sort of keep increasing layers of abstraction and you can have these assistants doing things for you that are becoming increasingly powerful. So, I think you're also doing doing more and more with uh with like the the limited tools we're born with and amplifying them and and I really think we're we're building amazing amazing things. Um, is it going to accelerate? I I think I think certainly &gt;&gt; do you think we get to the point where we can program our brokerage accounts with our specific goals whether it's investing long-term or trading and have the actual platform do it for us? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that's already possible. Um the question I think that uh people have and we're trying to work this out is what what's the product that you actually want to use there? because you have a robo advisor, digital adviser through Robin Hood strategies where effectively you say, you know, what do I want? What are my goals? Right? And then it &gt;&gt; it figures it out. &gt;&gt; It figures it out for you and it's entirely handsoff. You have &gt;&gt; self-directed trading where, you know, you do your own research, you make your own trade, and maybe some some folks have the AI doing the research now, and by and large, they still want to press the button themselves. Um, and is there something in between? Right. For for most casual investors, they probably like the robo form factor with a couple of things on top. For active traders, uh, maybe what it looks like is kind of democratization of quant trading where you have these quant traders, algo traders, high frequency. In the past, in order to do those activities, you had to be very sophisticated. You had to write code. You had to do back testing. It's all software. Now, that's going to be easier. So, we probably will have more and more quant traders who were just using AI to write strategies. I want to get your broad take on prediction markets. I know you've talked about it a lot. Um, going to hit you with the question that everyone keeps asking. Why is it not gambling? And why is Robin Hood so excited to uh turn the youth into degenerates with gambling? &gt;&gt; It's a very Yeah. No, no easy questioning question. No, I love it. &gt;&gt; But, you know, I've defended the product because I see it as a class where Black Rockck and and and uh all the financial institutions that are responsible for market making Citadel. They see a massive opportunity to see how people can hedge exposure and things of that nature. But people right now see it run by sports. And I wonder how you think the future of that product will evolve to. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean sports is becoming a bigger and bigger part of the economy. If you had to think of one sector that maybe is immune to AI disruption, you you can imagine sports as a percentage of the economy is only going to &gt;&gt; increase. &gt;&gt; No, nobody's going to want to watch robots racing around the track. I'm not watching the Yankees if it's nine robots. It's not happening. &gt;&gt; All hitting home runs. They will. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; yeah. Although, I don't know. Maybe the pitcher robot will get really good and we'll see which which which which model is kind of entertaining to see robots. I &gt;&gt; I mean, actually, people would watch that once. But, &gt;&gt; so now you're saying that Microsoft's going to have their own baseball team of robots. Amazon's going to have their own team. &gt;&gt; I'm actually changing my mind on AI robots as we speak. I think I think AI robot sports might be fun but but I think you know in all seriousness sports is I think going to become bigger and bigger and bigger and it's been growing and I think we have to contend with the intersection of sports and financial markets because obviously as it's a bigger business it's going to be bigger financially and of course you'll have uh &gt;&gt; you you'll have that reflected in passive investing like owning sports teams which there's a lot of interest in a lot of retail investors would like to have a chunk of a sports team. &gt;&gt; Well, there's what only four publicly traded sport teams. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Most of them are private. &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And you look at NBA, right? Those teams have just increased in value tremendously. Uh and there's going to be derivatives. So, I don't think the financialization of the sports industry is is that odd. Now whether it's gambling um gambling is basically uh when when you talk to most people it's just another word for speculation and speculation is just an integral part of every derivatives market. Yep. &gt;&gt; It's it's it's true of futures trading. It's few of it's it's true of options trading. Um of course that there's a hedging purpose of course like there's a hedging purpose in all these things. uh originally you know futures contracts and and options were uh used as hedging instruments as well but in order for it to be useful for hedging we need speculators to come in and make sure the prices are actually accurate. So every derivatives markets needs uh speculators hedgers and arbitrurers to function. &gt;&gt; The first time you said that word by the way I was like that's impressive. I would never be able to say that freaking word. Did you know I was an arbitrer? &gt;&gt; That was my first uh job. &gt;&gt; When you applied for the options thing &gt;&gt; when I uh No, I didn't get that job, but when I started my first company, we were doing arbitrage on ETFs and the underlying basket. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; So, basically, we would track the ETF. We would track all of the components and we'd start with this was computationally expensive. So, we start with &gt;&gt; the little ETFs with small numbers of components that didn't move very much. the holders. They call them the holders. &gt;&gt; Uh and then we would when when the basket was cheaper, buy the basket, sell the ETF, and then vice versa. &gt;&gt; It's more impressive that you can say the word. I remember hearing it first. I'm like, how the hell did he say that? But &gt;&gt; yeah. Um yeah, it took me a while to understand. You know, I read about them in books, but until you're you're doing it yourself, you realize how simple of an idea it is. Um but yeah, I think that speculation is is integral part of every market. I always get this question of like, well, what if your kids were would you want them on Robin Hood prediction markets? And I thought that's that's a weird question. First of all, &gt;&gt; it's not like one of if if if you ask me the top 10 things that I worry about with my kids. &gt;&gt; Uh it wouldn't make the top 10. I'm more worried about like &gt;&gt; how they're going to be working hard and hungry and those sorts of things. But the other thing is, you know, I thought about it. Let's say you have a strategy and you're really systematic about it and you're thinking about it like a engineer. There's legitimate like trading skill that's involved in in you know making these types of trades. So no, I don't want you to just &gt;&gt; if if you're if you're buying uh a contract on your local team because you like it, &gt;&gt; um I I wouldn't think that's that's the most sophisticated strategy. But yeah, if if if they're, you know, creating strategies and they're systematic about it and it makes sense and they can explain it to me, um, I I think, you know, uh, &gt;&gt; it's a skill at that point, just like trading. Tra trading is a skill &gt;&gt; and uh I I would encourage people if they have the interest to learn that uh as young as possible and actually the younger you are the more you can actually handle risk and understand risk and you know I I started when I was a teenager &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; my kid my parents opened up uh a brokerage account for me at at Erade during the dot boom you know I went through everything I saw company I learned about company mergers, reorganizations when I bought threecom and it spun out Palm. &gt;&gt; Yes, I bought the same thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yes. Because I love the Palm Pilot, right? Um and that ended up being a good one. And then, you know, I went through the strategy of well, I'm driving through the uh Dulles corridor on the way to Dulles airport, which was the hot bed of the technology industry at the time in Northern Virginia where I lived. And I would see the buildings pop up and I would check the stocks and and buy those. that didn't end up being a very good strategy, but it's a skill just like playing the violin uh or playing a sport that you can learn and and get better at. So, yeah, I I would uh I think the the earlier you start investing or trading, the the better off you'll be. &gt;&gt; So, sticking with the theme of youth, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; how can we expand and improve financial literacy for the younger generation? I think with your company and what you're doing with the custodial accounts is so important. Yeah. and we've been investing for my nephew for quite some time. And we want to make sure that he's in a much better position when he starts out his adulthood than we were. And one of the things that I get annoyed at is there's just not a strong level of financial literacy coming out of high school. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And I think that this needs to be a fundamental core learning ability that continues to expand and becomes prioritized over other aspects that are historical focuses in the educational realm. H how do we do this? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think high school's too late, frankly. &gt;&gt; Well, I agree with that. &gt;&gt; I remember uh I I took uh I learned about finances in fourth grade. So, I I was in the advanced math class, and we had this Greek teacher, uh, Mrs. Cordovalis, and she she spent a couple weeks in the advanced math class teaching us about basic financial things. So, she's like, "This is a check." Okay? And here's the number one thing you have to do when you're writing a check. Start writing all the way to the left. Because what some people will do is they'll take your check and they'll just put a one in. So, you want to pay if if you owe them 10 bucks, they'll say 110. Um, and you know, you remember these things because these are actual practical real life ad. I don't know how much you guys write checks. I write them from time to time, but um, &gt;&gt; my wife will, I don't. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's the one thing I remember from fourth grade. It's like, wow, I understand what a check is now. I didn't remember anything else that I learned. So, I think you start much earlier. Um, I think that having it be mandated by the government always helps. like if you're deal that's a way to guarantee people do it we have mandatory sexed we should have mandatory financial &gt;&gt; 100% &gt;&gt; um I think the Trump accounts are going to be a very very positive force for this because &gt;&gt; everyone will have &gt;&gt; an account right and and you know &gt;&gt; I mean it makes all the children owners of the US economy there's no better thing in my opinion &gt;&gt; yeah it's good for the economy good for our system but also So once you have something, if you have a little a portfolio and a pot of money sitting there, you're going to watch that and that'll make you learn how everything works. So uh I I think I think we're doing a lot. You know, private companies is one crusade that I'm working on too because one problem I see is more of these companies are staying private longer and longer. Look at anthropic and open AI &gt;&gt; and and SpaceX &gt;&gt; and you know it used to be that Microsoft, Amazon, they would go public at valuations of hundreds of millions and those investors who participated and held since then have seen thousandx plus public market returns. Now in order to get that from an anthropic or an open AI or in a SpaceX, you're seeing these com they're going to have to trade at hundreds of trillions of market cap. Not saying it can't happen, but that's going to be tough going, right? So, what we're trying to do is not just make it more attractive and easier to be a public company through IPO access and our other initiatives, but also open up access to private so that retail can get exposure to these companies. I tell my venture capital friends, you've made a lot of money. You know, you made a lot you'll be fine. Okay. So, that that's that's actually my last question for you and uh thank you for taking the time for this. We really appreciate it. Uh making a lot of money. So you are now a multi-billionaire in terms of net worth. Like you are worth multibillions of dollars. What has that been like going from not being worth multi-billions to being worth multi-billions? Has your life changed? Has opportunity changed? You get access to different opportunities? How do you think of your kids? You want to keep them hungry and humble and you work your ass off, but you know if your dad's a multi-billionaire, do I have to work my ass off? How are you comprehending this new financial ecosphere that you've entered into? &gt;&gt; I think about that a lot with my kids. Uh certainly um I think that on the one hand there's there's um there's lots of positives and the positives are you know I could get them the best tutors in the world. No, right at at uh and you know when I was growing up I didn't have access to tutors. I had to do everything myself because my parents were working multiple jobs and I didn't even have a babysitter. &gt;&gt; They were like, "Child, here's the key." I was five years old, you know. Uh, for a while they would be like, "Actually, we need you to go to the upstairs neighbor. Knock on her door. She she has the key for you." Then they figured out, "Okay, this is like the child 5-year-old's doing all this stuff and like walking across town to get into the door. You might as well let him keep the key." Yeah. Keep him in the back. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I was a a latch key child, right? Um so there there's benefits and of course not having a babysitter. Um I would do my homework in 10 minutes. It would be very quick and then I'd watch TV, play outside with my friends. So uh it it wasn't all learning. Uh I I did also have a lot of fun too. But yeah, I worry a lot about the kids. You know, we try hard to figure out because it's very different than I than the way I grew up. um you know and uh uh I think that uh I'm trying to figure it out myself. I mean that having children is an amazing thing and uh the company is kind of like a child in some ways but then you feel this deep responsibility. I want to make sure that when they grow up and have their own kids &gt;&gt; and uh I look at the grandchildren you'll be able to tell what a what a great job you've done of of raising the kids. and I I spend a lot of time with them and uh I I always I always feel like I could be doing more or better, you know. &gt;&gt; Does your net worth kind of hit you on a day-to-day basis that I have all this capital available to me and it it makes you maybe think more about taking risks? I mean, you were a risk taker when you were broke. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And you still taking risks when you're rich. I mean, how is I guess the mindset of actually having access to all that capital feel? &gt;&gt; I mean, I try to keep things pretty simple. Um, I I I try not to think about it daytoday because what happens then is you get really excited. It's it's like thinking about the stock price. Yeah. You get really excited when it goes up. You get really like distraught when it goes down. Right. &gt;&gt; And um &gt;&gt; Yeah. I've just found it's unhealthy to to think about it to that degree because, you know, I don't feel uh 8% I'm not 8% smarter than I was yesterday, right? I shouldn't feel 8% better. So, it's just better if um &gt;&gt; a lot of people were 8% happier though yesterday for for a specific reason. &gt;&gt; I would feel my my emotional state is much better if I'm like more steady. Um &gt;&gt; so, yeah, I try not to think about it that much. And also just, &gt;&gt; you know, you can't really take the uh the immigrant out of me. So, I still look for deals. I think of everything as a as an investment. I don't really I don't really like consumption. If you see my uh Robin Hood gold card, &gt;&gt; yeah, which is I'm going to switch to platinum for sure. &gt;&gt; but if you see my credit card bills, they're like fairly small and I do all of my spend on on the credit card. So, it's not like I'm out there buying a whole bunch of stuff. Everything that I buy, I think of as an investment, whether it's a wise financial decision, even if I don't really have to do that. &gt;&gt; I love it. &gt;&gt; So, let's end it on this. Vlad, what's your favorite movie? &gt;&gt; Uh, I I can't give you Back to the Future. &gt;&gt; You got to give me a different one. &gt;&gt; Uh, I've enjoyed watching Metropolis. That was the last movie I saw. Have you guys ever seen Metropolis? &gt;&gt; It's a classic. &gt;&gt; You've never seen it, and it's something I've never heard of, &gt;&gt; dude. I'm not watching a silent movie. Get out of here. &gt;&gt; It's a silent black and white movie. Um, I think it's the first movie that uh that featured AI or a conception of AI from 1929. Huh? &gt;&gt; So, now you're interested in Asylum. &gt;&gt; Oh, now I need to go watch. &gt;&gt; Two and a half hours long. Actually, there's a director prediction market on if he can sit through that or not. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, we'll do a couple quick rapid fires. Uh, favorite food. &gt;&gt; Ooh. Um, Korean. &gt;&gt; Korean. &gt;&gt; When you were living in New York, best pizzeria? &gt;&gt; I liked uh I like Two Brothers Pizza. &gt;&gt; Dollar Slice. I wonder if they still have that. Favorite book? &gt;&gt; Uh, I'm reading it with my son now. A brief history of time by Stephven Hawking. &gt;&gt; I haven't read it, but I've heard of it. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a good one. &gt;&gt; Okay. And last one. Uh, I asked this to Shiv as well. I'll throw it to you. It's probably hard, but favorite memory over the past four years. &gt;&gt; Um, I'd have to say the product events have been really, really good. &gt;&gt; I mean, I think that like this this last one was really fun. It's always fun for me to talk to customers. This was a great memory. Of course, there's recency bias. Um, &gt;&gt; and you enjoy seeing people in person. Like, you actually uh the CAN event was also a highlight. Um, I also, you know, there there's some meetings that you're in. And, you know, it's it's lame, I think, to say that a a meeting is a good memory, but whenever we figure something out or there's an idea that that's exciting, I mean, those those stick in my mind for sure. Um like when Abashek, you know, he came up and presented his early dividends idea. Yeah. &gt;&gt; It was like uh you could feel the energy. It's like, "Oh, we could do the dividends three weeks early." &gt;&gt; CEO and co-founder of Robin Hood, Mr. Vladen. Vlad, thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Always a pleasure, gentlemen.
