---
ticker: HOOD
type: youtube
title: "Beginners Guide to Making Real Money on Robinhood in 2025"
channel: "Kenan Grace"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRhlx1wq6A0
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 9188
---

# Beginners Guide to Making Real Money on Robinhood in 2025

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Kenan Grace
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRhlx1wq6A0

## 转录全文

This is not financial advice. I just tell you a bunch of other miss baby because it's about to get hot in the kitchen. But in this one, I'm going to teach you three things that's going to help you to take your investing to the next level. Remember, talk to a licensed financial adviser in your area. This is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Let me show you these three things. Let's start off with the first one. You got to have a gold standard of the market. And then you got to be able to beat that gold standard. So you can see are you a better trader or are you a better long-term investor. This is going to help you to build out that long-term wealth. The gold standard of the stock market is the past return of ticker symbol SPY. When you use Robin Hood, it's actually very easy to see it. So you're going to click on the search bar, go to SPY, and it's going to show you SPDR, S&amp;P 500. All you really need to see though is the last one year or 1 Y and you'll see that it says 17.55. If you are meeting this level and performing the exact same as SPY, then that means you are hitting the gold standard of the market. But there are ways to do even better than hitting the gold standard with SPY. Here's some examples. My account and my medium-term account where I buy stocks and I just hold it. I don't even trade in and out of this one. It's currently worth $500,000 right now and it's up a little bit more than 17. So this one is slightly higher than that gold standard of the market which is spy. But this is how you do something like that. You go to Vanguard which is VO and you're going to see that it's up 17.55 as well just like ticker symbol S spy. But what many investors do when they're new is they get caught up in the share price. The main thing you need to look at is the return or the percentage that is moving up because whatever amount of money that you put in, you want to at least be doing as good as ticker symbol SPY or VO, which is a cheaper version. You actually have to pay these institutions like Vanguard for example, which is what the V stands for in V. You have to pay them to be able to manage these. When you invest into this, you know how they tell you don't put all your eggs in one basket? When you invest in a VO, you have your eggs in 500 baskets. So, if one of the stocks isn't doing well, then it's all good. You still have 499 other ones that are in the same area of your portfolio, and it's actually going to help you to build that long-term wealth and have a standard. There are people right now who their portfolio in the last year, it's not up 17.55% like VO or SPY. It's not up 20% like my medium-term portfolio. Some things don't have to go up 100% in a day. You just want them to be steadily growing. And the reason I want to show you this is because your job, your nine-to-5 that you're in, it's not going to make you retire if you're not putting money into investing. Let's say that you made $100,000 in the last year. Well, if you had a 20% increase, then guess what? You making $120,000 next year. But it doesn't stop. It compounds. So, you want to make sure that you have your money working for you doing that compounding. Now, let's look at a better one than even the gold standard. And I haven't heard anyone on YouTube talk about this one. And it's SPM. This is the Fortune 500 again, but look at the past year. It's not 17%, it's basically double that at 36%. So, this one is looking at that with the S&amp;P 500 stocks, but it's picking them out in particular for momentum. What does that mean? the stocks that are moving fast and running up high, it's keeping those in the portfolio and it's taking the ones that aren't moving that fast and reducing those in the portfolio and it's only looking at the top 100 of those 500, but not just the biggest 100. It's looking at the ones that are moving the fastest. So then this one is giving an even higher return than VO and SPY in the last year. And then when you look at the last 5 years, it's up 151%. So, this one is one of those things that you can buy, set it, and forget it in my honest opinion. So, put this one on your radar, and if you start dollar cost averaging or buying it, let's say every single Friday, then this one is, in my opinion, one that's going to take you for the long term and really get some gains on it. I want to put you up on another piece. This is part two, and this one is about how to know when to buy a stock. You're going to look at the PE ratio, but don't get caught up in the terminology thinking PE ratio, this is going over my head. You're looking for a number. So on Robin Hood, it's actually quite easy to look at. You're going to go to any tech stock. I'm going to pick Meta for example, and this one is $713. You might be thinking, is that expensive right now? This is how you find out. You go and scroll down, and you're going to see that it says PE ratio 27. That means it's under 30. In tech stocks, when you see the PE of something being under 30, in modern times, this is generally a fair price for the stock. But you don't just want fair prices. However, fair prices are good. You would prefer to get a great price. So, let's look at another one that has a great price. So, I still like Meta because it's under 30, but under 20 is even better. So, sometimes you don't see it. Sometimes you see the PE ratio of something being 55 or even higher. And it could make sense to buy those sometimes. But when you want to be sure because you're a new investor, if you're getting a pretty good deal, then you go and look at this for now and buy the stocks when they're under the 30p. When they're tech stocks, tech is the innovation of the world. You could look at your Alphabet, aka Google, and this is the one we'll use as an example. Google is currently $193 right now. You ask yourself, is that expensive? Well, you scroll and you look at the PE, and the PE of this one is 20. Now, the government has been on their head about what they're doing with their advertising business, and that has brought the stock down. It has brought the PE ratio down as well, putting it into a really good deal range. So, then the third thing that I want to teach you is about stock options. I know many of you are interested in stock options, but you don't know where to start. And I'm going to show you using the Robin Hood app how you can start. And this is completely free. You go to a stock, for example, like Apple. We notice Apple is $214. Let's say you have reason to believe that Apple is going to run up to even $240 by the end of the year. So, what you could do is you could buy the stock or you could buy the stock option. This is how you're going to be able to do this for free and get some practice in stock options and learn. You go to the stock and then you open up the options which will be on the bottom where you go to buy and then you say trade options. And then as soon as you see the option screen, it says buy a AAL. That just means buy Apple. And it says a $240 call and it gives the date of January 16th, 2026. So all of that at the top is just the name of the option. You don't have to understand it fully in this moment, but that's just the name of the option. Kind of like directions like how do I get to this specific option and at the bottom you can see where it says buy. So you would have to spend like $615 to buy this option right now. And that isn't free. Kenan, didn't you say you going to show us how to do it for free? How to learn options and practice for free? Yes, under the buy, most people don't see it because it's not highlighted. It says add to watch list. So, when you add this to your watch list, it's going to open up as if you bought it right now and it's going to track it. Take a look at this. It says watch list position. So, it's treating your watch list as if you have a position or as if you bought it already. It says what was the cost when you added it. I highlighted in green right here. $12.33. And then it'll tell you at the bottom what is the return. So, I just added it now. So there's no up or down. It's at zero flat. So I'm going to be able to watch this until about January 16th and see where it goes. So when you want to practice, you can add these options to your watch list. When you're watching somebody trade online or you're watching somebody do the charts, you can say, "Okay, if I got into that option right now with you, how would it go?" So then you could take people's plays and play them out without really spending any money. And you can do it when they say do it or when you think you should do it and get some practice in and understanding the mechanics of how they move and how they lose money to time decay or gain money. You can find out how it works for free by using it right here. So if you want to really learn how to get so busy and go way past these three things that I just showed you, then join KGU. The annual membership is 39% off. I see you over there, family. I love y'all. I appreciate y'all. And let's keep winning cuz we've been knocking it out of the park. We on a crazy win streak right now. I'll see y'all in the next one and take care.
