---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: MDB
title: "Why Is Everyone Talking About MongoDB Stock? | MDB Stock Analysis | Growth Stocks"
channel: "Parkev Tatevosian, CFA"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: ccyXXiPeMCg
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccyXXiPeMCg
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Why Is Everyone Talking About MongoDB Stock? | MDB Stock Analysis | Growth Stocks

**Channel**: Parkev Tatevosian, CFA  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccyXXiPeMCg

## Transcript

I think the primary reason why investors are talking about MongoDB stock is because of its solid growth in customers and revenue. I'm going to talk about those factors here in this video and what it could mean for MongoDB stock investors longer term. Let's jump in. >> I want to thank the Mly Fool for sponsoring this video. Visit fool.com/parkkev for the 10 best stocks to buy now. So, MongoDB informed investors that they grew their customer base by approximately 1,900 sequentially, bringing the total customer count to over 54,500. That's up from 47,800 in the year ago period. So, year-over-year, they added about 6,700 customers and 1,900 customers just in the most recent quarter. So in the most recent quarter, their pace of growth was much faster than their annualized pace of growth over the previous four quarters. And investors like to see that an accelerating rate of increase is very attractive to investors. That's one reason why you see Palunteer stock performing so well because Palunteer is demonstrating accelerating revenue growth, accelerating profit growth, accelerating customer growth, and investors pay a premium for businesses that generate that kind of increase. Of their total customer count, over 7,500 are direct sales customers, which compares to 7,000 in the year ago period. Now, that's important for MongoDB to be able to generate customers through direct sales channels because that requires fewer resources from the management team. They also are higher profit margin customers if they're going through your direct sales channel. They're not trying to negotiate for better deals. They are not going to come back probably and negotiate on an annualized basis every time their contract comes up to try and get a better deal. And overall, it allows a company to grow with fewer constraints if you don't need to attach salespeople to each contract. The growth in their total customer count is being driven primarily by the Atlas segment, which had over 53,000 customers at the end of the quarter, compared to 46,300 in the year ago period. Their income from operations came in at 113 million or good for an operating margin of 21% in Q4 compared to a 15% margin in the year ago period. I like to see companies when their revenue is increasing, their profit margin is also increasing. It demonstrates that they're able to leverage their fixed costs and increase their revenue and keep costs under control while increasing revenue. It's less impressive to me when a company demonstrates revenue growth, but their costs are increasing faster than revenue or just as quickly as revenue. I like to see companies keep their costs under control and see revenues increase. That's what generates profit expansion and profit growth. During Q4, the company completed the redemption of their 2026 convertible notes and as a result, their balance sheet is now debt-free. Now, let me take a moment and talk about what convertible notes are and why the company was able to become completely debt-free following the redemption of the convertible notes. So, a convertible note is a loan or debt that has the option to be converted into stock. So, it's lenders that have the option to become shareholders. Okay? There's two ways to finance a company. Through debt and equity, right? Debt says that you owe me $1,000, which you have to pay me back in 3 years, and you have to pay me a 5% interest on that debt. Okay? Equity is me saying that I'll give you 10% of my company for $1,000. All right? So, those are the two ways you can finance a company. uh convertible node is in between those two. It's a mix of both. It's debt that has a chance to become equity and in this case it did become equity because whatever the agreed upon terms were in that convertible note, the company met those targets and the debt was converted into equity. And that's usually a good sign for the lender because the lender got to exercise the option, meaning they got to see that upside. Okay, so it's not necessarily a good or bad thing for MongoDB. It's just something that is a way for the company to finance the growth of the company and do so in a cost-effective manner. And so if the company had a convertible note outstanding of let's say $1 million and the lender converted it to equity, now the company has zero debt because that debt was converted into equity. So the debt gets wiped out. It's converted into equity and then you have more shares outstanding. So existing profits will now be split among more shares uh potentially diluting shareholders. Operating cash flow in the fourth quarter came in at 51 million. After taking into consideration approximately 28 million in capital expenditures and repayments of finance lease liabilities, free cash flow came in at 23 million for the quarter. That compares to free cash flow of 51 million in the year ago period. Their Q4 capex included approximately 24 million for the purchase of IPv4 addresses. As they discussed previously, this is more of a one-off event, not something you can expect to recur for MongoDB going forward. Looking ahead, the company's forecasting revenue in the range of 526 million at the midpoint and non-GAAP income from operations of about 56 million. That was what was disappointing about MongoDB's forecast looking ahead is not just for the first quarter but for the full year the company is forecasting 2.2 billion in revenue and non-GAAP income of operations of 220 million. Now if you do the math there and you divide the non-GAAP income from operations of 220 million divided by the total revenue of 2.2 2 billion, you get a non-GAAP operating income margin of about 10%. Which is less than half of what the company reported in the most recent quarter where they said their operating income non-GAAP as a percentage of revenue was 21%. So a declining operating margin, reversing that gain that I just talked about earlier, right? I said the company's revenue is increasing and their margin is expanding. But now looking ahead for 2026, they expect the opposite to happen. They expect the revenue to increase but the margin to decline as they invest in that growth as they invest in critical categories like research and development and the sales function to help facilitate further growth and capitalize on the opportunity they see ahead. Of course, as an investor, I'd prefer to see companies capitalizing and growing even while expanding their margins. So investing in growth but still able to generate expansion in profit margin. So uh not very uh attractive there from MongoDB in the forecast for the full year 2026. You can understand why the stock price has been under pressure in 2025 in the last 3 months in the last 6 months. uh regardless of the period you're looking back on this stock, the performance hasn't been great. Even though it's trading at a super premium valuation, if you go to fiscal AI like I do to get my uh data and to get these charts, you can see that uh MongoDB is trading at a forward price to earnings of over 70. That's a rich valuation for a business that's uh forecasting margins to decline in 2020 in their fiscal year 2026. So, as you've probably seen me do when I'm evaluating companies with these kinds of premium valuations, I'm more picky than I usually am. I highlight the downsides more so than if I'm evaluating a company that's trading at a really cheap forward price to earnings ratio. I'm willing to overlook those things that are not quite perfect. But when I'm paying a forward PE of 71, I'm going to be extra critical about the company's performance because I'm paying a super premium price. This document I'm looking at was the company's most recently completed quarterly earnings call transcript. And these highlighted documents are available to my channel members. I have uh that was MongoDB. I have several companies now available with my highlighted transcripts including Neo, Adobe and Micron, Hims and Hers, etc. And I'm adding to this almost daily, definitely several per week. I'm adding to these conference call transcripts. And you can get these access to these with a channel membership at less than $5 a month. Hey everyone, I'm excited to announce that my book is finally available for sale. I've been working on it for more than a year now. So, I'm really excited to finally share this with you. Now, it goes through my framework for evaluating stocks. Some of you often ask why I like this stock or why I like the other stock. And this framework provides you the things that I look at when I'm evaluating stocks. I've added the link in the description below.
