---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: MDB
title: "No Priors Live: Is the SaaS "Bear Thesis" Overblown? MongoDB CEO Answers"
channel: "No Priors: AI, Machine Learning, Tech, & Startups"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: qQAhK2EWw4I
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQAhK2EWw4I
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# No Priors Live: Is the SaaS "Bear Thesis" Overblown? MongoDB CEO Answers

**Channel**: No Priors: AI, Machine Learning, Tech, & Startups  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQAhK2EWw4I

## Transcript

since 2022. The future of software is in question. This is from the investor community but also customers. It is a very pivotal moment on the software stack. And then you look at the software stack and you say okay what is the one thing that will always be there? How many companies today that are there that are more than 10 billion in just pure play software revenue? It's single digits. Why is that? The software industry has been around for a long time created by many many smart people like yourself. Why is it [music] only singledigit companies are more than 10 billion in revenue? Because >> platforms are rare. >> Platforms are rare. Speed matters. When technology transitions happen, are you building as fast as you can? And then are you learning on that technology shift? Whether it's the internet age or AI age or mobile, are you pivoting fast? It's just that you have to stay ahead of that game. If you fall behind that game, investors or customers will always ask you that [music] question, what is the future of your company? >> Welcome to the very first live recording of the No Priors podcast with host Sarah Guo and MongoDB president and CEO CJ Desai. Hey everyone, I am so happy to be here with you guys and my uh longtime friend CJ. I know you guys have had a great day of announcements and and learnings here at the conference, but I I'm really excited personally to have the opportunity to zoom out with CJ to talk about uh the future of software um what's happening in SAS and and where the value is going to be. These are important questions to me in my you know day job as a as a venture investor. Um so CJ, you have worked at these platform enterprise software and infrastructure companies. uh became CEO of MongoDB recently. I feel like the one question that we were just talking about that every investor asks you and then everybody in the technology ecosystem has the back of their mind is what is the value of software when you can generate a bunch of software and and so I I'd love to just get your thoughts on this. >> That's a very spicy question to start with. I like it. >> I'm making sure everybody's awake. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> U first thank you for doing no prior live for the first time. it's made in and we have a really good crowd here. So, uh it's always exciting. You know when you think about technology transitions software whether you look at internet age or mainframe all the way till AI you have to really think through what is the mode here right whichever applications you create you know SAS applications got created late '9s right late '90s I think Salesforce had their 25 years anniversary recently and so SAS has been around for at least 25 years from from a transition perspective and now with AI the question is just in general what is the future of software what's the stack and do you really have a moat as a company or not there are folks uh who will say hey my moat is I have a great customer relationship or my channel is amazing and that's my mode as I disrupt myself within um but from my standpoint speed matters matters, right? Speed matters. So when technology transitions happen, are you building as fast as you can and then are you learning on that technology shift? Whether it's the internet age or AI age or mobile back in u early 2010 when meta made the pivot towards uh mobile are you pivoting fast and if you pivot fast to leverage the technology whatever the platform shifts are happening, I think it is fine. It's just that you have to stay ahead of that game. If you fall behind that game, investors or customers will always ask you that question, what is the future of your company? And that is something you have to be on the leading edge. Not every bet will work. But from my standpoint, the just going on the extreme terminal value being zero for some of the software, they are overblown. uh and you know uh we'll figure this out together. part of your career you were leading product at service now it is a fran it is one of the most durable enterprise software companies or so everyone assumed until relatively recently and now now this question is up for debate um I I think for a lot of people within an engineering mindset who think about buying developer tools or using developer infrastructure uh the the word like customer stickiness or distribution as the moat it feels very abstract can you just talk a little bit about like how important you know service now as an example is to its customers and why what you think about that. >> One of the things is platforms are sticky products are not. >> Okay. >> So no matter which software company you create today in the world of uh in the age of AI or you created in the past products can be replaced. uh my hiring manager at service now Frank Slutman used to say tools are for fools as in if you say this is a software tool >> that's never a good sign and that's why he used to say that tools are for fools uh so one is products can be replaced because that's a fast uh software is a disruptive market so you want to make sure that you have a platform that you are positioning to the customer whether it's a builder here in San Francisco that is creating a brand new company for a use case all the way to a very large company that is selling to say a large bank. Okay. So one is when you position yourself as a platform maybe that increases your sales cycle versus selling hey you're using this now you can use this go ahead and replace it right so platforms are sticky because it's a thoughtful decision from a customer's perspective the second thing that >> this is actually not the general advice of many people in the startup and VC community so I want to I want to talk about this a little bit and then I want to get to your second point >> um you You know a lot of people talk about having like a wedge right and for service now you know it service desk would have been considered the wedge. Is that not the right is that like a wrong retelling of history here? I mean you need an initial use case and that initial use case has to be a killer use case because if you go in front of a large bank or a healthcare company or a manufacturing company say you are building something here uh with this great audience we have you can say okay this is a disruptive way to think of a legal use case or a finance use case or a help desk use case that's great that's your entry point but then the entry that was easy for you to get in if it was disruptive exit would be in a similar way easy uh because they have not built things around you right so that's that's the main part that okay today it will work for your maybe 0 to 100 million uh 0 to 10 10 to 100 whatever steps you want to go in but it gets harder and harder set up from 100 to billion billion to 5 billion and then 10 billion plus I mean how many companies today that are there that are more than 10 billion in software, >> 10 billion in just pure play software revenue. >> How many companies are there? It's single digits. >> Okay. Why is that? The software industry has been around for a long time created by many many smart people like yourselves. Why is it only singledigit companies are more than 10 billion in revenue? Because >> platforms are rare. >> Platforms are rare and platforms are rare. So one is your dream or aspiration as a software company should that you become a platform and once you are a platform that means you have n equals at least two you have two plus products being used by your customers from whatever you are offering they all work in unison with each other so it's sticky truly from a technology perspective and then what I would argue further all the integrations that your customer has to do with their existing systems because remember if you go to a large bank, bank has been around for some of them 100 plus years. You go to a large insurance company, they've been around for 100 plus years. If you go to a healthcare company, same thing. You look at Fortune 10, Fortune 100, Fortune 500, that's where the TAM is. Mhm. >> And if that's where the time is and you go there and if it is just a product eventually you're going to max out and then you'll have to uh add multiple things. So if you're a platform you're sticky products work with each other and then those products work with all the systems you have and I'll just make it very specific speaking to a bank on behalf of MongoDB. They run their commercial banking applications on top of MongoDB. They have built lot of other integrations. They have done all the security checks, governance, all of that stuff. And I said, "Wow, gee, how many applications you have built on MongoDB?" They say very critical and that matter. I said, "How many?" And finally the CTO tells me in London, "30." I said, "Wow, okay, that's great. 300 applications built on MongoDB." I said, "Cj, don't worry. Thank you for coming to London. We are not going anywhere." I said, "Can I just ask you what's the denominator? I understand the numerator is 300." He said, 9,000. I said 9,000 that's a great opportunity for MongoDB. [laughter] Uh so >> he said I'm not going anywhere. >> I'm not going. So that's when the more they use the more sticky we get and then we are in the fabric of their infrastructure. So, so the other premise that you know some builders and buyers and and uh investors now have is those 9,000 applications uh with vibe coding being possible or engineering and some code generation uh some set of those are just going to be you know made on demand or you know in niche ways by every company. What's your take on this? and that and that's the way that this bank or whoever it is as a customer is going to get exactly what they want and they're not going to be horizontal more standardized or even vertical applications anymore. >> Yeah. But if you are you know trying to sell banks have huge budget for technology right so okay you used a V coding platform AB and C you created an app great so your app velocity has increased if you used MongoDB it accelerated just kidding okay but your app velocity is high got it but you still need that go to market channel how are you going to approach the bank and then what is your true disruptive way and then the bank will ask you hey we talk to regulators a lot more than we speak to our customers and vendors >> stuff >> uh yeah will will this work will it pass our regulatory test we need resiliency oh what do you mean you have just built in AWS it doesn't work in GCP I need multi cloud resiliency oh I really need for this banking application in onrem truly sandboxed or better way to say it is an air gap network. I mean these are like enterprise class things that you need where the TAM is. >> Mhm. >> Right. And so that's what could hold you up that is this truly an enterprise class application that you can go to a healthcare company or a public sector federal customer and do that. So yes, wipe coding will allow you to create an app fast. You have a great use case. You have some disruption in mind. That's excellent. But then there is a lot of things that you need from a go-to market perspective to be able to break in, pass all their checks, governance, security audits and things like that. >> You are and I want to talk about the decision to join and and and lead it in a minute, but um having worked at these platform companies that are incumbent, Service Now and Cloudfare and such, um what would you do if you were them or any other large enterprise software vendor today? What do you think is the the path to success five or 10 years from now that the investor community does not understand? >> Wow. What would I do if I was there so recently at Cloudflare? >> Um I I would say the TAM for these platforms still exist and the TAM is still large. So that's a good thing because if you feel like your TAM is decreasing or all of a sudden not relevant anymore, uh that's an issue. But whether it's MongoDB or anybody here who are working on their company. So I would say you really really need to understand what is that mode you have and you need to protect that mode or maybe strengthen that mode even more using AI. Whatever that mode is. Okay. If the mode is truly you are the platform you already have integrated with 50 different systems in that large healthcare company great why can't you now integrate with 100 more uh companies in there why can't you create additional products for additional use cases really fast using AI and continue to show I want to say reaceleration of growth that AI is really helping us innovate more and sell more because if you can't in if you say you're innovating more but you're not selling more then you have potentially issues no matter who you are any company I'm just it's a generic comment but can you innovate more can you disrupt within and can you sell more that's what if I'm an investor and you know we speak to investors all the time that's what they are looking for that hey would this will AI reacelerate this company's growth and unless you show reaceleration they're going to say Okay, maybe I'm neutral or in some extreme examples, I'm a bear. >> When you were at Service Now, you got a lot of calls for different jobs. And at CloudFare, you got a lot of calls from different jobs. I know because I I called you about several of them. >> There's actually been this big shift of dollars in the investor community. I'm really thinking about public markets, but also private markets from business software to essentially AI infrastructure. Yeah. Right. Um and the model layer um >> and maybe hyperscalers >> and hyperscalers. Yes. Um uh the data and developer infrastructure layer has not been the focus of those that dollar movement and you know you could have done any of these things. Um how did you think about what sectors would be long-term relevant and it sounds like you're pretty committed to being platform. So be a platform. Yeah, it's absolutely true that I I had choices and choices are always hard or I could have Cloudflare is a great company and I could have stayed at Cloudflare. Um, so from my perspective, the first thing I look for is that is there a durable TAM, right? And I started my career out of college with Oracle Corporation and understood how they scale the database platform truly created apps on top of it and bunch of other things during Oracle's organic growth days before they started buying uh various assets. Learned a lot on how did they really think about the database platform then the middleware then the application layer on top of it and so on. So one with Cloudflare having understanding of the database market large TAM uh that's great uh and then MongoDB is also a large TAM. So that's the sequencing between Cloudflare and MongoDB. Uh second with MongoDB when I truly talked to I want to say many many customers when I did my own diligence on MongoDB one of the surprises I had was missionritical apps whether it's a e-commerce app for a retailer or whether it's a commercial banking app or a healthcare app or an insurance claims processing app these are a very critical app and database industry Oracle will celebrate its 50th in year and a half. So it has been around for a long time >> 50 years. >> MongoDB has been a truly disruptive force with being created in 2007. So it's been only 18-ish years. So there is a large temp that could be disrupted whether you believe database market has been around 50 years or 60 years >> and MongoDB is truly the only disruptive force. And then the second thing I learned by speaking to some of the companies here in San Francisco area was that some of the digital natives uh around 2010 15 time frame and some of now the AI natives that I spoke to were building on top of MongoDB and I'm like wow okay so there is something and when the founders created the company they didn't know that hey this it was like almost accidental al that it will be full of unstructured data and you would want very high velocity and you will need to be able to search on this which is what AI application AI applications just the data is so messy >> and MongoDB is perfect for that so I said okay cloud transition is going on it's still going on when I speak to Fortune 500 I can tell you without hesitation they are all still talking about I need to move x% of apps to GCP AWS Azure some combination Alibaba in Europe whatever the case might So that's one but [clears throat] second AI transition has just started. So if cloud started with AWS we are in the almost approaching 20th year and it's still going on. AI will still go on and this is a layer you must have. That's it. So TAM must have layer no risk of disruption. I think it's actually a really interesting observation that in this clearly core and durable and very very large market the number of like pervasive disruptive technologies is very few over many decades right and so there's more to do >> with that starting point >> the previous CEO Dave wonderful human being told me that CJ you know that there have many attempts have been made by many folks to create next version of database and this and that or next disruptive data database. Nobody has passed billion and definitely nobody has passed two billion and MongoDB did that. So there's something special there. >> When you when you think about the like investor focus on the model layer versus the application layer or the anxiety they're they're anxious about the the SAS applications. They're anxious about data infrastructure because they're you know it feels like the way you build applications is still evolving very quickly. Okay. Right. >> Yep. >> Um, and tell me if you disagree with any of these assumptions. Uh, and then they're anxious about the AI native companies because they're worried that all of the value ends up in the models. So, I just feel like it's a very anxious investor environment overall. >> That's the bare thesis, right? >> That is the bare thesis, but I I think it is like the dominant thesis right now in the >> dominant thesis. Okay. >> Uh, well, you know, change my mind on the assumptions. what do you feel like more confident on you know uh uh in terms of um ways in which applications will be valuable in the future >> just even speaking to since 2022 I think that's probably a very uh pivotal moment with the chat GPT in the fall >> since 2022 now we are 3 years plus in that journey I can I have never seen this because it's been pretty uh static for a while. The future of software is in question. is definitely in question and this is from the investor community but also customers that are asking hey should I use X or should I use Y and whatever right so definitely it is a very pivotal moment on the software stack and then you look at the software stack and you say okay what is the one thing that will always be there I mean LLMs will be there uh for the software stack for foreseeable future when you are truly building AI application that rely on that stack and even you have seen lot of innovations in you look at XAI came from nowhere kind of and how well they are doing overall but that stack will be there in the agentic software framework so that's a constant and the data layer has to be there because you need to store data somewhere so the data layer has to be there. So that's the second one. Everything you know uh that is around that that's going to evolve and you better show true value on whether you use the platform analogy or whatever whether it's the top layer of the stack where you really understand use case for the insurance industry and you are building an AI native company for the insurance industry. Insurance industry has multitude of use cases. You say okay please move from old SAS X to new Y and this new Y the speed to value is going to be this fast and we will always be ahead and things that you thought were not possible with the old SAS are now possible because of AI. So that use case focus on the top layer besides the LLM and the data layer uh will still always be critical. has startup and individual developer customers all the way to Fortune 10. >> Yeah. >> Almost all of them. Um, uh, what do you hear from the, you know, buyers and builders at the very largest companies in terms of their real perspective on like AI value and what they're excited about or skeptical about now? >> Yeah. So, I would say I feel it's a total failure of a week if I don't speak to at least 10 customers a week. that requires a lot of prep, a lot of follow-up, but it's usually at least 10. Okay. And so I'm constantly getting this data points and trying to do pattern matching on what's going on. Um the first thing I would say is that when you think about Fortune 500 global 2000 and the community there, some of them are here. Uh it is still still not moving very fast. A lot of them tried with the office productivity type co-pilots. >> Unclear how much value they got out of it. They're like, "Okay, this really works with my Excel or you know, can I really do this thing or create a PowerPoint slide using natural language?" Uh, the feedback is not great on the value they got. The feedback on coding assistance that kind of took off in 2024 in a meaningful way very very positive 2024 and 20 started with GitHub copilot then few others all the way to Anthropic uh and so on. So 2025 was a breakthrough year from my perspective on the coding assistance and that's still going on. I get very positive feedback from customers. Hey, I'm using this particular coding assistant or this one and it has improved the innovation, velocity, security, whatever I'm looking at and so on. And then people are still tinkering around customer support. um you know that and on customer support they're like okay truly if I'm a large say telco or I'm a large healthcare company can that fully be done on this AI native company that does customer not there yet right they are going after initial use cases and that's great in certain industries and [snorts] >> you mean the endto-end customer experience >> end to end customer experience and the question that I get from these customers they asked me my perspective on SAS um is that should I think about this AI native company and customer support as an end or an or >> Mhm. >> So I have a system of record on one of the companies for customer support and >> we can say Salesforce. >> Yeah. >> Yes. Um Salesforce and if I'm using >> Yeah. and I'm using I have this disruptive company that came and said they can solve these problems uh do these support cases should I think about that as an and or an or ask them the same questions you know we use these systems of record SAS systems of record and when somebody comes and says I'm like are you a layer on the top of system of record or you can replace the whole because you will have my attention as a leader if you say I'm going to replace it it's going to be cheaper it's going to be faster is going to be better and oh by the way I have disrupted pricing and for the value you get that's when you pay me the money that's a conversation I'll have every single day >> that that's a very surprising attitude actually I I mean I I think it is risk-taking and the value that you're asking for is much higher but you're showing openness to you know a lot of pain or you know uh being willing to ignore a bunch of the sunk cost of the implementation of the systems you already have >> yes >> um and having built systems of record yourself you think that's feasible that other people will do that too >> I mean absolutely if you are you know our CIO here is in the audience deepa and when we have this conversation she gets approached by AI native companies daily multiple times a day [laughter] uh and uh when she comes and asks me how do you think about that whether it's for go to market sales marketing whatever the case might be I said this is how I think about it that if this allows us to hire fewer our people makes our people more efficient then we will use that budget and I want to be AI first organization on behalf of MongoDB to say we are transforming our business not making just productive productive is okay but we are transforming our business using AI >> I I think that's really interesting because a lot of the uh conventional wisdom would be the system of record is so embedded that you're going to come in with a wedge or a layer on top >> um and like that is different from what you're describing which is I'm going to sell platform and I'm willing to buy a platform if the use case is good enough. >> That's correct. Um but I actually think you know go coming full circle that's a very interesting opportunity for you know MongoDB in particular because the like one of the reasons you might actually replace these systems of record in this age is you want to keep much richer information about interactions or whatever else it is in your in your system of record and uh it's messy it's got to something right it might not be Oracle anymore. >> Yeah. I was talking to a European retailer uh day before yesterday at NRF in New York and they said they tried bunch of systems of record for ERP expensive failed implementations lots lots of issues on supply chain all the way to financials and decided they're going to invest in just building it themselves and they are building that on MongoDB and I mean that's a great use case and I'm like okay you had me at hello and uh uh to do that but if these kind of organizations are going to transforms within or disrupt within I asked uh Deepa our CIO the same question that are there things that we can build ourselves to disrupt within on MongoDB. So that's the story and the compelling value we can articulate also to our customers. >> Uh I want to take the last um couple minutes that we have together to talk a little bit about like leadership especially as a product person. I I think of you, you know, first and of course as a CEO, but first and foremost as an extraordinary product person. Um I do think you talk a lot more about business strategy and have for the you know decade I've known you um than many product people like when did you start thinking about that as a product and engineering person because when you you're talking about defensibility modes like how people buy you and I don't know that's that's a that's a lot of business orientation for somebody who's also you know thinking about the product itself >> I think it was um our CEO at the time was John Thompson at Semantic and this was early 2005ish time frame and I learned a lot from him and specifically his bar on how you interact with customers, how you sell to them, how you serve them, how you show up in front of them was very very high. And through my early career as a product person, I was director of product management. I still remember uh I made a huge impression on me and then >> and how was it higher than other people's right because I think everybody would be like oh I'm going to be a high quality product director. >> Yeah. Um what he basically taught me Sarah was hey when you speak to customers not only you ask them how we can serve you better but ask them hey what other problems they are having what pain points they are having and you fly there you meet them you have coffee with them whatever it is truly understand because it allows you to see around the corner >> and you cannot be a great pro one of the best advice he gave me you cannot be a great products and engineering person unless less you speak to customers all the time. Okay, all the time because that will allow you to not only do a pattern match but see around the corner. So even when we have a platform story and I'll say hey this is what u this another retailer at NRF in New York on Monday or Sunday I met him and he's a CTO reports to the CEO and I said oh so you use MongoDB for your ecom application he said yep we're very happy ecom is 20% of our revenue I said great uh do you know that you are not using our search uh do you know we also have vector search he's like oh I didn't know that my does my team know that and we are following up with him. But this kind of like having that customer intimacy makes you much better of a product person. I would say any product person who thinks as you build they will come. >> Mhm. >> That does not happen and that gives you the orientation that how do they think about deploying your product? How long will it take uh to deploy that product? How much value they expect? And these people I never say that a large bank has bought say service now or cloudflare. I will say it is Jeremy at this large bank who made a bet on cloudflare for example. So that has been for last many many years that has given me lot of on how do sales teams show up, how do we price the customers, uh if something bad happens, an outage happens or something, how do we show up uh during the crisis? Those are the things that have really made me very very grounded product person and understanding the go to market channel and the business strategy. Some of the step function jumps that you know uh a lot of SAS and infrastructure companies don't make are from a single product to multiple products right or maybe it's because they were never platforms to begin with but let's say like [clears throat] to multi-product >> um and then also you know it's technology transitions right like got Atlas to be great and dominant but >> it was a question at some point I don't know if we're allowed to say that right and you know many companies >> struggle through the cloud transition will now have to address the the AI transition. Um what do you think differentiates like a product and engineering organization that does it versus fails? >> Yeah, you get comfortable and I still remember we were early on service now on AI and when I'll speak to our engineering team they're like oh this is just something that's out there not sure and I said no not leaning in is not an option. >> Mhm. not Ling this is a platform whether it matures two years from now or four years from now we have to do that so I think it is a more of a change management thing because if you are doing something really really well >> I mean I'm going to date myself you think about Nokia handsets they were doing really really well >> and even if you think about Blackberry do you know that when actually iPhone launched I think I want to say three or five quarters after now after the iPhone Blackberry was still selling a lot and was not being disrupted until it got really disrupted. So this transitions you know is a more of a change management thing and that's when you achieve the staff function to say like MongoDB did the atlas transition or multiloud transition nicely and they have to do the AI transition nicely. Fortunately, a lot of architectural advantages are there, but they still have to nail it and get the trust information from the customer and that's when it happens. Otherwise, you are on the bare thesis that I'm not sure and the only way you prove investors wrong on the bare thesis because sometimes they don't get it right by reacelerating and showing that hey, now we are back. We're out on time here, but and and but I think this is such an interesting question of uh can the incumbents get AI right or not. Um and one of the dynamics that I think is worrying people is one of the ways you sell as a very large incumbent is you bundle a bunch of products together. >> Yes. >> And then you call a piece of the product that may or may not be working for customers cloud or you call it AI and you do like let's say a bunch of like pricing hy jinks to like make the number. Um, and I I look at this and I think it's so interesting because so many talented people work at any of these incumbents. And so my observation would be you absolutely need people who are committed to those transitions. A leader with you know innovation as their like um north star and you also need like some guard rails for intellectual honesty in the organization between what like what is working for the 10 customers [clears throat] you talk to every week and the street. >> Yeah. Right. I agree and the only thing I would say that's why even uh MongoDB published our Q3 results I got asked this question over and over again. Is this because of AI? And I said absolutely not. Yes. Uh >> you're not allowed [laughter] to say that. >> Yeah. No, I said this is our core and our core on CNBC I said it's our core. Yes, we have AI native companies building on MongoDB and we have hundreds of them. But that's not because once then I give them x% of this is how I think about AI native companies then they're like you can optimize for that. >> Yeah. Yeah. And then you go into a different cycle and I said yes you know whenever they do something at scale because let's look at it like if you think about however you define success for AI native companies whether it's 100 million AR R billion AR R pick one there are like 10 companies like that today. Mhm. >> Today, right? There are not that many companies and if there are not that many successful companies, they won't have a lot of data. Some of them who have data uh do use MongoDB, right? So, from my standpoint, this will be an end, not an or that when AI wave really takes off that will of course add, but our core data platform and core business is still growing. That's the answer I gave because that was the truth. >> Thank you so much for doing this. >> Yes. And thank you very much. I really appreciate it. Thank you. [applause] Find us on Twitter at no prior pod. [music] Subscribe to our YouTube channel if you want to see our faces. Follow the show on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you listen. That way you get a new episode every week. And sign up for emails or find transcripts [music] for every episode at no-priers.com.
