---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: MDB
title: "What's Goin on With MongoDB Stock? | MDB Stock Analysis | Growth Stocks"
channel: "Parkev Tatevosian, CFA"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: aVLxhb0fUBs
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aVLxhb0fUBs
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# What's Goin on With MongoDB Stock? | MDB Stock Analysis | Growth Stocks

**Channel**: Parkev Tatevosian, CFA  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aVLxhb0fUBs

## Transcript

MongoDB stock is underperforming the S&P 500 index this year. It's down several percentage points while the S&P is up several percentage points. And I'm not surprised about that. When I revisited MongoDB stock a couple of months ago, I told investors not to buy this stock because the valuation seemed too expensive for what you were getting in return for this business. And so fast forward a few months later, and I thought it'd be a good time to revisit MongoDB, understand what's going on with this stock, and determine whether or not the stock is still a hold in my rating or if I'm upgrading this stock to a buy right now. I want to thank the Mly Full for sponsoring this video. Visit full.com/parkev for the 10 best stocks to buy now. Right. So, I wanted to evaluate MongoDB's latest results, and I'm going to look at the company's quarterly earnings call transcript here to determine its latest progress. The management team said that they generated revenue of around 550 million, which was a 20% year-over-year increase and above the higher end of their guidance. management told investors a range of where they thought their revenue would fall in line and they turned out to deliver better than what they said they were going to do and that's usually a good sign when things turn out better than what management was forecasting. Now, I will say that's not always the case, right? You have some companies that consistently, meaning every quarter for 5 years or more even, sometimes outperform their revenue expectations and profit expectations. And that just tells me that the management team is in the habit of giving revenue forecasts and profit forecasts that are too low and then they beat those forecasts. I don't like to see that either. I I don't like to see either end of that. I don't like to see when managements give overly optimistic targets and then miss those targets consistently like Tesla does always giving overly optimistic targets for products and revenue and growth and then consistently missing those targets. I don't like to see that. And I also don't like to see companies that are in the in the habit of underforing and then beating those forecasts. meaning their forecasts were too conservative. I don't like to see either end of that. I like to see management teams that give accurate forecasts. Accuracy should be the aim when you're forecasting, not being conservative or optimistic. And there and then you can allow analysts like myself to better make decisions because we have accurate numbers. If you're not giving accurate numbers and I have to always make adjustments from your forecasts, it makes it a lot more difficult on me, which makes my job harder, which I assign a greater risk to that stock because I have a harder time forecasting what the actual numbers are going to be. So, I have to assign a larger margin of safety and therefore a larger risk for the business. So accuracy should be the key for management teams. The company's Atlas segment revenue grew 24%. It now represents 71% of overall revenue. Non-GAAP operating income came in at 113 million and that was good enough for a 21% operating profit margin. Something that was a little bit disappointing a little bit later on in this conference call transcript because I read the whole thing. Um the management team is forecasting in the next fiscal year that their non-GAAP operating profit margin is going to decline from this 21% number. I was a little disappointed to see that the company ended the quarter with over 54,500 customers and they crossed the 2 billion revenue mark. two billion annualized is what they mean there while growing 19% and they're roughly 20 times the size they were before they went public. So they've experienced rapid growth and rapid development and investors have paid a premium for this stock. As of this recording, MongoDB stock is trading at a forward price to earnings of nearly 71. That's a premium valuation. The average stock in the S&P 500 is trading at a forward PE of around 22. By the way, this chart I'm getting from fiscal.ai. There's a link in the description if you're interested to uh see these charts from this company. As they said earlier, their quarter played out better than their expectations and consumption growth remained stable compared to last year. Retention rates remain strong in their Q4, demonstrating the quality of their products. Another slightly disappointing forecast was the management saying that they expect the benefits of artificial intelligence to be only modestly incremental to revenue growth in fiscal year 2026. This as many businesses are reporting substantial growth as a result of artificial intelligence. MongoDB only expecting modestly incremental revenue growth from AI in 2025. Their pilots demonstrated that AI tooling combined with services can reduce the cycle time of modernization. They also said that they finished the year with 320 customers over 1 million in annual recurring revenue. That's a growth rate of 24%. So if you compare this to the overall company's revenue growth rate of 20%. The largest customers of MongoDB are increasing their spending with MongoDB compared to overall you're seeing smaller businesses not increasing their spending by as much. And that's been what I've seen lately. And that's been really, if you zoom out and you look at overall economic growth, when interest rates are higher, as they have been since 2022, bigger companies have an easier time compared to when interest rates are near zero. Smaller companies have an easier time. Bigger companies have more established businesses. They usually have stronger balance sheets with more money in the balance sheet and therefore they can withstand the higher interest rates better than smaller companies sometimes with troubled balance sheets with negative cash flow and so they cannot continue to fund the business with those negative cash flows when interest rates are much higher. So they bring down their growth investments during times of high interest rates and that allows larger companies to retain more of their market share. It makes it harder for disruptive companies to come in and take market share away from larger companies and I'm seeing that across the board uh not just with what MongoDB is saying. Right? So, I calculated a fair value of this business as well using my proprietary discounted cash flow valuation model. And I find this business should be worth about $105 a share. Even though I'm forecasting robust growth in their free cash flows over these next several years, I see the business as being overvalued at the current market price of $29 a share. But this is a fast growing business and I can understand paying a premium valuation for this business. I just feel like the premium is a little too large at the moment. So to update my recommendation for MongoDB stock, I'm reiterating my hold rating for the company. I want to see a little more from this business before I pay this super premium price for access to its growth prospects. And this document I was reading from was the company's latest earnings call transcript. This highlighted document as well as others are available to my channel members. You can join for less than $5 a month. Hey everyone, I'm excited to announce that my book is finally available for sale. I've been working on it for more than a year now. So, I'm really excited to finally share this with you. Now, it goes through my framework for evaluating stocks. Some of you often ask why I like this stock or why I like the other stock. And this framework provides you the things that I look at when I'm evaluating stocks. I've added the link in the description below.
