---
ticker: ZOMATO.NS
type: youtube
title: "Zomato’s Business Model EXPLAINED – Should You Invest in Eternal Ltd?"
channel: "CA Somil Singh"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2pXI0BGvkxE
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 26718
---

# Zomato’s Business Model EXPLAINED – Should You Invest in Eternal Ltd?

## 视频信息
- **频道**: CA Somil Singh
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2pXI0BGvkxE

## 转录全文

Hi Everyone, I am CS Ovar Singh and welcome to the first episode of my new series Incredible Giants Deep Dice Into India's Public Limited Company. We often talk about investing companies. We talk all the time but we really go deep to understand how they really make money and what challenges they face.  This series will cover this gap. We will understand the businesses from within so that when an opportunity comes in the market, you take decisions based on your understanding of the business and not just on the price. Today we will talk about Eternal Limited.  You may not have heard the name but you use its brands every day. Platforms like Zomato BKin District. In this video we will understand how the story of First Company started?  How it became a digital giant.  Second, how the business model of each segment of the company operates and functions.  Third, how is the segment wise and overall financial performance going ?  Fourth, competition and the challenges faced by the company.  And why do market experts consider this company a long-term wealth creation stock? Can this stock find a place in your investment portfolio?  Let's start with the story of Eternal Limited. Zomato was started in 2008 when Deepinder Goyal and Pankaj Adda created a simple restaurant discovery platform called FoodPe.  In 2010 this company became Zomato.  It was just a platform to display menus. In 2015, Zomato officially entered the food delivery space. In 2017, they created their own delivery feed and began expanding rapidly.  In 2019, Zomato acquired Uber Eats India, which significantly increased its market share. Zomato's IPO came in 21 and crossed the valuation of Rs 1 lakh crore on the day of listing itself. Zomato acquired Blinkt in 22. 10 Minute Grocery Delivery Business. In 24, it acquired Paytm's ticketing business and launched District App.  The company changed its name to Eternal Limited and now it has become a multi-business lifestyle. In short, this is the journey from a discovery platform to food delivery and then to becoming a multi-lifestyle ecosystem.  Now we will understand in detail the business model of each vertical of Eternal Limited.  We will understand the high business model systematically in three parts. Revenue Streams Cost Structure and its Key Players.  Let's start with Zomato the Ford Delivery segment of Eternal Limited.  Revenue Streams of Zomato.  Streams may broadly divide into two major sources. Customers and restaurants.  Revenue from customers.  Zomato earns money from customers primarily in two ways. First delivery charges.  When a customer orders food from Zomato, they are charged separately for delivery.  This charge varies depending on the distance, order value and delivery speed.  Second is platform fee.  In some cities, Joto also charges a small platform fee from the customer which is mentioned separately in the order bill. Revenue from restaurants.  Restaurants pay Zomato a commission of around 50 to 25% on their sales when an order is placed through Zomato. This is Zomato's primary revenue source. Apart from this, many restaurants also pay Zomato for paid advertisements to increase their visibility and get top listed on Zomato.  Cost Structure of Zomato.  Zomato pays out its delivery partners on a per-order basis. Secondly, Zomato also offers platform-funded discounts to attract new customers and retain existing ones.  Thirdly, payment gateway charges, customer support costs and delivery partner onboarding are also major expenses for the company.  The key players of Zomato are customers, restaurants and delivery partners. Be it customers or urban convenience driven people who prefer fast and reliable food delivery. Restaurants that are listed through Zomato to increase their sales. Delivery partners who execute Zomato's daily order deliveries. So Zomato's food delivery business is a balanced commission driven modern one. Where technology and sales together drive the company's growth.  LinkIt The Quick Commerce Segment of Eternal Limited.  Let's look at its revenue streets.  Blinkit 's revenue also comes mainly from two sources. Customers and Sellers.  Just like the Zomato food delivery segment.  Lynk also charges delivery charges from customers and earns money from commissions from vendors and advertising costs. But there is a simple difference here.  Restaurants send their food to Zomato. Whereas in Blinkit, sellers sell their daily grocery items and essential items.  Like a grocery store does.  So the model, especially the revenue model, is similar here.  Delivery charges from us and commission sellers.  Only the products are different.  Cost Structure Running Blinkit also involves significant costs. Let's see.  Cost of the first Pink store. Blinkett keeps its stock in small storage locations called dark stores.  It takes genuine staff and systems to run the store. Cause of second thing delivery.  When we place an order, Blinkit pays the delivery partners to make the delivery. This also includes delivery bike, petrol and payment to the delivery boy.  Third being the cost of managing stock. Properly managing stock in dark stores, keeping it fresh and restocking it on time. All this also costs a lot for Blinkit. Fourth, B. Cost of bringing in new customers. Blinkit also heavily promotes ads and discounts to attract new customers. Who are the key players? Blinkit's key players are its customers.  Those people who order small things like milk, bread, fruits again and again every day.  These people use Blinkit for fast delivery and easy shopping. Second being sellers who sell their products through the Blinkit app. Blinkit's app helps in delivering its products to people very quickly. Third being delivery partners and store teams.  People who pack Blinkit orders and deliver them to homes.  These people run the entire delivery system fast and smoothly.  Blinkit completely depends on speed, convenience and easy availability of stock.  District the going out and entertainment segment of Eternal Limited.  The New comes from multiple sources. Which we can understand in two broad categories. Revenue from Customer Activities and Revenue from Business Partnerships.  First revenue from customer activities.  When a movie, concert or live event ticket is booked through the District platform.   The district earns tickets and margins from there.  That means a small profit is earned on every ticket. This is direct revenue that comes after customer bookings. Now let's understand what comes under revenue from business partnerships. Dining Experience Bookings are when customers book restaurant tables or special dining experiences on the District platform.  The district earns a commission from the restaurant on every booking.  Event Management Fee, What is Event Management Fee ?  When the district itself sponsors or manages an event.  For events like concerts, sports events or large dining festivals, the district receives management fees from event partners.  And what happened to paid advertising revenue? Restaurants, event organizers and brands pay extra for their ads and top listings on District's platform to increase their visibility.  Let's look at the cost structure.  The district's major expenditures come from three major areas. Customer acquisition cost, technology platform cost and event execution cost.  What is customer acquisition cost ?  The marketing and promotional activities undertaken to attract new customers are customer acquisition costs. What is technology platform cost ?  Maintain and upgrade the district's tech platform. This includes websites, mobile apps and back-end systems.   There is continuous investment.  Lastly Event Execution Cost.  When the district manages an event itself, the company bears the cost of planning, staging, logistics and ground level management of that event. Key players are customers and partners.  Customers include those who make dining bookings and purchase event tickets, and partners include PVR, Neapolis, IPL teams, event organisers, and the district. But District is building India's leading entertainment and dining out platform.  Hyperpure is the B2B and Business to Business supply segment of Eternal Limited.  Hyperpure 's revenue comes from two major sources. Revenue from restaurant supply sales and revenue from logistics services. What is revenue from restaurant supply sales?  Hyper Pure delivers fresh ingredients, packaged foods, kitchen essentials and cleaning supplies directly to restaurants. Hyperpure earns revenue from every sale. What is revenue from logistics services?  In some cases, Hyperpure also provides logistics services between restaurants and suppliers. Where Hyperpure offers delivery, warehousing or transportation sessions. Cost structure.  The major cost of hypercure is incurred in certain areas.  Such as inventory management cost, working capital cost and warehousing and logistics cost.  What are inventory management costs?  The company has to store fresh and non-perishable items in its warehouses. Timely procurement and handling of these products is a major expense.  What is working capital cost ?  Hyperpure has to maintain its own upfront stock to supply restaurants on time, which is capital intensive.  This is the continuous cash requirement cost. What are warehousing and logistics costs? Operating warehouses, managing inventory and last-mind delivery logistics. These daily operational costs are an important part of the hyperpurity expense structure. Key players are restaurant partners and farmers and producers. What are the restaurant partners who regularly source from Hyper Pure for their daily supplies and kitchens?  Farmers &amp; Brands &amp; Producers are the ones who provide Hyperpure with raw materials, freshly produced packaged goods and kitchen supplies.  So Hyperpure 's focus is to seamlessly solve the restaurant sourcing supply chain.  This business is directly becoming the backbone of the daily operations of restaurants. Where Hyperpure ensures quality products reach the restaurants on time and reliably. Let's understand this energy across verticals.  All the businesses of Eternal Limited are deeply interconnected. Zomato restaurants source ingredients and supplies directly from Hyperpure. Due to which quality improves and repeat orders increase.  Hyperpure 's warehouses support Blinkit's dark store operations.  This improves back end logistics and cost efficiency through joint warehousing.  Bit uses Zomato's delivery team and Zomato's delivery planning systems for its fast deliveries.  Now let us understand the financials of Eternal Limited.  First of all let's talk about consolidated performance.  That is, when we look at the entire business together. In FY24, the company earned net sales or revenue of ₹114 crore. And by the end of financial year 25, Eternal Limited has crossed the revenue of Rs 20243 crore.  There has been a tremendous growth of 67% in revenue in just one year. If you look at the trend of the last few years, the company's revenue has increased by more than 108% from financial year 21 to financial year 25. Which clearly shows that the growth is consistent and the scale has become quite large.  Now let's move on to profitability.  First of all, EBIC means Earnings Before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortization. In simple words, this is the actual operational income of the business.  Without any financial or accounting adjustments.  The company has been loss making in financial year 21 to 23.  But in FY24, Eternal earned EBITDA of Rs 42 crore and in FY25 it jumped to Rs 637 crore.  A growth of ₹146%.  This means that the operational efficiency of the company has improved significantly.  Now it is important to understand two things here.  EBITDA Growth Percentage and EBITDA Margin Percentage. EBITDA growth percentage tells how much percentage EBITDA has increased compared to the previous year. So the jump of 1446% from FY 24 to 25 shows that the company made a massive turnaround.  EBITDA margin percentage means how much of the company's total revenue is left in the form of profit.  This margin was 3.15% in FY25.  This means on ₹100 revenue the company is earning 3.15% revenue operational profit.  Now let's talk about the final profit PAT i.e. profit after tax. This was also negative from financial year 21 to 23. PAT was Rs 351 crore in FY24 and reached Rs 527 crore in FY25. Its growth rate was 50% which is also solid.  But pack margin stood at 2.6% in FY25, slightly lower than EBITDA margin percentage of 3.15%. Now let us understand the segment wise financials of the group starting with Zomato. In FY25, Zomato recorded a GOV gross order value of ₹38,646 crore.  That food orders worth this much amount were placed through the platform.  But after deducting discounts, the net order value (NOV) remaining was Rs 32,862 crore.  We can also call this NOV as Actual Customer Spend.  Meaning the money that people gave in real.  A small example to understand this.  If someone placed an order of ₹500, Zomato gave a discount of ₹50 and ₹30 more was deducted from the bank offer. So the customer finally paid ₹420. So GOV becomes ₹500 and NOB becomes ₹420. Which is a more relevant figure for the business because that is the actual money that comes into the system. Based on the last quarter of FY25, Zomato's adjusted EBITDA reached an annualized level of Rs 1,700 crore.  That means, if the company had continued at this pace throughout the year, it would have generated a profit of Rs 1700 crore.  This gives an idea of ​​the current business momentum.  Talking about cash, the total cash balance of Eternal Group was around Rs 18824 crore at the end of FY25, in which stable segments like Zomato have made a strong contribution.  The growth and scale were also impressive. Customers increased from 14.7 million to 20.6 million, which is a solid 40% growth. Talking about restaurant partners, it increased from 1.8 lakh to 2.97 lakh.  Again around 65% growth and delivery partners from 2.85 lacs to 4.73 lacs which is around 66% growth.  So Zomato has expanded on all three fronts – demand, supply and delivery. Today, this segment has become a reliable and profitable foundation for Eternal.  X segment is blinked the quick commerce rocket. In FY25, Blinkit's cross order value (GOV) reached ₹28,273 crore, registering a growth of over 127% compared to ₹1,469 crore last year. After discounts, NOV that is net order value was recorded at Rs 22371 crore.  Again with 113% year on year growth.  This vertical Eternal Clay has become the fastest growing business. Talking about profitability, Blinkit's adjusted EBITDA in FY25 was still negative 1%. But in FY23 it was negative 15.7% which clearly shows the loss is narrowing every year.  The major reason for the loss is that the company has made heavy investments.  Open new stores , expand warehouses and earn offers to onboard new customers. KL's growth has also been aggressive. Monthly transacting customers increased from 2.9 million to 10.2 million.  The 3.5X jump store count also increased from 377 to 301.  We are also expanding our footprint in 3.4x growth cities from 19 cities earlier to 100+ cities now. Now this store not only delivers groceries but also puja items, stationery, snacks, kitchen goods, electronics and everything else, that too within 10 minutes.  The company's target at the end of financial year 2025 is to have 2000 stores operational by December 2025. So for now, Blinkit is in the red, but the speed of customer growth and footprint expansion shows that it can become a strong long-term strategic bet. Number three is district.  The Going Out Experience.  The district's gross order value reached Rs 7,796 crore in FY25.  Which was a jump of 142% from last year's Rs 325 crore. Net order value after discounts was recorded at Rs 668 crore and revenue increased to Rs 737 crore.  Showing a sharp 186% year on year growth.  This jump came majorly because in August 2024, the company acquired Paytm's entertainment ticketing business. Which included ticketing rights for events like movies, concerts, IPL matches. But despite this high growth district, its adjusted EBITDA was negative 5% in FY25.  That means the business is still in loss.  The reason for the loss is that the company is investing in scaling new categories. Such as sports events, theatre shows and on-ground experiences.  Scale metrics also show expansion.  The business has now expanded beyond dining out to movies, live concerts, IPL and po-produced events.  The platforms have partnerships with major movie chains like PVR, Inox, Cinepolis.  The district also has exclusive ticketing rights for multiple IPL teams.  The says that District will continue to grow at 40% plus in the next two years and when these categories mature, it will also start contributing profits.  Now coming to our final segment, Hyperpure the B2B backbone reached revenue of Rs 6196 crore in FY25, which was almost a 95% jump from Rs 3172 crore last year.  If we compare it with FY22, the company has grown its revenue by more than 11x in just 3 years. If we talk about profitability, it is also improving significantly here. EBITDA around was negative 26% in FY22 and only negative 1% in FY25.  This means that losses have almost been eliminated and now the business is near breakeven. According to the company, this improvement has come from two reasons.  Higher throughput. Higher the order volume, better is the utilization of warehouses and delivery.  Second is better margins.   The company has now introduced more high value added and high margin products.   The scale is also getting quieter stronger.  1 lakh plus unique restaurant outlets have been built. Hyperpure has established its presence in 11 warehouses and eight cities.  And the strategic angle is that Hyper Pure is very closely linked with Zomato because better supply has a direct impact on food quality, better delivery consistency and rest on satisfaction.  In consolidated view, Eternal Limited is now a profitable multi vertical company.  Food delivery is generating stable profits.  Blink is scaling. District is growing and Hyper Pure margins are improving.   The balance sheet is also strong.  The company is dept free.  The working capital cycle is negative.  Which is a good thing for company. 8500 crore has been raised from QIP. From the valuation angle, the PE ratio is around 300X which is quite expensive.  But this is because the company has just recently turned profitable and the market is pricing in its growth potential. Competitive Landscape.  First of all, let's talk about the food delivery space where Zomato has direct competition with Swiggy.  And in some connected cities, ONDC is also now creating challenges. In markets like Bor, ONDC captured up to 20% share of food delivery orders. But at the national level, Zomato and SGI still do not have a duo.  The market is high frequency and low margin. On an average order, both companies bear delivery costs of a few ₹.  While the margins are very thin.  Rest on commission ranges between 18 to 28% and delivery fee cut is also only 5 to 8%. Delivery speed and pricing are the real differentiators in this game.  SGI's average delivery time is around 32 to 33 minutes and it is known for fast and reliable delivery. Zomato also launched Quick Service to improve its delivery speed. Whichever platform can maintain the balance of quick and cheap delivery will emerge ahead in the market shelf.  Now let's talk about the quick common delivery space where Blinkit has direct competition with SGI instagram and Zptoto.  This race has become even more intense in metro and tier one cities like Delhi, Mumbai and Bor.  As of today, Blinkit has captured around 44 to 46% market share.  Followload by ZPTO 30% and Insta approximately 23 to 26%.  The real differentiation in this segment comes from delivery speed, store network coverage, user base and growth momentum. Blinted completes deliveries in an average of 8 to 9 minutes and is the fastest among six major cities.  Instagram's average delivery time is between 10 and 15 minutes, and Zpto also completes its delivery in around 10 minutes. Talking about the user base, blink has 8.9 million monthly active users and 6.2 million daily active users which is the highest in this segment.  Blinket is also ahead in growth momentum with Instagram having a daily average user base of around 1.1 million and Zepto having around 4.9 million. ZPTO's gross order value grew by 25% between Quarter One and FY26.  Whereas Instagram showed growth of 22%.  Depto has slowed down its expansion to focus on profitability.  So when we evaluate companies on parameters like delivery speed, user adoption and growth rate, Blinkit clearly excels in many parameters.  The platform that maintains a balance between all these and optimizes both customer experience and efficiency will be the real winner in this race in the long run.  After delivery, let us come to another fast-glowing segment which is ticketing business.  District faces its competition against Book My Show and regional ticketing apps.  But the district's strong differentiator is its large-scale partnerships and exclusive event access.  There are many shows and events that are available only on the district platform which gives them an edge against the competition. After entertainment, let's move on to the B2B supply segment. Hyperpure operates in a largely fragmented and unorganized market.  There are small supply chains here and local vendors dominate.  But Hyperpure's strengths are scale, supply consistency and single window sourcing.  This makes them strong against unorganized competitors as restaurants require reliable and consistent efficient sourcing.  Apart from the core businesses, Aterm Limited is also experiencing an evolving segment in 10-minute hot food delivery through Blinked Bistro. This is a rapidly growing space which has already become very competitive with players like Lepto Cafe, Swiggy, Bolt, Ola, Dush and many other hyper local startups which are actively expanding. This is a dynamic and operationally challenging battlefield in which Eternal is currently trying to strengthen its position. I will cover this segment in my next video.  So stay tune for an update.  Let us look at some of the challenges and risks faced by the company.   The first challenge is that of thin margins. Services like QuickCommerce operate on razor thin margins.  If operational costs rise, it becomes difficult for businesses like Blinkett to achieve profitable scale. Margin pressure is another real-time challenge.  Keeping delivery partners happy. Balancing the satisfaction of the delivery partner is a tricky game. If they are given higher payouts, the company's margins get hurt.  If the payout is kept low, delivery partners may leave and join the competition.  Which has a direct impact on customer experience. After operational pressures come regulatory challenges which make these businesses more complex.  Turnal Limited's businesses depend heavily on delivery feeds and real-time customer data.  There is regulatory risk here. Social Security Compliance Related to Gig Workers.  EV adoption deadlines, data privacy losses.  These new compliance requirements directly impact and put pressure on the company's daily operations. Quality control is also a critical risk, especially for platforms like blink and Zomato, given all the business complexities.  Especially for blink, blink has become a direct entry gate for new brands to get the best customer access. But it is the company's responsibility to strictly monitor product quality and regulatory standards. If wrong or non-compliant products appear on the platform, the company will have to face direct legal and reputational risks.  So the risk for Eternal Limited is not just limited to competition. Margins, delivery partner satisfaction, regulatory compliance and product quality all need to be managed together to build a sustainable long term successful company.  Now let us understand how market experts and brokerage houses view the future prospects of External Limited. Motilal Oswal gives a Buy rating to Eternal in its May 2025 report on S and believes that the stock can become a multi-year compounding opportunity.  The brokerage said Blinkit 's scale now appears sustainable and Zomato's sports delivery margins have finally stabilized.  This vertical integration across Itel's businesses gives them a strong long-term competitive edge.  He specifically highlighted that cross-energy verticals like Hyper Pure District will strengthen the company's profitability. ICICI Securities has maintained buy rating on Eternal Limited with a target price of ₹30 for June 2025. It says that Eternal's balance sheet is strong and the company's cash flow situation is improving rapidly.  Linkt's quick commerce model and hyperpure B2B expansion are key growth drivers according to ICICI Eternal that will uplift future margins.  It has also expressed confidence in the steady state profitability of the food delivery business and innovative models like Brinkt Bisto have been considered an important part of Eternal's future scale. May 2025 Report on HDFC Securities S. HDFC Securities has a reduce rating on Eternal Ltd with a target price of ₹220.  HDFC's major concern is that Blinkit's aggressive dark store expansion is increasing near-term losses. Blinkett's quarterly loss has been in the 425th financial year.  Which is a cash burn concern for HDFC.  According to HDFC, the company has long term story impact.  But in the short term, it is important to focus on cost optimization and supply chain utilization. Morgan Stanley's Per May 2025 Report Morgan Stanley has ranked Eternal Limited as the top player in the food delivery and quick commerce sector. It has estimated the size of India's quick commerce market from Rs 42 billion to Rs 57 billion by 2030 and Eternal Limited has been considered the leader in this growing sector. Morgan Sanley believes that the scale up of Blinkit and Hyper Pure will improve the company's long term operating average and Eternal Limited will become a core player in India's consumption driven growth story. The overall consensus is that Eternal Limited is becoming a strong multi vertical business which can become a long term leader in the grocery and quick commerce sector. How do you like this deep diet?  Please let me know in the comment section because your feedback is very valuable to me.  And if you found this video informative and valuable, then do like, share and subscribe. See you in the next video with the story of a new business.  Till then take care.
