---
ticker: ZOMATO.NS
type: youtube
title: "Zomato Q1 Results Breakdown | What Lies Ahead ? | CA Rachana Ranade"
channel: "CA Rachana Phadke Ranade"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snv3J0cKCik
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 13697
---

# Zomato Q1 Results Breakdown | What Lies Ahead ? | CA Rachana Ranade

## 视频信息
- **频道**: CA Rachana Phadke Ranade
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snv3J0cKCik

## 转录全文

Hey folks, see Rashar Anad here and I welcome you all to a very important video. It's important because for those who have seen the results of Zumato or Eternal Limited, I'm sure you all might be surprised. Why? Because the PAT is down by almost 90% but the stock is almost up by 20% since yesterday. So in today's video, what are we going to understand? We are going to understand or we going to focus on number one top five points from the shareholders letter. In that we're going to understand why the stock price might have gone up. Number two, we'll understand about the technical analysis of the stock and number three one big risk that the investors must not ignore. Now let me take you to the shareholders letter. Uh there are total 16 question and answers in this but I'm going to specifically focus on five out of these. If you feel you want to read the entire document, I'll give you the link in the pinned comment and in the description box as well. Right. So first let's quickly scroll down and start with the very first one. By the way, why are we digging down so much in detail? Reason is very simple because when the stock price has I mean when the results were so bad 90% profitability has declined still the stock price is up 20%, it means that there is something beyond numbers it could be the management guidance because of which the stock has reacted positively. Right? So this is where we are going to focus on what next. Okay, for that if you check how was the overall performance of the business in Q1 FI26. So this is a little bit more about the current numbers only. First question here the answer is that NOV of our B2C business NOV is net order value. Just to give you a quick example let's say gross order value was 100 discount was 20 NOV will be 80 simple net order value of our business to consumer or business to customer business grew by 55% yearonear that is and also 16% QoQ to INR 20,183 crores in Q1 FY26. So topline anyways was not a problem. Here also they are saying that no has grown very nicely. But what is the big part? This was the first quarter where our quick commerce NOV exceeded food delivery NOV for the full quarter. This is something really amazing because I personally feel that everyone is currently betting more on quickcommerce as compared to the food delivery business. So it's important that Blinket shows better growth as compared to food delivery. And that's what we can see here. This is the first quarter where quickcommerce NOV has exceeded the food delivery NOV for the full quarter. Okay, this is about current numbers. Is there any guidance given especially for food delivery business? For that, let me just quickly take you down. Here it is very clearly given that for FY26 it looks unlikely that the business will deliver a 20% plus NOE growth but we should be north of 15% and hopefully trending towards 20% YI in FY27. By the way this is only for food delivery. Okay. So food delivery also they are saying that okay we understand that there was a slight dip but we feel that it should be 15% plus for NOV right now. Now let us move on to one more very very important point which I felt is about blinkets key highlights. Now what are they saying? We added 243 net new stores in this quarter taking our count to 1,544 stores by end of this quarter and we are on track to get 2,000 stores by December 2025. Please understand if the quick commerce business were to go strong they must have a very nice network of dark stores. Okay. And originally they had kept a target of 2,000 stores by December 2026 but they actually brought this entire target to December 2025. Okay. So it's very important to understand the progress of all these uh new dark store openings right and that is what they are exactly telling us that ideally target is 2,000 stores by December 25 but they have already reached 1,544 stores. Immediately one more question was asked 2,000 stores agreed but what next beyond 2,000 stores is there any opportunity for that they have also mentioned here we have a visibility to get to 3,000 stores and we will communicate the timeline for getting there after we get to our current milestone of 2,000 stores by December 25. So management is very clear that yes we will achieve this December 25 target of 2,000 stores. Now please understand once more and more stores start getting added of course depreciation is going to be on a rise. Okay. So I hope this point is clear about blinket store growth. Higher the stores higher the dark stores better it is going to be for them to increase the increase their network. Okay. Now comes a really important point which is about their margins. I'm going to read this entire Q8. Okay. Because this is going to give you a very very good perspective about their margins and their profitability because for for their competitor someone like Swiggy they are yet to achieve profitability. So what about their profitability? What about Zumato? What about Blinket? So question is that is it fair to say that quarterly losses may have peaked out and margins should continue to improve from here on. So that's what I'm trying to tell you right it's not about the numbers it's about what the management believes about what is going to happen next. What have they mentioned? The long-term profitability of the business is not a concern. Very clearly they have mentioned long-term profitability is not a concern. Despite the investments in long-term infrastructure and high competition, a large portion of our business is already profitable with some cities at 2.5% adjusted EIDA margin and getting to these margins in some cities so early in this business is a testament to the feasibility of our long-term guidance of 5 to 6% margin. So, two things take away from here. Number one, long-term profitability they're saying not a concern and long-term guidance that they have given is 5 to 6% margin. Okay, simple. What else have they mentioned? They have now here is an a caveat because here they're saying no problem with long-term profitability, no problem with our long-term guidance of 5 to 6% margin. Wait, now they're saying as far as near-term is concerned. Now from long-term to near-term, it does feel that percentage margins have bottomed out means what? Whatever worst was to happen has happened. Near-term margins that they have bottomed out. If the competitive environment stays the same, we should see margins getting better from here. As a large number of stores that we have opened in the past 12 months will mature. So good point that they are saying that we have already opened a lot of stores. Any store that we have opened in the past 12 months will ideally mature. This should be bottoming out of margins. But the caveat that they are mentioning here is that the competitive environment remains the same. Okay, you can of course go through the balance part also. So they are saying that it could be some bumps along the way if the compet competitive intensity goes up again for whatever reason any other big player entering the market that could be a point right so overall I hope you have understood company says right now is that there is a massive opportunity we see that long-term there is no problem in the short term it could be kind of a bumpy ride is what they are mentioning okay so profitability is very clear now let's move on to one more point uh which now they are saying profitability increase agreed that the stores will mature this is that any other reason why profitability will increase and a very important point comes up here question is with eternal having uh become an IOC that is Indian-owned and control company what is the plan for transition to inventory owned in quick commerce now for that you have to understand what is this see basically Indian owned and control company is where an Indian entity is holding a majority chunk foreign entity should not be holding a majority so here they are mentioning first we would like to thank our shareholders for their report the cap on foreign shareholding is at 49.5% and is in place now is now in place. So basically what they are saying is that foreign shareholding is at 43%. So domestic holding is in a majority. What happens because of this? Because of this now they can shift from a marketplace model to an inventory based model. So if I were to give you an example of Amazon, if the majority of the holding is foreign holding, they cannot move to an inventory based model. Now what happens because of this is that let's let's understand this assume I have I am blinket I'm I'm the owner of blinket example I am a shareholder anyways okay I am the owner of blinket example and assume that I assume I have access to entire data I know which which you know items sell very fast what will I do instead of me acting just as a marketplace I'll buy those items at a discount and then I'll sell those okay this is the power of data that I'll have right with this can their profitability increase? Answer is obviously yes and that's what they are mentioning. We expect to see about 1 percentage point margin increase or expansion over time as a result of this transition. But when are they doing this over the next two to three years so uh two to three quarters sorry. So quickly wrapping this point again what are they saying? Because we have now become an IOCC. We will transition from what only a model which is uh more or less like uh you know just as marketplace model to inventory ownership model in the next two to three quarters because of which their profitability will increase. Coming to the last point here they are saying any guidance on ROC they are saying that ROC should be at least 40% if we get to 5 to 6% of adjusted EBIDA margin. So I hope you have understood that a lot of points here are focusing on what next and management it is pretty much confident that in the longer term they should be profitable they should be able to increase the profitability and maybe because of all these points the share price saw a big up move. Now let's come to technical analysis and also after that we're going to follow it up with one big risk that is looming over the stock. Uh but before that, if you have loved this effort of me reading out through the shareholders letter and letting you know the simplified meaning of that, please pause the video, smash the like button and then move on. By the way, if you also want me to do a similar analysis of Swiggy, just type out Swiggy in the comment section below and I would love to do a separate video on Swiggy and in that I'll do Swiggy versus Zumato as well. Okay, so let me know on that. Now let's move on to technical analysis. Now if you see here the stock had hit an all-time high back on the 9th of December 2024 which was a high of 304.70 precisely. So now if you see here uh the high you can very clearly see it on the screen second from the top 304.70 but after that the stock was heavily under pressure and it just went down like anything and it did consolidate here for some time. The last candle that you can see on screen is 21st of April. So this is 3 months older data. Now what do you have to do? Please understand always remember that whenever there is kind of a rounding bottom or if there is a cup and handle pattern if there you can see something like a VCP you know how the targets are to be checked right if you have done my course on technical analysis price action analysis you would you would already know about how to calculate the price targets right so here just check this whether a a proper either a cup and handle pattern is formed or not or a VCP is formed or a rounding bottom kind of a thing is formed just just check that and see whether the target of this pattern has been met or not. That is your homework and you have to write down yes or no if this target has been met or not. Number two, you have to also check that whether the stock currently has closed above this earlier because see earlier resistance would also act as a resistance now. So what you have to check is does the stock close above this resistance level only if it closes up for one day it's not enough. Ideally we should see a confirmation candle. We should see good volumes. it should stay there. If all these things happen then we can say that the stock has found a nice base post which whatever I'm I'm not allowed to give any guidance you know so you understand what what could happen after that right so uh all in all I hope this is absolutely clear but now also let us focus on one more risk what is a risk here because the profitability has gone down look at the stock PE it has gone to 953 this is crazy okay please understand that if because of whatever Whatever reason if market starts to crack such stocks with heavy PE are the first ones to correct. When everything is nice and fine when the markets are in a good mood average above average mood no one even looks at the PE but once the market starts becoming bearish first stocks under radar are stuck with high PE. So be careful about this point as well. All in all I hope you understood three key pointers which we had intended to discuss. If you did, uh please uh again reminding you about the like button. Uh share this video with a lot of uh your friends. Uh I'll see you in the next one. Till then take care. Shah and bye-bye. You might have come across such advertisements on various social media platforms. Please note all of these are fraudsters promising unbelievable returns through stock tips. I don't provide any calls or advisory services. I provide only educational content through my social media handles and through my website ratna.com and ratcharanade.in.
