---
ticker: ZOMATO.NS
type: youtube
title: "Rapido's Genius Strategy to Beat Zomato and Swiggy"
channel: "Backstage with Millionaires"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EI51Z7WQ3o
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 11055
---

# Rapido's Genius Strategy to Beat Zomato and Swiggy

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Backstage with Millionaires
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EI51Z7WQ3o

## 转录全文

This is Wandit Malik the founder of QSR brand the garlic bread and recently posted on LinkedIn how Zuman is becoming unsustainable for a small business like his and he shared a very interesting screenshot where his net payable from Zuman after all deductions was zero literally zero. Then there is this person called Manish who is the owner of a small restaurant called Saproma and he also recently posted on Twitter about his bad experience with Zomato. He talked about various mystery charges that Zumato applied to his earnings and after that his net payable amount again was zero in many cases. And these are just two of the cases. Almost every day there are some sort of complaints or even legal cases filed against Suigi and Zumato where the restaurant owners talk about the challenges they face selling on these two platforms. Now the main reason why these restaurants can't do much is because they are heavily dependent on Sugi and Zumato for their business. Together these companies own almost 100% market share in India's food delivery segment. And for many of these small restaurants, especially cloud kitchens, most of their business comes from online food delivery. This is why in spite of many issues like high commissions and unclear charges, these restaurants can't really do much. They can't leave the platform because they'll lose out on their business. Now, there was one initiative by the government called ODC which tried to solve these issues. It promised an almost zero commission against Swiggy and Zumatos up to 30% commission, but it still hasn't taken off as its platform is still very fragmented and unreliable. But there is one company that is getting into the sector now and is promising half the commission as Swiggy and Zumato. And this company has already proved its metal in the ride hailing sector. I'm talking about Rapido which was started much after Ola and Uber. And with very less money, it has beaten these platforms in terms of daily rides. It has a reliable delivery fleet, a leaner business model than Swiggy and Zumato and investors trust which makes it a formidable challenger. So in this video, let's try to understand what is Rapido's plan. Will people show trust in a new food delivery player? And can Rapido disrupt this space the way it did with ride hailing? Let's find out. And before we start, I want to mention that we are now part of Zerodha's 01 network. And now let's jump into the episode. So right now, this is how the Indian food delivery market looks like. 54% market owned by Zomato and around 46% by Swiggy. There have been many players who have come and gone in the last 10-15 years. But these two have survived largely because of their vast restaurant network, efficient logistics and had good customer experience. Today both of these companies are public with valuations of well over $10 billion. This dominance however hasn't turned out very well for customers and restaurants especially the smaller restaurants. The National Restaurant Association of India or NAI represents over five lakh restaurants and they have been pretty vocal about the issues they face with these two companies. Firstly, it's the high commissions. Sumato and Sigi charge hefty commissions from the restaurants which is in the range of 15 to 30%. It's usually in the lower range for big restaurant chains that can negotiate better. But for smaller restaurants and cloud kitchens, the commission is generally in the higher range. Now, this is a lot especially for a restaurant business which already runs on very thin margins. And if you're a small unknown brand, you'll have to spend money on marketing to buy ad space on these platforms. In fact, according to this report, restaurants are nudged by Zumato to spend at least 5% of their profits on advertisement to increase their visibility. So, commissions plus advertisement takes away 30 to 40% of your margins. And according to NI, this is not sustainable for many restaurants. And because of this, a high percentage of new entrance shut down. The next issue is of deep discounting. See whenever you open Zumaton Shigi you see most of the brands offering 30 40 or even 50% discounts and that's a good tactic to make users buy something but in this food delivery space Zumaton Sigi indirectly force these restaurants to give deep discounts their algorithms are made in such a way that restaurants that give discounts get more visibility and because of this what these restaurants do is they increase the price of food items on Zumat and Swiggy so a food item that you get for let's say 100 rupees in the restaurant its price would be 20 to 30% higher on these delivery platform platforms. So in a way because of the promotional and marketing campaigns of these companies, customers and restaurants have to bear the cost. And the final major issue is of data. See millions of users order food from thousands of restaurants on Suigi and Zumato every day. And these companies collect all that data. What do customers order? What time of the day do they order? And what are the locations from which these orders are coming? And in the case of restaurants, they collect the data about what are the most ordered items, how much time it takes to prepare a certain item, and what items are the most loved or disliked. And according to NI, Sugi and Zometo don't share this data with restaurants under the garb of consumer masking and that these companies use this data to create personalized deal for the customers. Both of these companies in fact had launched their own private food brands and many people are worried that they use the restaurant data to benefit in their own private business. Now in the middle of all this, Rapidos announced that it will get into the food delivery business and try and solve these issues. Firstly, it will charge zero commission from the restaurants which in itself is a massive step. But the obvious question is how will it make money? Well, Rapido has declared two simple avenues from which it'll earn money. Firstly, it'll charge a flat delivery fee from the restaurants. That's 25 rupees for orders less than 400 and for orders more than 400, it'll charge 50 rupees. And this way, it'll be very transparent and clear for restaurants how much money they're spending on delivery. Next, Rapido will charge a flat monthly subscription fee from the restaurants. Kind of like a SAS model where instead of paying a commission on every order, restaurants will just pay a flat fee once a month. This will be easier for the restaurants as they can plan their business well and they'll know exactly how much money is going towards subscription. Also, restaurants will have a direct incentive to sell more because their expenses are not capped. So, every money that you make after breaking even, you can take home. For Rapid O2, it can be a great business model. Since their subscription fee is fixed, they will have a predictable revenue stream every month. And this will allow them to plan their business operations well. The next thing Rapidu is promising is transparent pricing for customers. It wants to eliminate extra charges like packaging and platform fees. The price listed would be what the customers would pay. Entity in fact did a very interesting analysis where they compared the prices of food items on Zumato, Swiggy, and Rapido. So one Mac chicken meal costs 451 rupees on Swiggy, 42 rupees on Zomato and only 234 rupees on Rapido. And the only reason is that there are no inflated price and extra charges on Rapido. In their announcement, Rapido has said this very clearly that they commit to pricing the dishes in the restaurant the same as on their platform. And finally, Rapido has announced that they will also share the data with the restaurants. According to them, over time for restaurants that want to offer discounts, we will provide them with the tools and data necessary to provide discounts to customers of their choice. So unlike Zomato and Sugi which decided on discounts themselves, Rapido will leave it to the restaurants on who they want to offer discounts and when. Now what Rapido has announced is no doubt a great news both for customers and the restaurants. But would it be easy for them to do it? I mean we had heard the same things a couple of years back when ODC had entered this space. It also promised lower commission for restaurants and cheaper price for the customers but even after 2 years we haven't heard much about it. No one orders food from ODC. So what are some challenges with this sector which ODC could not solve and how is Rapido trying to solve them. First and most important is a dedicated delivery fleet. See Rapido today has more than 4 million active riders which is more than four times that of Zumato and Swiggy combined. And these delivery workers are already working full-day jobs carrying people. So the company can easily ask some of them to switch to food delivery. These people already trust the brand Rapido. So it won't be too difficult. The next thing Rapido is doing right is that it is working with restaurants from day one to understand their pain points and solve them. In fact, according to INC42, NI has been working with Rapido for the last 6 months, helping it to formulate the right commercial structure and logistic structure for restaurant and food delivery. And this is in fact in the DNA of Rapido and its founders. I made this video on Rapido's journey last year and my biggest learning from this was that Rapido's main focus always was to keep the delivery partner happy. Their logic is if the service provider is happy, the customer would be satisfied as well. And Rapido is now doing the same with food delivery and I'm personally looking forward to this food delivery battle. Both Swiggy and Zumato are tough competitors. Both are public companies and billions of dollars to fight with. They have years of experience building a moat in the sector. And according to a Bernstein analyst, Zumat and Swiggy have already invested two to3 billion dollars in building their food delivery infrastructure and they now command strong customer bases and brand loyalty and that they don't anticipate material market share impact from Rapido's entry. But I won't take Rapido lightly. It is a company that entered the ride healing sector at a time when there was cutthroat competition and there were two very established players. But rapido by spending much less money and time has become a major player in that sector. It has in fact overtaken Ola and is only behind Uber in India's ride hailing sector. And this efficiency and leaner business model can help them in food delivery too. Let me know what you think. Can Rapido repeat its ride hailing success in the food delivery sector or is there something fundamentally different in the segment? Let me know in the comments and also I'll provide the link in the description about the Rapido's journey video. So feel free to watch that after this one. As always, thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next
