---
ticker: ZOMATO.NS
type: youtube
title: "Zomato Q2 Result: Profit Takes A Hit But Revenue Booms"
channel: "NDTV Profit"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puwAqEcquG0
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 10927
---

# Zomato Q2 Result: Profit Takes A Hit But Revenue Booms

## 视频信息
- **频道**: NDTV Profit
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puwAqEcquG0

## 转录全文

that eternal earnings flashing on your screen right there fresh you know the revenue has seen a crazy uptick I think from a 4,800 crores to a 13,500 crores is where uh the revenue number has come in there you go 8,650 the the estimate was that it'll grow at around 8,665 odd crores but um it's nearly double of that estimate uh let's try to pull up the iida numbers as well and the net profit as numbers as well and margins IDA has come in at 239 crores versus that of 235 crores of estimates. So largely IIDA in line with what the street was expecting. The net profit has come in at 65 crores. So that's something that the street will probably not appreciate because it's uh down. Um the the expectations were to come in at 107 crores and this is largely probably because of their uh expansion of dark stores. IDA up 5.8%. The stock though is recovering and recovering and how um up.5 uh% it it did slip in red now in the green and this is probably on the back of the topline growth that eternal has seen which is way beyond what the street was expecting. Uh it's interesting to watch the recovery in the counter. Um I I'll try to take this quickly with NRA. you know in um you know it's just come out I understand but any quick view on eternal that you are seeing I mean we've we've seen a sharp recovery in the counter and the top line has definitely beaten the street estimates &gt;&gt; well I think as far as the consumption story is concerned markets would like to look at uh the the topline growth and would like to be a little liberal as far as the uh the optical profitability pack uh levels are concerned So I think uh the market would be enthused by the by the uh by the jump in the in the top line. The revenue growth is has been quite encouraging. Uh so I think markets would give definitely give it a thumbs up. Uh that's my take at this point of time. &gt;&gt; Uh you know with regards to the segments also if you take a look the food delivery we've talked about this has remained you know stagnant in the past few quarters as well. This time also it's grown at around 2,400 odd crores versus 2,000 crores earlier. Uh so slight uptick in terms of the food delivery segment. But overall if um if if you take a look at the hyperpure numbers that has come down a tad bit on a consolidated level basis it's it was around 1 1400 crores in uh Q2 FI25 which has come at around,000 23 odd crores in FI26 but quick commerce has seen a sharp sharp jump and that is where the boost in topline is coming in from from 1156 crores to a 9,891 crores in the quick commerce space. The going out business however um has slightly um inched up from a 154 crores to a 189 crores and this includes your um um you know um district business as well but overall I think the beat is largely driven by blinket and that's been the case so far for eternal earnings for the past few quarters as well. Kush your quick view the recovery in the counter is you know quite visible and significant 1.5% is uh the gains uh that has come in now on the quarter and this is in the last few seconds or just a minute uh is what we are seeing your view quickly on the charts &gt;&gt; yeah and if you didn't tell me the results were out I would have said it's more of a continuation of the trend that's been going on for an eternal very solid medium-term structure I think you know this could well push the stock to 370 5 390 odd levels perhaps even closer to 400 that's the kind of momentum it is in if you have continued to hold fresh position I wouldn't advise because it's coming closer to overheated territories so buy on dips but if you have a position you could well continue to hold eternal for targets of 390 and 400 levels &gt;&gt; all right so that's uh the view coming in on uh the entire internal of course we'll try to uh you know get an overall view as well with regards to uh where um you know the internal numbers go now seeing gains for 2.4% 4% the so stock is definitely zooming in trade and largely of course this is on the back of the kind of topline beat that has come in but of course the interesting thing to watch out would be as to how the dark store edition has come in but yeah I think we'll take that up with the analyst himself seep abangi who's the lead research analyst consumer at midcaps LKB security is joining us now um sep hi a very good afternoon to you and thank you so much for joining us your first take on eternal numbers Uh yes yes yes thank you so much for having me. Uh so yeah, Primark faces the numbers look great. Uh and we have seen good amount of beef in the top line and uh we we will have to watch out on for your commentary. But overall primapy on the revenue growth part and also on the eida as well as on the fat front the company uh the numbers look good and we will we are we will be working out on commentary on usually on the dark source and also on the go and no growth how it has been uh in this quarter. So yeah primary numbers look great. Deep I think the two reasons as to why we've seen the downtick in terms of profit um and you know versus the expectation of course first one being depreciation and this could be on account of higher edition of dark stores of course that commentary will be awaited and we'll know once the shareholders letter is out the second one being employee benefit expenses have inched up quite a bit. Um your quick view with regards to um you know how you are viewing these costs because they have been inching up quite a bit. Depreciation I can understand but employee benefit costs going up. Uh any rationale with regards to this counter? &gt;&gt; Uh on the employee benefit it's mainly the expansion of DAR uh and uh and also on the uh on the uh hiring of uh uh like overall new new people in their uh in their team. So on the employee expenses majorly we were expecting somewhere around uh like a 20 30% jump but uh the overall jump has been quite high. So we will get more clarity from the management uh in the console on this part. But yeah uh the overall PAT uh uh the uh uh stress on the PAT was majorly on the high depreciating cost which was mainly like you alluded due to the dark stores and expansion in the dark stores and also uh their ad expenses have also gone up significantly. So that also has been one of the reasons &gt;&gt; uh sep even uh the going out business is something where losses have been incurred this quarter. I mean um it was sitting on profits of around 18 cr um last I mean Q2 FI25 but this year there's a loss of 57 crores. So I believe this is where now they've started to burn cash is that understanding correct? Yeah, see going out business is still uh you know once we have seen the PTM acquisition so these numbers have been added and uh that uh that has majorly played a role in terms of uh uh the overall decline in the past. So overall the uh the going out business is still in that experiment stage and they are still experimenting newer cities and new adding new cities on a quarteronquarter basis. So we believe that this is a very long-term uh uh uh business and overall the main focus should be on the quick uh quick commerce as well as on the food delivery going out. They have been experimenting a lot lately. So hopefully uh things should uh pan out well on the long-term side on the growing out business. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right, Sep, thank you so much for bringing us those details. Of course, we have to wait and watch out for the commentary coming in in the shareholders letter as well as in the corn call. Thank you so much for taking out the time. We're also joined by Sunonni Agra, the head of fundamental uh equity research at SBI Cap Securities joining us now. Sunonny, hi, a very good afternoon to you and thank you so much for joining in. Your first take on eternal numbers. Uh yeah, good afternoon and I think again on top line it seems a bit uh as far as internal is concerned especially on quick commerce side. So I think the numbers are slightly ahead of estimate and uh uh uh in terms of on the operating expense side we have seen a Q on Q uptick uh in employee expense again uh that may be because of the expansion which the company has taken or has alluded to on the quick commerce side and the same is the case with advertisement and promotion expense. So I think the company seems to have spending a lot more money to promote its quick commerce as well as the food delivery business. So there also we have seen a significant uptake as far as expenses on uh ad and sales promotion is concerned. So below the IITA we have seen again increase in depreciation and finance cost that may be partly due to the uh dark expansion as well as because of increase in rental expense which is now because of because of India 1116 that also formed the part of finance cost and depreciation expense. So I think overall I think increase in expense is uh likely because of the store expansion which the company has uh undertaken and have alluded to also is during the earlier analyst call. Uh in terms of profitability or store level or per customer level data we need to wait for shareholders later. &gt;&gt; Yes Sun is there. Of course the stock you just look at it the stock is going nose diving again from its days high levels. We saw a sharp recovery coming in after the numbers were out but Mahima is actually giving us the details in some time for the shareholders letters which will be coming out but Sunonny let's look at the details of course the premacy the revenue pad these numbers have actually beaten the estimates but if you look at it are there any internals which might be a concern for the street because we are seeing the stock is actually falling it's down almost 1% now near the 350 levels uh Sunonny what are the important concerns which could be there if you look at the internals or what could be going wrong for the company or a concern. &gt;&gt; Again, I think the more one of the important parameter which uh which the state will be looking forward to will be the path to profitability or ramp up in margins on uh especially on a quick commerce side. So we have seen the company going very aggressive on KEC front as far as quickcommerce business is concerned. So I think it seems to be playing out well at least from uh getting more GMV which is more sales because of this store expansion. But at the same time the company need to ensure that operating leverage is something which should start kicking in post this expansion which can lead to an better margins on quick commerce side because ultimately the quick commerce has become pretty large in overall revenue share and that that is a business where sweet will look forward to in terms of adding uh contributing to the profitability. So I think the path to profitability on a quick commerce side is something which will be looking forward to. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. So that's the with regards to where eternal is concerned.
