---
ticker: ROP
type: youtube
title: "Nancy Langer | President & CEO | CSI - Ridin with The FinTech Cowboys"
channel: "FinTech Cowboys"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJ7MuwI6kOU
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 33010
---

# Nancy Langer | President & CEO | CSI - Ridin with The FinTech Cowboys

## 视频信息
- **频道**: FinTech Cowboys
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJ7MuwI6kOU

## 转录全文

[music] Uh, well, I Nancy, I'd love it if you'd kick us off. I mean, a little bit of background and intro on you. Uh, I know a lot of folks know you and I've definitely enjoyed getting to know you as well, but really kind of since you've come on board and taken over, you know, give us that background picture of where you came from and where we're going here. &gt;&gt; Sounds good. Yep. And and again, good. Thanks for uh thanks for having me. So, yeah, just on me, a little bit of background. I started way back at a company uh that was called M&amp;I Data Services. Some of you guys probably remember that. Um, which was one of the first bank outsourcers. started out of college, actually in college as an intern. Um had a number of different roles there, kind of built out their digital banking and online bill payment way back in the day. Then we became Metabonte. &gt;&gt; Uh I left um for about so I was there about 17 years and I left for about seven years. I did uh uh go to a company called Wasau Financial, which some of you may remember from the old Czech 21 days. &gt;&gt; I think I was a Wasaw customer back in the day. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Awesome. So yeah, led that for about three and a half, four years. Ended up going back to Metavante uh about call it eight months before we sold to &gt;&gt; FIS. &gt;&gt; Uh ended up running their payments or a good chunk of their payments business and then I was their chief product officer. Uh and then I went for about four years to a company called Core Logic, which some of you guys might know as well in the mortgage space. Um ran their largest business and then most recently was at a company called Transat Campus. So pretty much my first step outside of fintech, uh, which was a company that really serviced higher education campuses, all the big universities down to community colleges, you know, software for payments and mobile credentials and dining. And then [snorts] I got a call from uh, Frank Marteri who, you know, I knew from Metavante days, although we really he kind of took over uh, when I was at Wasau. But um on this opportunity, I I just really saw you know the the company as in a position to really really differentiate for community banks. Uh community banks has always been kind of something I've been passionate about. I knew a lot of the people at the company already uh because some of them you know we had worked together at Medavante or M&amp;A Data or FIS. So super excited. six months in. Um I probably spent the the last six months more on the road than not on the road, which would be expected. Uh really just talking to clients and and listening and understanding, you know, what are we doing well, what are we not doing well, how do they see the market, what are their challenges, spending time with employees, of course, as well. And that that's kind of fed us to um a few different things. one really defining a strategy that's aligned to the clients and ensuring that our roadmap's driven by our clients. We brought in um Michelle Jacobs who I think you guys met uh he was at your event um and hopefully enjoy meeting him. But really to start to drive that kind of client input, market strategy and and drive it into how we're investing and where we're investing in our products. Um, we obviously uh bought Aperture uh during this time which was a great fit for us. We felt like we needed to beef up our digital especially on the business small business commercial side and bring that to clients because that's critical to them. Um, so we've kind of we've aligned and I'll get into on on strategy around a few different main areas that I think are more transformative for community banks because I think, you know, look, there's a pretty common thread that community banks are concerned. They need to, you know, they need to be relevant. They need to differentiate. And to do that, you know, they need products that and technology that can differentiate. I think, you know, CSI's always been known as strong relationship service. and that's still foundational and we need to continue that. But we we need to step up kind of, you know, our innovation against those key pieces that community banks need. Um they're they're in the toughest competitive market. you guys know that from regulatory stuff to the super regionals and regionals and what they have and can bring to market to Gen Z changes um you know AI everything there and so so for me I've always been very client driven like understand you know what are their challenges and everything we do should kind of align to that we had a large we had a lot of banks last week in Nashville some of our largest banks and it was awesome like we just wanted to asset test here's what we heard here's where we're going, here's what we're investing in. There was tremendous kind of consistency there. So, I feel good that we've got the right strategy and now we're going about, you know, kind of executing on it. And then there's been some organizational changes which I can get into as well to kind of support all that. Uh, but that's been that's been a lot of the focus. &gt;&gt; That's great. I I think really it been interesting for me, Nancy, to just watch because like you I you know, in former lives, I've partnered with CSI. I've got friends over there and friends that have gone right over there uh in in more recent years and kind of watching the internal shift has been really interesting because I don't know I think I think everybody would feel this and certainly CSI's customers it's not like anything was wrong at CSI right but &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; there's kind of something wrong in our whole industry right or or uh there's a storm on the horizon put it that way right and so I think getting ahead of that change uh is something that I I wouldn't have pointed a finger at CSI and said you need to change but watching everything you're doing it's like wow I I think you guys are getting ahead of a lot of things that are coming and one of the ones you know in conversations with Michelle uh so much focus on the business side commercial customers and I think for community banking I mean we all know that's paramount and always has been &gt;&gt; but we're starting to see some of that kind of fintech challenger crowd they've done a heck of a number on us on the consumer side it would you know probably tougher on a credit union than the average community bank but uh it's a scary proof point now they're definitely coming on the business side, be that Stripe or a firm or all these other things, right, that are that are stacking up. So, kind of that life cycle of business is more and more important. &gt;&gt; Yeah, totally. Yeah, the kind of fintech disruptors is the one I left out of all these different things, right? Coming at &gt;&gt; community banks and so, yeah, I mean, we've kind of zeroed in on a few different key areas. uh one is commercial and small business just improving you know real-time deposits visibility for their customers lending all of those pieces um and we're looking at it from the lens of are we going to buy builder partner but we've we've zeroed in pretty pretty well I think we'll make some decisions here shortly and and start to execute in in 2026 the other is uh just kind of datadriven digital meaning, you know, we've got really good digital, especially with the the Aperture acquisition, but you know, it's it's about it's not about transactions anymore. It's about how do you use data kind of go p personalize the experience, drive the right, you know, decisions for businesses and input and all of that. Um, and then the kind of the third leg of high level strategy is really kind of open banking or I'd say open API integration ease, that sort of thing. CSI actually had invested a fair amount in that but but frankly we're a a kind of humble company which I like. Um and so so we hadn't really kind of articulated to the market to our clients how much was there. &gt;&gt; You know we built a developer portal so that fintex and banks that have the IT staff can do a lot of that themselves. So we're going to continue to invest there. I mean we know we're not going to be all things to to our clients. So to your point on fintex in situations where you know where you can't necessarily build build that capability at least partner with them so you can benefit get it to your customers perhaps get some revenue generation. So those are, you know, there's a lot of other things in the company we're investing in from fraud and AI and uh payments, but you know, kind of those are three big pillars that all of our clients have pretty much said, yeah, you know, especially the commercial stuff, as you mentioned in small business, that's so so important to their business. &gt;&gt; As a bank goes in and starts focusing on their strategy and their innovation, it's extremely important to find that technology partner. And I like how you use that, the partnership that's going to allow both of us to grow, the both of us to go market to different audiences. And I think that's extremely important in a banking uh decision-making process. And you guys have done a good job of getting there. &gt;&gt; Appreciate that. [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Appreciate that. I mean, we got work to do. I I'm never one to say we're there. We're great. We got work to do. But, you know, our clients, I think, are aligned and I think they feel good about where we're headed and now we just got to execute for them. And it's imperative, right? A lot of the community banks don't have the tech staff to do this stuff themselves. They're relying on us. They're their key we're their key partner and we've got to deliver on it. &gt;&gt; I I'd love Nancy, I I actually got some recent numbers that we're getting out the door on you guys and talk a little bit about where you're at, which is kind of incredible. uh so you know often we look by uh I'll say make and model right so like by do we look at the landscape as the brands and I mean you know the the the large core folks F server and FIS with tons and tons of products but when you get down into product focus especially for Matthew and I we have so many of these conversations with banks that there's probably five or six cores that are really actively I mean that's kind of the show you know that's being sold and also I think that tracks into being invested in and some of the other things you're talking about. And so TSI New Point is now in the number two spot with 10.1%. That's that's a heck of a milestone. I'm pretty sure that's only if that's not the second time, it's maybe the third time that anybody's ever reached 2%. I mean, we all remember, you know, Premiere getting way up there some years ago. And that's at the speed of conversions. Once you get into a powerful position, you've really got some strength, right? And so I love if you talk about a little bit of that and also uh I doubt you're you're wanting to announce numbers but I've been looking in at some of those numbers and you're doing great like incredibly shockingly great on the sales side the last year or so. &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. And I I appreciate that Tanner. I mean I think and I appreciate the the analysis you guys did. I think you know for us it just solidifies to your point. I think sometimes the conversation is only about three players out there and and obviously we've we've grown a lot. We've got a lot of clients that are using a lot of different things with us. Some of that may go to again, you know, we've been a pretty humble company. We don't necessarily kind of go out in the market, you know, pounding our chest, but it was good to get, you know, kind of your validation and and you know, we knew we were growing to your point quite a bit every year in terms of new clients. Frankly, we've got a lot lot of clients that started as denovos and are now three four billion dollar banks, right? And it's that's probably something we're the most proud of because we were their partner and kind of helped them get there whether it was organically or through M&amp;A. But yeah, I mean I I think we've been winning well. Um some of that's about our relationship and service as you know and and kind of to the earlier conversation I think more and more is about you know we do have an open flexible approach and and we are investing a lot um in you know what we know community banks need to to differentiate and that's our mission in life uh kind of to the opening comment like it's a it's a difficult competitive market and it's our job to help them get there and it and I just you know I think it it resonates that that we're we're a partner in that regard. I I strangely enough actually feel that you know there's a kind of a group I think we really saw it with Michelle at the roundup you know with some of the other cores doing a panel and there's like a you know community bank core group of folks that are just really different from the other side of the world and I know you know hey if the bigger you are the bigger the target so I'm not trying to throw darts at the big guys but uh it's really interesting to see sort of the community banking ethos or sentiment that, you know, has certainly shifted, right? And I think you guys are firmly in the midst of that. Uh, and actually fairly friendly to folks that, you know, are are certainly competitive in lots of areas. Uh, but I think that's high level of service that we see from you guys and them. And I I think throughout the organizations, people who really care, that is starting to become pretty black and white these days. Uh, not to say that I think the folks that are struggling don't they know that they're struggling as well. So, uh, I think that puts you guys in a really good light. &gt;&gt; You know, speaking of new point, talk about incredible, but what about the bank asset sizes? Like the banks that you're supporting seem to be getting bigger, which is absolutely incredible. I don't know that we saw that five years ago, Taran. I've been watching the numbers and talking to banks about that. &gt;&gt; Walk me through your strategy, you know, supporting some of these larger banks with your small banks. How's all that work? &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, thanks for bringing that up. Um yeah, we definitely have had success moving up market. Um you know we have denovo is up to 20 billion plus asset size banks right and for us again kind of you know we look at it as you know not just tied to kind of the service we provide. I think that's super important as we talked about but I think they see that we are investing we've got technologies uh that fit their needs. Now, some of the stuff we talked about with commercial and some of that's really driven by, you know, the larger client needs, but we also have, you know, small banks that are are pretty sophisticated in the commercial side. So, I think that's resonated well. Uh, and and really, I think, you know, this has been going on probably for a few years that we've been, you know, winning in the the larger billion plus market. And then, as I said, we've also supported a lot of banks that started well below that that grew organically or they're doing a lot of M&amp;A. One of the things that um that we're looking to do within Linda Fischer's world, our COO, we brought in a new person kind of all of implementation, but also professional services because a lot of those banks are going to get pretty inquisitive and you know, they want help in that regard, right? They they only have so much staff themselves. So, I think it's a lot about kind of it all goes back to kind of understanding the clients and listening and and responding to kind of where they're going and what do they need. I just think that's helped us certainly move up market and retain clients that are growing and and all of that. That feels to me, guys, like 26, we may see it in 25. It may be a record-breaking year for I'll say court churn, keeping in mind that that means sales and, you know, organic wins as well as M&amp;A to me, right? And I typically you're going to see more sometimes considerably more conversions come from M&amp;A, right? And I it's it's a lot of times it's two to one. So, you know, we might see 150 core sales and maybe, you know, we could see 250 on the M&amp;A side. I think those would probably be my guess. If I had to guess at 26, I'd say 150, you might even see 200 core deals get done and maybe 250 on the acquisition side. Uh Nancy, you're going to laugh at me, but stuck in my brain is 2% churn in core, right, forever. That's kind of what it's looked like. And I mean, we could see like four or five. I mean, it's a it's a really crazy time. So is it you feel like that's a that's got to be a good opportunity? Is there any fear and risk there? How do you feel about the acquisition cycle? And you're obviously much on the healthier side of that than some of the others are, but what's your kind of thesis on all that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I do I would agree. I think next year and I look at it as an opportunity just given where we're at. uh not naive to there's big competitors out there and we've got to continue to raise our own bar but you know I think combination of as we all know one of the big players made some big announcements and and I think that you know that's obviously already starting to kind of put more uh jump balls out there if you will and then the other um is what you mentioned on on M&amp;A u most of our clients above a billion are are absolutely looking at acquiring um and and so you know the the the challenge part of that that is is probably you know below the billion which are very important part of our client base um you know there'll be continued consolidation. So you know it's an opportunity for us to you know help both the acquiring as well as the acquired institution kind of get to get to a good place. Uh but I I I think yeah I think next year we'll be just given all of that um probably higher numbers than we've seen in terms of core uh changes and I think CSI's you know well positioned there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. One other one Nancy and Matthew I'd kind of love to get your thoughts here too man just it's a big ball of wax right now of I mean thinking back to the last decade guys when it was challengers and fintexs and now I think we're all fintexs or the vocab's a mess. uh open banking, banking as a service, embedded finance and I mean I am starting to get more and more in the head space that we're going to be this is just technology and banking right it's all really coming together because it's starting to because and I think this is a good thing as we see these different areas or networks kind of like we're seeing with crypto and stablecoin and everything else they're all trying to build ramps to each other and now as it gets more and more connected it's all kind of becoming one big thing so I just Wanted to get your view, Nancy, on that whole side of the world that you talked a little bit about uh some of the API strategy and that side for you guys. Uh it it's just it's a questionable area, right? It's it's I see the most profitable institutions that I've ever seen leading into that. You also see folks that take some risks, don't have their ducks in a row that get into some trouble. Although that's that's given us an interesting roadmap for how to do things right. But from a a core perspective, you know, how do you participate and support all that and what's what's that strategy look like? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's one of the things I talked to to the clients about we spent a fair amount of time last week on I think and within Michelle's world. So he has strategy but he also has partnerships with Steve Deardonius Tara uh with all the analysts and consulting relationships. That partnership piece the conversation that we have with clients is we want to make sure we're um collaborating with them on what are the what are the ones they really feel are the most impactful for them where a they can benefit from the technology but b also perhaps get you know revenue benefit and that sort of thing. So, we're going through some prioritization on that to be honest and making sure we're not just partnering, you know, oneoffs and it's it's really tied to to what the clients want. And I think that's going to be an important thing that we pick the right ones that satisfy, you know, what their needs are. And and then the other side of it is kind of what you talked about banking as a service. you know, we have some of our banks that are doing that and so giving them the technology to enable that so they can have another growth avenue. Um, and I do believe, you know, a lot of the fintexs, you know, they just don't have the the regulatory risk fraud compliance kind of hardening that the banks can give them. And so helping the banks kind of be very competitive in terms of offering that service. To your point, it becomes all a banking technology play or platform. Um so that's kind of how how we're viewing it. Some of the investments we're making will beef up kind of that banking as a service capability. Um that that they need to be highly competitive. Um and so it's it's definitely a focus of ours. &gt;&gt; Matthew, that's where my head was. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, Craig was wrong. It sounds like you guys I like where you're headed, right? You're building out three things, right? Obviously, you got the tra traditional banks, right? Banks want to be traditional. You're there. You're solid. Your numbers are showing that you're number two at New Point. You're also getting ready with Aperture to go help these banks go after treasury customers, which is the lifeblood of the banks, right? They can handle all the treasury services with account analysis to go get those extra that income that they might be missing out on. And then number three with your developer portal and with everything that you're looking is if these banks want to become innovative, which Tanner and I are seeing the most profitable banks in the US had, you're positioning yourself to be able to support that. Once again, that strategic partner, but it sounds like you're hitting on all three of those things that a bank needs. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think so. I I do I appreciate you saying that. I do. And on the kind of open or the API piece, one of the things we're doing as well is uh looking at should we have a base of resource that can help them do that integration because some of the banks have that staff as I said and some don't and so being a little more proactive on hey you want to integrate this third party we're not just going to give you this stuff in the portal here's some additional help we can give you I think that's going to be important because I think a lot of our clients just don't have that technology capability and so we've got to kind kind of give them to give that to them, not just the framework and the the tech, but you know, assist them in, you know, integrating the third parties that are really critical to them. &gt;&gt; I think that's incredibly smart. Both banks I worked at, oddly enough, we had our own in-house development team. And I still would kind of look to you guys going, "Hey, kind of help me out, right?" Like, I've been a banker forever. I understand banking. I understand compliance. I understand regulation, but maybe this is my first time on an API, right? And I think you guys be able to provide that guidance and best practices and how to go do this is extremely. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I appreciate that. I think, you know, culturally we've shifted, you know, like like some of the cores. I mean, we we probably were a little guilty of, you know, hey, we're going to push our product that's comparable and and we're we're going to close, you know, be be more close. That's not, you know, what we want to do. We want to have a culture where like if they want somebody else and um it's the right fit for them then let's make it easy for them to do the integration. It's their data. It's not our data. Um so just culturally we've shifted there a fair amount and some of that's still a little bit of work in progress but I think we're getting there and pretty excited about and the clients are excited about it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. One of one of the things kind of big picture for me Nancy just looking at you know all these different areas of the market and thinking a lot about that fintech space also I got a big eye right now towards private credit I'm actually fairly worried about that I think there's uh doing a little analysis on some institutional exposure there that I I think we all need a little better eye on but competitively it's just as scary right um and so as you kind of think through that look at all the investment you know especially from the VC world and the PE world that goes into the kind of anti-bank space, right? And they don't have to be profitable. Uh that's a lot for an institution to compete with. And I think for a bank, they're looking to you guys to help compete there, right? And kind of help drive uh that direction. And so as you look at all of the providers out there, there's so much dollars that needs to be spent on, we'll just say innovation. It's a lot to manage. And then what we end up doing is especially at the cores kind of building these bundles where everything gets trapped inside and doesn't work outside. And I know I I'll use the term core agnostic for lack of a better, but I' i've heard a lot of that from different folks at CSI kind of this thesis and especially through you know I'm thinking about Hawthorne River, Aperture, other acquisitions you guys have done sort of uh this idea of it doesn't have to just be locked inside of CSI core users. we could have best of breed things that maybe go to other banks, other institutions, etc. Uh, I just wanted to hear from you. I'm sure that there's a there's a brilliant strategy behind there and I'd love to hear more about &gt;&gt; Yeah, we just, you know, we just reorganized a company a few weeks ago around that whole topic. So, we um so we have a core division which is led by Geo Mastani who you guys probably know been with CSI a long time. Actually have the new product head Pankash Sarda there. everything core payments doc solutions and financial crime all of that's there and then we we stood up what we call digital engagement solutions which is Aperture CSI digital Hawthorne River and velocity that's led by Chris Cox from the was leader on the aperture side and Daniel Hazley's product side and bringing those together to your point all of those solutions integrate with multiple cores they have banks all the way up to you know they can go up to 200 billion asset they probably have the largest price 70 billion there's some credit unions in there. Um, and those are best of breed products to your point that that we are going to continue invest in. But part of that part of that investment is deeper integration to the core. So our CSI cores can benefit but continued investment in other cores. Uh because I think you know the more we can add best to breed products that fit you know multiple cores and markets it's going to benefit the core clients. And so we've definitely um seen the benefit of kind of that but but we won't lose sight of just the integration you know to the CSI core because we have the ability obviously to do that with new point. So, so yeah, it's definitely a strategy and I would I would tell you in the core side, you know, we think our market is denovo up to call it 25 billion in asset community banks uh very focused on that and then in that kind of digital solutions digital engagement like I said we have credit unions we have denovo again all the way up to you know 60 70 billion assets and they're just best to be products that you know all clients can benefit from. So you're right. I mean it's an investment in both the integration to CSI but but just keeping those uh investments going so that they can stand alone and they can be best free in the market. &gt;&gt; I I think it's a great strategy and and a good thing. I don't know. I guess what I'm trying to say Nancy is to me it's like it's like an honorable or ethical thing that we all should be open to of let's choose our sandbox and play well in it and not look at somebody as competitive just because we're serving the same market. They're gonna have different parts and pieces, but we've I think banks and the rest of us, the the vendor partner crowd, we've all been a little isolationist and building our little our little forts for a little bit too long. And uh I I really watch the the fintech side of the world and they really help each other and they they don't have the tools that we have yet. They're highly competitive with us. And I think it's just being a little more they let their walls down and they're a little more open knowledge sharing. They don't get too worked up about certain products. They have the things that they focus on. And I think that's what I'm hearing. It's a good thing. I'm I'm excited about it. &gt;&gt; I'm excited to that is a lot of And look, we have multiple user groups and like I said, we brought a number of clients together last week under that same context of like, you know, let's work together, make sure, you know, um there's some consistency in the big rocks that you need from us. And it brings them together more as a network. Like they they they're going to have their own meetings. You know what I mean? To your point, they've got to get more, you know, kind of open and collaborative together. I think they all want to, but it's our our job to kind of bring them together and help them put a forum together to do that. And then and then for us to have, you know, transparent communications with them and input from them. So big believer in that as well. &gt;&gt; That's great. Hannah and I have talked many of times and it's exciting right where you guys are headed. I love the culture. Love the staff. Uh the community banks are excited to go to your conferences which is a fun thing to do. &gt;&gt; You guys right CX. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; I remember as a banker walking into a conference thinking, "Oh man, I don't know what's going to happen." I walk into your conference, everybody's like high-fiving each other. I'm like, "This is a cool place to be." Right. &gt;&gt; So, I guess my question becomes what's next? Right? I mean, you you've made some great acquisitions, you got great teams, you're doing really cool stuff. I can't wait to hear what's next on your list. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think for us, you know, it is kind of um like I said, we we did some restructuring and a lot of the key I mean there's all the day-to-day relationships remain the same, but but we've kind of kind of rolling rolled that out and just executing on that so we serve our customers the best we can. But the big ones are are kind of kind of what we talked about that all the commercial pieces whether we buy partner take equity stake build it those are kind of in motion uh and they'll take some time some of that stuff is is you know are are kind of large kind of capabilities we need to deliver clients but but we'll do it incrementally and in some cases you know acquire um and then it is the data AI side is a big focus for us as it should be for everybody you know aperture actually was we were doing a fair amount but Aperture was doing quite a bit and so kind of consolidating more or less our our kind of data across the entire kind of CSI footprint wrapping all the right governance around it getting it all in one place and then being able to deliver um you know much richer AI experiences and predictive analytics that's a big focus um you know we're already doing quite a bit to be honest in AI both internally and in some of the products and some of the end user stuff, but there's just a lot a lot to be done there. And so I would I'd say the two biggest things are for us commercial, you know, kind of rounding that out and and that whole piece of kind of data and AI that you'll see us, you know, making plays again, whether it's building, buying or partner, it's going to be a mix of all of the above. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Well, I got to tell you, Nancy, I really enjoyed it. We caramemed a heck of a lot in a short period of time and I I just want to say thank you for joining us and uh I I just will continue to watch and we're excited for you guys and I actually Matthew and I are very appreciative of all the good things you guys are doing for community bank. So, thank you for coming. &gt;&gt; Thank you. And thank you guys for what you do. I I really appreciate I think the the community banking community loves what you guys do because you're just advocates and you know I love it and appreciate all the interaction and input you give to us as well. You bet. We'll see you next time. &gt;&gt; All right. See you guys. Take care. &gt;&gt; See you. &gt;&gt; Byebye.
