---
ticker: ROP
type: youtube
title: "Roper Technologies Stock Analysis: Buy, Hold, or Sell?"
channel: "Parkev Tatevosian, CFA"
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkQx7K-KYd0
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 6797
---

# Roper Technologies Stock Analysis: Buy, Hold, or Sell?

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Parkev Tatevosian, CFA
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkQx7K-KYd0

## 转录全文

Roper Technologies is a business that generates over half of its revenue through application software, another quarter percentage of its revenue through technology enabled products and another quarter% through network software. So investors are curious about this business and I'm going to answer whether or not I think this business is a buy at current market prices. But before I do that, I'm going to evaluate the company's risks, its major risks that it faces, and I'll share with you my proprietary discounted cash flow valuation for Rober Technologies to let you know what I think this business is worth today. I'll also evaluate the business on a forward price to earnings ratio and then look at their margins, the operating profit margin and the free cash flow margin. Bring it all together and answer whether or not I think the stock is a buy at the current market price. I want to thank the Mly Fool for sponsoring this video. Visit fool.com/parkkev for the 10 best stocks to buy now. So, the first risk I'm going to highlight is macroeconomic sensitivity and then a slowdown in enterprise spending. The economic uncertainty that we're entering is higher than usual. We last saw this kind of a slowdown in late 2022. Given President Donald Trump's tariffs that he placed on countries trading with the United States, businesses have turned more cautious. Businesses are preparing for a slowdown in consumer spending and they're cutting costs wherever they're they can. And so one of the areas they might cut costs is in application software and network software. they can see this as an area of discretionary spending that they can pull back on to try and save cost amid this economic turmoil. The other risk I'm going to highlight is regulatory and compliance risk in government contracts. The the Department of Defense heightened SEC scrutiny on government contractors is a challenge for Roper and especially because government spending has slowed down considerably. Remember, one of the initiatives that President Donald Trump wanted to initiate this year was a slowdown or a cut of government spending. And we already seen many government contracts get slashed with President Donald Trump and the partnership with Department of the Government Efficiency, which was led by Elon Musk. They went around cutting as many contracts as they can. And so there's been a slowdown in new government contracts and that could be a risk for Roper Technologies. And lastly, cyber security and data privacy concerns. Any security breaches could harm Roer's reputation, which will lead to legal claims and result in significant litigation costs. But worse than that, the company's reputational loss because it's an application software and a network software company. a data breach and privacy concerns is more than usual for businesses that are publicly traded. And so this is something that investors will constantly have to monitor. Thankfully, there haven't been any major incidents with Rober Technologies and so investors don't have to fear a company with recurring habitual data breaches and security concerns. So, now that we looked at the major risks that it's facing, let's check out my discounted cash flow valuation for Rober Technologies. By the way, uh channel members have access to dozens and dozens of step-by-step calculations of these discounted cash flow models. If you're interested, join as a channel member. Less than $5 a month, it's a great value. But in in this video, I'm just going to look at the outcome. And the intrinsic value per share I calculated for Roper is 550. The current market price is 566. So I apply a margin of safety between 5 and 10% and this is well within that range. So I can say Roper Technology stock is fairly valued according to my discounted cash flow valuation. I also like to look at valuation on a forward price to earnings basis and my preferred data source is fat.io. I have a link in the description for a discount. The forward PE for Roer Technologies is 27.84, which is on the lower end of where this stock has traded for going back to January of 2024. You can see that big decrease in valuation in uh April of this year. The valuation fell from around uh 30 down to 26. And that was a result of all of those major cuts in government contracts. The cut cost cutting initiatives led investors to say, you know what, maybe we're less optimistic about Rober Technologies uh compared to where we were before the election of President Donald Trump. And I also wanted to look at the margins. I want to look at the operating profit margin and the free cash flow margin, which are both excellent. The free cash flow margin for Roper Technologies is 32% which is among the best uh on the higher end of free cash flow margins of all of the businesses I evaluate. And the operating profit margin of 28.2% is also really strong. It's not in the higher end of all the companies that I follow, but it's definitely not on the lower end. It's uh it's it's in the good tier. It's in the good to excellent tier. A little bit troubling for the operating margin is that it's been flat for the previous decade. We haven't seen growth here. It was 28.9%. Now it's 28.2%. So it's flat. I like to see a business as it learns to operate more effectively to expand its operating profit margin. H that's something that's not as uh desirable the number for Roert Technologies. But the good thing is that Robber Technologies is not trading at like a super premium valuation. And so I don't have to be too picky with its free cash flows, its operating margins, its revenue growth, its competitive pressure and risks. Right? When I'm looking at a business that's trading at a forward PE of 100 or 125, then I look for everything to be just right. When I'm looking at a business like Roper Technologies that's trading at a forward PE of under 30, it can have some undesirable traits or some things that are not excellent and still make a good investment because the valuation is not selling at a super premium price. All right, so with all that being said, do I think Roert Technology stock is a buy at the current market price? I think so. And so I have the stock rated as a buy. After evaluating its risks and looking at the valuation, I think the stock makes sense for long-term investors at the current market price. Hey everyone, I'm excited to announce that my book is finally available for sale. I've been working on it for more than a year now. So, I'm really excited to finally share this with you. Now, it goes through my framework for evaluating stocks. Some of you often ask why I like this stock or why I like the other stock. And this framework provides you the things that I look at when I'm evaluating stocks. I've added the link in the description below.
