---
ticker: ROP
type: youtube
title: "RoperTechnologies Stock Is Down -45%: When Will It Be A Buy? $ROP"
channel: "Confident Compounding with Cory Cramer"
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQijT2Fd7OM
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 19936
---

# RoperTechnologies Stock Is Down -45%: When Will It Be A Buy? $ROP

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Confident Compounding with Cory Cramer
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQijT2Fd7OM

## 转录全文

Hello everybody. Welcome to Confident Compounding with Corey Kramer. Today we're going to take a look at Roper Technology stock, ticker R O. I've had lots of requests for this one. It's down about 45% off its highs and stock has basically been in freef fall the past well honestly the past like nine months pretty much. Um, as always, not individual investing advice, just how I analyze stocks. I do have weekly picks over on Patreon for $25 a month if you want to check those out. And I have a free tier on Patreon, too. Um, where I'll be post where I post a lot of the request videos that are for smaller companies. Um, I haven't done too many in the past couple weeks because the market's been a little crazy. Um, and I've just been busy, but whenever I have extra time, then I I post those over there. That that those are the tickers on the chalkboard behind me. Um, although I'm pretty sure Roper is up there as well. So, Roer Technologies um is sort of a rollup company. So, they buy smaller companies uh mostly it looks like application software, network software, technology enabled products. Um and then there's a big list of all the smaller companies that they own here um down at the bottom. Right. So, the software apocalypse has definitely hit these guys now. They have a very good long-term track record. Let's go ahead and go into the Someone did ask me um in the last video, I do have a uh 25% off affiliate link for FastCrafts down in the description. I don't always mention it um even though I use it in most of my videos. So, I actually contacted them because since I use their software and basically all my videos uh just to see if they had an affiliate program and that that's how I ended up using it. But, I've used it for um many years now, I think. close to 10 year, like eight years probably. We're in the eighth or ninth year that I've been using it. And actually, I owned Roer for a little while during I bought it during this dip back in 2018. Um, and took advantage of this kind of rise here. Um, and I took profits pretty quickly. It wasn't it didn't end up being a long-term hold. And one of the reasons it didn't is one, the the valuation got a little bit high, but rollup companies are not my favorite um businesses. uh but they can work like there are are a handful of them you know half a dozen or so that have been able to do it for a couple decades really successfully and so I don't like I don't discount that um too much you know I I accept that there are managements that are able to do that over the long term but the bigger these companies get the harder it gets for them to do that um so not my favorite style company and that kind of led me to go ahead and take profits back then and I haven't owned it since. But the valuation's been like if you look on the fast graph like we're up in the upper 20s to 30s during this time period. Yeah, it barely got below a 30 valuation. Um sometimes what happens with a lot of these companies is they have a really great long-term track record. So if you look at the earnings per share um area kind of here this green area under the u fast graph on the fast graph you only see the great recession saw 13% decline in adjusted earnings per share. They had a 2% decline back in 2016 and then uh COVID barely 2% decline. So these are adjusted earnings. We can look at the basic earnings too. Sometimes those can be a little lumpier. Not much though really. Like this can kind of be explained, right? We're back to kind of a normal level. So overall, not a super cyclical business. They also don't um buy back a ton of shares. At least they don't reduce their shares outstanding very much. So you don't have to make a lot of Whoops, I clicked the wrong button. You don't have to make a lot of adjustments for that. Uh it's really just a question of um as we'll see in a little bit how much their adjustments on their adjusted earnings uh make sense um and how accurate they'll be in the future which I do think is going to be a big question mark here and and I'll show you when we get to the valuation here in a second why that's so so because they have stable earnings growth over a long period of time quality company for the past 20 years, not super cyclical historically. Um, I've made a couple videos now the past two weeks about the software apocalypse um, and AI and sharing my thoughts on that from a couple different angles and then I've covered a lot of these other stocks that have fallen a lot too. So, this fits in the same category. I'm not going to talk too much about the bigger picture. Um, I'm just going to get into the valuation and show how those different thoughts might affect the valuation. So, let's first shorten this to like a 10-year time period, which is my kind of standard. Now, unfortunately, we don't have a recession in here. During this time, I don't count the COVID blip here as a real recession because so much money was put into the economy basically to stop it and it was just weird. Um, not a normal economic cycle type of a situation. So, but they did fine during the Great Recession. So, you know, not a ton of danger historically based on like earnings falling a ton. Now, [snorts] just because the past has happened that way doesn't mean the future couldn't be different, but I like to start with the past and then kind of use my logic to kind of see what makes sense going forward. Um, all right. So, one thing worth noting is this stock, as I showed before, has traded at a very high PE ratio. Let's look at uh I can add the average. So that whoops let's do normal PE. So that's this blue line now is kind of the average PE during this time which is a 29. Now really a 30 PE like a good earnings growth rate for that is like 20% a year or at least upper teens percentages per year. So to me it's been overvalued essentially this entire time period. Maybe with the exception of this dip during COVID and when I bought it briefly in December 2018. Um I guess it pulled back a little bit here but by that time earnings growth had slowed right back during uh leading into COVID earnings were had a 43% growth 25% growth and 10%. So growing much faster than during this other period here that we'll look that's more recent. That's also worth noting. Um so when when a stock trades at a high valuation like that um the basic earnings growth here that they have is 12 a.5%. Uh but almost all that is going to come from 2017. Like if we shorten this graph a little bit it drops to 9 and a half. If we shorten it to eight years it drops to seven um and 7.74. So the more recent time period has definitely seen slower growth and that's worth noting even though the 10-year when you include those two growth years that happened 9 and 10 years ago, you know, next year those are going to fall off this 10-year time frame. Definitely worth looking at that because 8 years isn't a short amount of time, right? Um even though it's not a full 10-year period. Um, and the trend has been pretty steady, slower earnings growth. All right, so that should give you some caution and also really question this high valuation. So now we're at a PE of we'll call it 16. Um, which is a normal valuation for a business that's growing in the high single digits, right? Historically. So, even though this stock is down 45% off its highs, just without even really crunching the numbers here, we shouldn't think that it's cheap. It's only cheap, it only looks cheap after the stock price fell because it was overvalued. Okay, that's my kind of take. Now, the market has adjusted what it considers to be [snorts] what's worth paying for a stock. But as I was going to say earlier, when you have a stock that's done nothing but go up essentially for 20 years, it basically can collect shareholders who just aren't going to sell. Uh, for one, a lot of people would have to pay taxes on the on the sale. So they just want to it's just easier to hang on to it and they have such a good history that they feel like, you know, they they're not motivated to really sell until something really scary starts to happen like the stock falls off a cliff, which is what we're seeing now. I'm sure there's short sellers in here, too. I don't know. I don't know if there short interest is shown here. I don't see it, but it doesn't really matter. um all these SAS stock or um software stocks are going to have a lot of short sellers coming in at this point because that's the trade that that's going on. So, we have to set all those things aside and just do a straight up valuation and that helps give us like some concrete base to sort of work from. Right now, the way I do this um in most of these videos for steady earning companies is to use a time until payback method. So, this is if you bought the company today, how long would it take the company via its earnings and earnings growth to pay back the amount of money they paid for it at today's price? Um, so if you pay $100 for the company, how long would it take them to earn $100 in earnings? Okay, that's that's the thing. And to be a buy, I really like that to be about 9 to 10 years, kind of right on the cusp of the 9 to 10 year payback frame. Uh overvalued is usually about like overvalued enough to sell is usually like the 15y yearish time frame. And so in between that 10 and 15 year is a range of fair value to slightly undervalued to overvalued, right? Um so it all fits within kind of that 5-year time until payback period. So let's get into that. So we need two things in order to estimate this. we need um the current earnings yield that we think the earnings yield is at which is just the PE ratio inverted um and then we so instead of uh price over earnings it's earnings over price and that will give us a percentage so you can actually look on the fast graph they have their own calculation here they're showing it 6.28% 28%. Mine's going to be lower than that and I'll show you why in a second. Um, so you need the earnings yield and then you need an earnings growth rate. Um, so in order to calculate both of these, it sounds simple but it it's a little bit more complicated. I blend forward um analyst expectations and adjusted earnings with uh backwardlooking basic earnings and historical earnings growth rate. Uh so for the first thing we want to know is how in order to get the earnings yield you need to know the price and the earnings right so with the price is easy we can just look at it as $321 a share um the earnings are a little bit different right because for one we can use backward earnings we can use forward earnings we can use current earnings we can use adjusted earnings and basic earnings and lots of different other things you could also use cash flow and things like that um so what I do is I take forward earnings from analyst expectations here which is $2144 a share and then and these are adjusted earnings and then I take the trailing 12 month basic earnings so without the adjustments. Now, you can do that on fast graphs. If you click the basic earnings, and you can see that it doesn't look nearly as good on the basic earnings, right? It's a 22p instead of a 16p. Um, and the trailing basic earnings were $14.30. I think I use this is annual, so this is just wherever the year ended. I think mine is going to be pretty close to that. Um, if they have reported this, I don't know if they've reported this 2025 numbers or not. It looks like they have um I use Y charts for my trailing 12-month basic um earnings. So, I can look at it what it is actually right now. Um so, what I do is I average those together. So, here's what I have. 1441. That was pretty close to what the Fast Graphs had for the basic trailing 12-month earnings, which is a lot lower than the Forward Analysts um adjusted earnings. So, I blend those two together and average them. So that's $17.93. It's probably even more important to do that, I think, with this stock right now because if they've made these acquisitions and they're adjusting their earnings for what they think they're worth and they're a bunch of software companies that are going to be worth less uh because of AI, which is why the stock's selling off, um then the their adjustments might not be accurate. Um, so I like to give I'm giving half the benefit of the doubt to analysts and management and half to what they've actually done. So we saw back there the that earnings yield was 4.43% pretty close actually to the fast graphs using the basic earnings. So much closer to that. That's the EPS yield. That's the earnings yield. Um, so I think I'm on target here for and they blend their backward and forward together similar to what I'm doing. On some companies it makes a bigger difference. So I do it myself. Um, but in this case almost exactly the same, right, as the Fast Graph's basic earnings. So that's going to create a less attractive valuation. Another adjustment that I'm going to make is for their debt. So, I assume that we're going to buy the company and the debt. So, when you get paid when you pay everything off, uh the company's paid off with the earnings and the debt is paid off. So, you have a debt-free uh business and how long that you own that you've completely paid off. That's the philosophy kind of behind the thinking of it. So, in order to do that, I take the total enterprise value um and the market cap. So total enterprise value is what the company's worth with the debt minus the cash basically kind of in short-term investments all that it kind of says right here on the fast graph if you want to read it. Um so that's if you want to buy everything including debt m and you get the cash too. So you they subtract that out right. Um so I look at the percentage difference between the market cap and then what it would actually cost. So, if you're going to buy the company, the market cap is 34 billion. But if you buy the company and you pay off the debt, um, and you have 43 billion. So, I look at the percentage difference between those and I add that to the stock price for the valuation. And that's what this calculation here does. So, instead of $321 a share, I'm assuming it's more like $45 a share. That also makes a less attractive valuation. So these are two ways in which um the initial fast graph which look like kind of a fair valuation historically on its surface doesn't look quite as good when you consider you have debt and you also have adjusted earnings that where the adjustments might not be right okay in the future they might get written down basically. Um, okay. So, back to the Whoops, wrong tab. Okay. So, now we need earnings growth rate. So, historically, um, I have a 10.67% earnings growth rate, um, over the past 10 years or so. And that would include, one of the things the fast graph doesn't include are down years. There looks like there was only one here. So, I would include this downear. So, it's again, it's based on the idea that you're collecting these earnings over time. And what would the earnings growth keer be? So mine's a little bit more conservative. I also don't think I included this last year. So it was something like this. We can see what fast graphs has. So I have 13%. I'm definitely more conservative than this. But as I showed earlier, um, if you just move forward a couple years, this is like 7.8% and I'm more generous than that number. Right? So I think it's a fair earnings growth uh historical earnings growth number to use. And then again I blend that with analyst forward expectations which is 7%. So I take uh 10.67 and 7 and that gives me an earning expected earnings growth rate of 8.84%. And an earnings yield of 4.43%. And I want to know how long with these assumptions it would take to earn my money back. So, the way to think about this is if you bought the whole business for $100 and there was no earnings growth, you would earn $443 a year on your $100 um owner share of ownership or owning the whole company. I like to think of it as just owning the whole company, but it's all I always use 100 bucks because it the earnings yield that can be adjusted to any price then, right? Um, so you so in this case you would collect $443 the first year, $443 the next year, on and on and on and whatever the PE ratio is, what it would take you to earn your money back. I think we saw on the fast graph it was like 22 to 23 years something or PE. So 22 23 years, but because earnings are actually growing each year at 8 or 9% um you actually earn back faster than that, right? So here's kind of how the calculation looks in the spreadsheet. I pull the first year's growth forward. So, first year $4.82 and you get to keep that. Uh, next year $524 and you keep that. Next year, $5.71 and you get to keep that. And you want to know how long to to accumulate $100. And in this case, it' take about 13 years. So, that's pretty much um fair value. maybe slightly I'd probably call that a slightly overvalued um even though the stock has sold off 45%. um not super overvalued but a little bit now in order to get that down to 10 years right at the 10 9 year 10 year threshold um in my full service which is over on Patreon 2 um I have a more specific calculation that I do that's very similar just earnings and earnings growth calculation as well um but it's a little bit more precise and using that I get a $21 uh buy price, which I think is about 30 something% lower than the stock is today. Uh, now we can change a couple things if you want to be more generous to them. So, if you think adjusted earnings are the way to go and that that that's all going to work out fine and the market won't care about anything else, we can adjust that to those um to those estimates, right? And now we have an 11-year time until payback. Um, and that would be a higher buy price, which I just have to test a few numbers here to see when it gets down to like it wouldn't be that much higher. I mean, we're looking at two. So, what was it? 2011 before. So, probably around 240ish. Yeah, a little under two $240 a share if you don't make the adjustments for for basic earnings. Um, so still lower. Um, so to me, this is not one to buy anytime soon. And then the question will be if it does get to 2011, which could happen very quickly the rate things are going, uh, would it would it be a buy then or do we want to wait for momentum? I think that's a tossup and probably depends on what else is going on in your portfolio um and what new information we have um at that time. So, uh leave me some comments if you notice that it hits uh 2011. I'll probably notice it. Now, I will say that if forward earnings expectations get worse, then that buy price will get even lower. Okay? So, that's important to keep in mind as well. um it could keep getting adjusted down if the actual earnings now the stock price alone won't adjust that down. Uh so but 2011 is where it looks like okay that's a not only is that a fair price but that would be with a margin of safety as well. Um so when I give buy prices they have a margin of safety built in. They don't um they aren't just like fair value. Some people think that they're really low, and they are really low because they have a margin of safety built in. Again, in my full service, I put the fair value averages, too, in case people are curious about where those stand. Um, so it's not just total sticker shock when you see the low buy prices. All right, if you found this useful, uh, hit the like and subscribe button. If you have a request, go ahead and put it in the comments. I know I have a few that I haven't replied to for a while because I need to I try to write them on my board before I let you guys know um that they're on the list. And like I said, these uh sort of more pressing ones I've been bumping to the top lately. Uh but I will eventually get to everybody's requests. Um, so hit the like and subscribe button, check out the free uh Patreon tier, and I'll see everybody
