---
ticker: ROP
type: youtube
title: "ROP Stock | Roper Technologies Inc Q2 2025 Earnings Call"
channel: "AlphaStreet"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQOC24VkJvc
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 59384
---

# ROP Stock | Roper Technologies Inc Q2 2025 Earnings Call

## 视频信息
- **频道**: AlphaStreet
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQOC24VkJvc

## 转录全文

Good morning. The Rupert Technologies conference call will now begin. Today's call is being recorded. All participants will be in a listenon mode. Should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing star zero on your Touchstone Telephone. I would now like to turn the call over to Zach Moxy, vice president of investor relations, V. Good morning and thank you all for joining us as we discuss the second quarter 2025 financial results for Roer Technologies. Joining me on the call this morning are Neil Hun, president and chief executive officer, Jason Connley, executive vice president and chief financial officer, Brandon Cross, vice president and principal accounting officer, and Shannon O'allahan, senior vice president of finance. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release announcing our financial results. The press release also includes replay information for today's call. We have prepared slides to accompany today's call which are available through the webcast and are also available on our website. And now if you'll please turn to page two. We begin with our safe harbor statement. During the course of today's call, we will make forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties as described on this page in our press release and in our SEC filings. You should listen to today's call and the context of that information. And now please turn to page three. Today we will discuss our results primarily on an adjusted, non-GAAP and continuing operations basis for the second quarter. The difference between our GAP results and adjusted results consists of the following items. Amortization of acquisition related intangible assets, transaction related expenses associated with completed acquisitions. And lastly, financial impacts associated with minority investments, including cash taxes paid resulting from the sale of our minority interest in Certinia. Reconciliations can be found in our press release and in the appendex of this presentation on our website. And now, if you please turn to page four, I'll hand the call over to Neil. After our prepared remarks, we'll take questions from our telephone participants. Neil, thank you, Zach, and thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. As we turn to page four, you'll see the topics we plan to cover today. We'll start with our second quarter highlights, including reviewing the platform acquisition we announced earlier today, Subsplash. Then we'll go through our segment results and our improved outlook for the full year and then get to your questions. So let's go ahead and get started. Next slide, please. As we turn to page five, let me highlight the four key takeaways for today's call. First, we posted another solid quarter financial results. Total revenue grew 13%, organic revenue grew 7%. Software bookings grew in the high teens area and we continued to deliver impressive cash flow with free cash flow margins coming in at 31% for the TTM period. Second, we announced earlier today the acquisition of another great vertical market software provider, Subsplash, which I'll get to in a bit. Then given the strong first half performance and the anticipated completion of the subsplash acquisition, we're raising our fullear total revenue guidance and our fullear depth outlook. And finally, we continue to be very well positioned for capital deployment and continue to have more than 5 billion of available firepower over the course of the next 12 months. Please turn to page six where we'll discuss Subsplash. Subsplash is a cloudnative and AI enabled software provider serving faith-based organizations. As a leading provider of digital engagement, church management, and integrated giving solutions, their purpose-built platform enables customers to serve congregations while engaging with members more effectively. Subsplash partners with 20,000 faith-based organizations to help them become digitally native by deepening member engagement, reducing manual administrative burden through automation, streamlining content distribution, and integrating digital giving solutions, all supporting their customers core mission. Simply put, Subsplash enables these organizations to allocate more time and resources to what matters most, ministering to and engaging with their congregation in a digitally native way, whether it be online or on an in-person basis. Importantly, this customer value proposition strengthens further as the company's AI native capabilities are further deployed across the product stack. In terms of investment highlights, the purchase price is 800 million. We expect Subsplash to deliver 115 million of revenue and 36 million of IBIDA for the 12 months ending Q3 of 2026. This business meets all of our long-standing acquisition criteria, leader in a niche, competes on the basis of customer intimacy, has strong gross margins, and converts high levels of cash flow. Subsplash reflects the maturing leader acquisition profile of being a higher organic growth business. In this case, in the high teens area and competes in a $2.5 billion US TAM with about half being currently served and potential to meaningfully expand internationally. In addition, Subsplash is well positioned to materially improve their gross and ebon margins over the next three to five years, and we expect to deliver this by executing a handful of the available levers. As a result, we expect to see Subsplash's organic revenue growth convert to high 20% EVA growth over the next 3 to 5 years. We will finance this transaction with a revolver and report the results in our network software segment. Subsplash represents another powerhouse addition delivering critical solutions to a customer base with deep ongoing needs for these capabilities. To the Subsplash team, we're so excited for you to join Roper. Thank you for all of the super important work you do for your customer community and for trusting Roper to become your permanent partner. So, with that, let me turn the call over to Jason to walk through our P&amp;L and balance sheet. Jason. Thanks, Neil, and good morning everyone. I'll now take you through our Q2 financial highlights on slide seven. The second quarter was another solid installment in what we believe will be a good year for Rover. Revenue of 1.94 billion was up 13% over prior year and well balanced with 7% organic growth and a 6% increase from acquisitions with central reach results contributing since the April 23rd close date. Organic growth was strong across the portfolio, demonstrating resilient demand for our missionritical solutions. Importantly, and as expected, network software year-over-year growth notably improved from Q1 given more normal comps at MHA, increased freight match unit economics and recovery at Foundry. IBIDA of 775 million was up 12% and generated Ebida margin of 39.9%. Core enterprise operating margin was flat the prior year with core segment margin up 40 basis points. This follows a similar pattern to Q1 bringing our year-to- date core segment margin expansion to 70 basis points. For the diluted EPS, we delivered $4.87 versus our guidance range of 480 to 484 on strong revenue growth and excellent core operating leverage. Finally, free cash flow of 400 billion was up 10% versus prior year, which drives TTM free cash flow to over 2.3 billion. The recent passage of the Big Beautiful Bill Act provided a permanent repeal of section 174 capitalization of R&amp;D expenditures. We are therefore reducing our cash tax payments for 2025 by around 150 million to reflect the cumulative reversal of capitalization of which about 60 million benefited our second quarter. We will also see a benefit of 120 million carry into next year due to deduction limitations in 2025. Adjusting out the section 174 impact our three-year TTM free cash flow kegger would be about 14%. So overall, good news in offsetting some near-term deal dilution and fueling our growth equation. Now let's turn to slide eight to discuss our strong financial position. We finished the quarter with a healthy balance sheet and substantial capacity for continued capital deployment. We exited at 2.9 times net debt to ibida and proforma for subsplash this would be around 3.1 times. Additionally, our cash balance was 242 million and our revolver had 1.4 billion drawn against our $3.5 billion credit facility. So even with sub slash closing this month, as Neil outlined, this gives us over 5 billion in M&amp;A firepower. This substantial capacity positions us very well to executing on our discipline capital employment strategy. To that end, while the sponsor to sponsor market is still somewhat muted, we are active on a number of both platform and bolt-on transactions that reflect the characteristics of higher growth and increasing long-term value capture with Subsplash being a case in point. With that, I'll turn it back over to Neil for our segment highlights guidance update. Neil, thanks Jason. As we turn to page 10, let's review our application software segment. Revenue for the quarter grew by 17% in total and organic revenue grew by 6%. Evbid margins were 42.9% and core margins improved 70 basis points in the quarter. As it turns into the businesses, we'll start with DelTech. DelTech grew in the mid singles range in the quarter, both recurring and total revenues. As highlighted on the slide, DelTech continues to have strong migration to their cloud offerings while the business continues to innovate at a rapid pace and has benefited by very strong growth and net retention. As it relates to the federal government contracting outlook, we believe the big beautiful bill's spending priorities and sheer volume will be a catalyst for market growth, which has been tid for the last 24 months or so. The timing of market reaceleration is still to be determined, but we believe will occur over the course of the next few quarters. Importantly, during the quarter, DelTech made substantial progress in regard to their AI based product capability and recently announced their new flagship GovCon product cost point fully embeds their AI assistant, Dela, to help deploy intelligent task oriented agents to streamline repetitive processes and help users make faster, better, informed decisions. Exciting stuff here and lots more to come for sure. Adorate continues to be it continues to be incredibly strong and posted their best bookings quarter in the company's history. The booking strength is broad-based fueled by their AI enabled solutions and is a combination of market share gains, cloud migration and SAS growth. Congrats and thanks to Chris and the entire team at Aderant. Keep up the amazing work. Veraphor continues once again to be steady and solid for us. We continue to see consistent ARR growth and strong customer retention here with strength across their agency, MGA and carrier solutions. This growth is enabled by their strong go-to market capabilities and their long-term commitment to product strength. We look forward to talking about this and their AIA enabled solutions in subsequent calls. Power plan continues to be outstanding. As we mentioned last quarter, the team has done a great job at making the revenue stream more recurring in nature. In addition, they continue to get amazing feedback with their innovative cloud offerings which are driving strong SAS migration activity. As a result, Power Plan just continues to win in the market with their new SAS solution and near 100% gross retention. Proare and transact seabboard continue to perform very well in their respective markets. Oi also saw very good results from the healthcare IT portion of this segment strata data innovations and clinicis. Finally, central reach is awesome in the early days has exceptional momentum record expansion activity and a 70% enterprise new client win rate all in a quarter. As it relates to the outlook for the second half of the year, we continue to expect organic revenue growth to be in the mid-s singledigit plus area. Please turn with us to page 11. Total revenue in our network segment grew 6% and organic revenue 5% in the quarter. Ebon margins remain strong at 54.6% and core margins improved 20 basis points. As we dig into the individual businesses, we'll start with DAT. DAT was solid in the quarter and had strong RPOU improvements. The market continues to be stable, albeit bouncing along the bottom. Also in the quarter, we integrated Load Link, our Canadian freight match business with DAT. We expect the integration to deliver over time a more unified and efficiently deployed North American freight match network. DAT continues executing exceptionally well on their core strategy of driving enhanced network value for both brokers and carriers. This dual-sided approach positions us to better monetize our entire network ecosystem. Supporting this strategy, DAT made significant progress integrating Trucker Tools, our Q4 Bolton acquisition, and completing the acquisition of Alco, an AI native factoring technology solution combined with the DAT network foundation. These integrated products and assets now deliver substantially more value to both carriers and brokers. Looking forward, DAT will maintain their aggressive execution of this network value enhancement strategy, positioning the business for continued growth and improved monetization across all. Construct connect was solid for us in the quarter. The growth was fueled by strong customer bookings activity and improved customer retention. Of note, this business continues to make good progress with their emerging AI enabled takeoff and estimating solution. Foundry declined in a quarter as expected, but we continue to see market recovery signs as they grew their sequential AR for the first time since the actors and writer strikes. Good to see recovery start here. Also in the quarter, Foundry's new product Nuke Stage started gaining traction in the market, specifically with a very large studio and several smaller customers. Nuke Stage enables the power of post-production compositing to occur in the production phase of a pipeline. An exciting new capability that will help drive cost savings for the industry. Finally, our network healthcare businesses, MHA, SHP, and softwriters were very good in the quarter. As we turn to the outlook for the second half of the year, we expect to see revenue growth in the mids singledigit plus range. Now, please turn to page 12 and let's review our TP segments quarterly results. Revenue here grew 10% and organic revenue grew 9%. Even margins came in at 36.7%. We'll start with Neptune, which was once again just solid for us. Neptune continues to do a great job with their ultrasonic meter go to market execution and continue to see strength in their data and software offerings. Verathon continues to execute at a high level as well. In particular, in the quarter, Verathon saw continued strength in their single-use reoccurring solutions, both belex and Glidecope. NDI was really good in the quarter. As discussed in prior quarters, NDI delivers proprietary and world-class precision measurement technologies to a wide variety of healthcare OEMs, which in turn enables the OEMs to deliver guidance enabled solutions across many healthcare markets such as orthopedic surgery, interventional radiology, and cardiac ablation. Finally, there was strong execution which led to growth across Civco, FMI, Inovonics, IPA, and RFIDs. Turning to the outlook for this segment, we expect to see high singledigit organic growth for the second half of the year with a stronger third quarter and a more difficult fourth quarter comp. Before turning to our guidance outlook, I'd like to reflect on our AI perspective, its transformational potential for customers and our enterprise, and the steps we're taking to build lasting advantage. Our strategy is focused and practical. Applying AI to address high impact customer specific challenges. We're confident that AI based innovation substantially expands our business's TAMs where we have a high right to win and will be a core catalyst for our next chapter of growth. The true unlock, the magic, if you will, of AI emerges at the intersection of the specialized missionritical workflows our customers rely on daily and our deep vertical market expertise. Our AI initiatives span all our businesses and we're seeing early traction from compliance solutions to AI enhanced products to AI assistants and intelligent agents that streamline tasks. We're building solutions that deliver tangible highv value outcomes. Today we have approximately 25 AI enabled products either in market or in development. Importantly, our AI innovations create a positive halo effect across many of our businesses, driving booking activity for our broader product stacks. This is an exceptionally fun moment to be at the forefront of innovation, redefining and automating workflows across our vertical markets while unlocking new growth and building durable competitive advantages. Exciting stuff for sure. So with that, please turn with us to page 14. Let's turn to our Q3 and increased fullear year 2025 guidance. Given our strong Q2 performance and anticipated closing of the subsplash acquisition, we're increasing our total revenue growth guide to be in the 13% range. Our organic growth rate of 6 to 7% for the full year remains unchanged. Finally, we're increasing our fullear depths outlook to be 1990 to 2005, which includes about a nickel of subsplash dilution. Our guide continues to assume a fullear effective tax rate in the 21 to 22% area. For the third quarter, we expect adjusted depths to be between $58 and $512 while absorbing 3 cents of subsplash dilution in the quarter. Now, please turn with us to page 15 and then we'll open it up for your questions. We'll conclude with the same key takeaways with which we started. First, our second quarter finance results were quite good. Second, we announced the acquisition of another marketleading vertical market software business, Subsplash. Third, given our solid start to the year, we're raising our fullear guidance. And finally, we remain well positioned for further capital deployment. Relative to our financial results, we grew total revenue 13% and organic revenue 7% in the quarter and delivered 31% free cash flow margins in the TTM period. We're delighted with our acquisition of Subsplash. As discussed, this vertical market leader is missionritical to the delivery of digital engagement, church management, and payments to 20,000 faith-based organizations and has several embedded growth drivers that will support its high teens revenue growth and expanding margin profile. Next, we're raising our foyer outlook. positioned with more than 5 billion of available M&amp;A firepower to deploy capital towards leading vertical market software businesses. Our M&amp;A pipeline continues to be very active and our teams are engaged on several opportunities. As usual, we're excited to pursue these opportunities with our unbiased and disciplined approach. Prior to turning to your questions, and if you could flip to the final slide, our strategic compounding flywheel, we'd like to remind everyone that what we do at Roper is simple. We compound cash flow over a long arc of time by executing a low-risk strategy and running our dual threat offense. First, we have a proven powerful business model that begins with operating a portfolio of marketleading, applicationspecific and vertically oriented businesses. Once a company is part of Roper, we operate a dec decentralized environment so our businesses can compete and win based on customer intimacy. We coach our businesses on how to structurally improve their long-term and sustained organic growth rates and underlying business quality. Second, we own a centralized process-driven capital appointment strategy that focuses in a deliberate and disciplined manner on cultivating, curating, and acquiring the next great vertical market leading business to add to our cash flow compounding flywheel. Taken together, we compound our cash flow over a long arc of time in the mid- teens area, meaning we double our cash flow every 5 years or so. With that, we'd like to thank you for your continued interest and support and open the floor to your questions. All right, thank you. We will now go to our question and answer portion of the call. We request that our callers to limit their questions to one main question and one followup. If you would like to ask a question, you may do so by pressing star key followed by the digit one on your touchdown telephone. If you're using a speaker phone, please pick up your handset before pressing any keys. And to withdraw your question, please press star then the digit two. Again, we request that our callers limit their questions to one main question and one followup. With that, our first question comes from the line of Dylan Becker with William Bear. Please go ahead. &gt;&gt; Hey gentlemen, appreciate the question here. Uh maybe Neil, starting for you, uh kind of the resiliency and strength across the software segments of the business. Can you kind of just give us a general breakdown of of again the emphasis that your customers are are kind of focusing on around productivity kind of in the current context how that's layering in momentum around AI and maybe this prolonged period of uncertainty if if there's any easing that you're seeing there uh as they can't necessarily sit on their hands uh from a decision standpoint uh forever. Thanks. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So um appreciate the question. So first I you know it was nice to see the high teens bookings bookings in the second quarter gives you a sense that in the nooks and crannies of the market that our businesses serve um things are okay also I'd remind you and everybody that the end market exposure we have generally not and not not exclusively but generally are less tied to macro think you know you know education legal you know insurance I mean these are areas that healthcare for sure that are generally less macro sensitive not but they don't they're not ignore they don't they don't ignore the macro sensitivity but that the other thing as you say and and this is not unique to us there's just an unprecedented generational um opportunity in front of us all of our businesses to really drive so much productivity gains inside of our customers with the use of these of our AI tools super we can I'm sure others will have questions on this but lots of momentum in terms of the knowledge that's being built up inside the company and that translating into products into the into the market and then many more products are in development. But that's very exciting. You know, you know, for instance, in Aderrant, it was one of our faster growing businesses in the quarter. Um, they're were one of the probably our first company to get actual AI based products, automation based products into the market. And you see that translating into their bookings activity, not just for the AI specific product, but for the drag along of existing tech stack with it as well. &gt;&gt; Perfect. Very helpful. Thank you. Uh and then maybe on um within uh some of the recent acquisitions as well too, more of a kind of a payments orientation outgo obviously uh within DAT as well. Uh I I guess could you just kind of give us a broader overview? You have a lot of value across the network and platform. You're driving incremental adoption kind of how you're thinking about the positioning of embedded and layering in kind of more payments functionality across the suite and how that can kind of tie into broader TM expansion. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yep. So certainly with uh with proare um certainly with subsplash a little bit or with transact and seabboard uh there is a payments uh element. The thing that's central to all three of those is that the payments the right to to the payments opportunity is earned through the software and and that's very much the case across all three. So we view it as a software heavy R&amp;D to earn the rights. It's very natural control point to have the payments. I'd say it's not a thematic. I would not I would not read too much into the last uh two or three or four three transactions for if you count Ala have a payments angle that we have a strategic uh this strategic decisions been made that we want to layer more payments. I think it's more coincidental than anything else. Um the other thing about payments is it does create you know if payments and software and other a network effect as well just creates a ton of stickiness. uh these businesses tend to have very high both grow gross and net retention. Outgo's a little bit different. Algo is a um is really a the first tech only, tech forward, technative I should say factoring uh software that's used in the transportation space for the carriers that it's really a a slick user interface, a slick um backend to enable just an ease of factoring. And so it's it certainly is it enables commerce and payments but it's a slightly different payments setup. &gt;&gt; Perfect. Thank you guys. Appreciate it. &gt;&gt; And your next question comes from the line of Brandil with Jeffree. Please go &gt;&gt; Uh good morning. Uh Neil, um throughout the quarter, I'm just curious, did did you see any signs of of the tariff headlines or government spending, let alone impact anything or perhaps throughout the quarter? Maybe things got better um as you went through in in the back of the quarter. Can you just give us a sense of of what you saw in terms of the business trends through the quarter and how how that's trended so far in July? Yeah. So on just the broader macro, the tariffs um is obviously all in our TE business is relatively small. I think we said last quarter it's in the 10 to 15 million range that it's still in that. The team's working very hard to mitigate. They've mitigated some of that in supply chain mitigated some of that and pricing. So um I won't I think it's too early to call it non effect. Uh but it for relative to others it's it's quite small relative to the broader other uncertainty. I um in pockets, you know, there's there's uncertainty in K through2 education. So, it's just sort of had a a muted effect on on bookings activity across the industry and Frontline had a slower bookings quarter, but that's in the backdrop of high teens across the whole enterprise for enterprise bookings. Um otherwise I mean government contracting inside of DelTech remains muted as we expected it to occur with with the BBB coming through and sort of not knowing what that was going to look like as well as the the the sort of hangover lasting effects of Doge. But I said in the comments relative to DelTech, we think the big beautiful bill is uh is what the industry's been looking for for the last 24 months or so to unlock and sort of get things moving again given that one there's just a lot of spending in the in the bill relative to this the government contracting. But more importantly or maybe equally as importantly is the category of spend from civilian to defense. You know DoD DHS goes from a relatively low spend where it's contractor spend to a higher contractor spend said differently. Civilian spending is a low contract percentage and defense spending is a high contract percentage. So it uh it should be the unlock. The timing is to be determined because there's still um got to get contract and get spending into the market but it should be measured in in a small number of quarters hopefully. Yeah, the timing is is definitely the question because you've got agencies that don't have uh employees that we normally interact with. So, you've got just a tactical problem at this point, but the demands there, the pipelines very strong at DelTech. &gt;&gt; Great. Thanks. &gt;&gt; I would say as you as you as we switch questions, I I should conclude with I mean, we're talking about this. We're getting ready for a call. We the call downs to our businesses on the macro topic was our business units were cautiously optimistic coming out of the calls and and we were going into the calls not exactly sure we're going to hear and we left equally and cautiously optimistic about the go forward period. &gt;&gt; Right. Thank you. And your next question comes from the line at Joe Brewing with Bear. Please go ahead. &gt;&gt; Great. Thanks for taking my questions. I I wanted to drill down on the high teens bookings. That seems like a very impressive number just given the year ago period was an inflection higher in its own right and it it seems like maybe um you know Govcon or Frontline were not contributors to this quarter. So maybe the question is what did contribute to the the positive trend and at this point given bookings have been better now for five quarters I suppose do you kind of have the backlog you need to inflect your uh organic recurring revenue growth closer to the double digit level. &gt;&gt; Uh thanks Joe Jason I uh yeah no I think it was a very strong quarter. I think you you were correct in highlighting the two areas of weakness that that Neil alluded to was at DelTech and Frontline. Uh otherwise very strong. I mean we mentioned that Aderant had their biggest bookings quarter uh in history. Uh they landed one of the largest ground to cloud conversions um uh ever. So that was good. And then just strength across some of their AI solutions cross-selling there. Um you know healthcare was was solid. I'd say not not spectacular, not above the range, but but solid. Um, so I think, you know, if as we look into it really supports our second half guide. Um, I think, you know, we as as you know, a lot of the bookings activity bends to Q4. So that's for playing more for 26, but you know, this like this after kind of a more a little bit more of a muted first quarter having the high teens kind of supports where we thought you know the where we'd be year to date. And so um so I think I think that's positive to get back on plane. &gt;&gt; And then on AI, yeah, it strikes me even relative to last quarter, there's just a lot more happening, a lot more references to what the individual business units are working on. Do you maybe have a better sense of how that starts to impact the P&amp;L? Um you know, how is it impacting like R&amp;D spend? Are you getting engineering productivity through your own use of tools and then when might the revenue implications start to show up? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, uh this is the question. So, we are definitively getting the internal productivity gains that you'd expect any any company to get. You know, 30% and one of our larger software businesses 30% um productivity gains in R&amp;D for instance. There's productivity gains across customer support, go to market, you know, obviously content generation. There's a long way there's still way more to go get in that regard. Um, and in fact, we have a we have a to-do for our businesses where they're sort of re-underwriting or reimagining their entire business to be AI native. The first part of that is for the customer value chain sort of first, second, third derivative. The second part that's a fast follow is being leaning in very aggressively on the productivity gains. Um in terms of when all this goodness hits the uh P&amp;L um there's it's small today it's tens of millions in terms of um ARR today that's direct uh AI native products that didn't exist you know a year or two ago it's a multiple of that or two it's hard to track but a multiple or two of that terms of the pull along of the rest the other tech stack but we are fundamental believers that this is a compounding effect this compounding effect in terms of the knowledge in inside the business, the skill, the curiosity. It's a compounding effect of of availing the resources and the dollars both from freeing up legacy roadmap work to this work and also just having the dollars gained that we talked about at the beginning of this answer. Um, and then that gets compounding in terms of releases and and and uh and revenue recognition. So, it's going to be small for this year and it'll gain momentum and we get in next year. Like I said, 25 products either in market or in development. That number is going to be much larger um in three months. It'll be much larger in six months. So much so that we'll stop giving you the number because it's everything's just going to blur together in terms of everything's just going to be I native. But we're super super bullish and man is it fun uh to be uh innovating in this market right now. &gt;&gt; Great. Thank thanks no for that. &gt;&gt; Yep. line uh Brad Veack with Steeple. Please go ahead. &gt;&gt; Uh great Neil, following up on that 30% productivity gain comment. How do you decide what falls to the bottom line and what gets invested back into faster organic growth? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So the the strong push to the businesses is at the moment we've been very consistent with this answer is we want to do more than uh for the next period of time then try to get it to the bottom line. You know there's so much to do so much opportunity um to uh to drive product roadmap to drive go to market expansion whatever it is at the individual business level. So that is that is the mantra uh for the time being is do more and drive competitive advantage and and topline growth. &gt;&gt; That's great. On the the AI monetization side of the equation, there's a lot of debate going on inside of software especially as it relates to seatbased models. Do you have a good sense yet of early successes and and the best way to price these products or is that still very much a work in progress? Thanks. I think it's a work in process and I definitely don't believe that or we don't believe there's going to be a one-sizefits-all. Um, so we have products today that again in this this early days you have AI products part particularly at Deltech that are part of the existing subscription that's driving an upgrade to the cloud which is monetizing that way. that is certainly not going to be the long-term method for all, but that is clear and and obvious for the customer base and that customer base right now. You have um others that have a sort of a subscription with sort of a consumption overage and then you have some that are straight consumption and so it's going to be bespoke to the business to the customer. Uh but if I had to say we're there's one that there's gra general some gravitation to it's going to be sort of a subscription with a consumption over the top of it but it's hard to it's we're early days in this but that's those are our initial thoughts. &gt;&gt; Perfect. Thank you very much. line of Joshua Tilton with Wolf Research Easthead. &gt;&gt; Hey guys, can you hear me? &gt;&gt; Hey Joshua. &gt;&gt; Uh great. Just uh two quick ones for me. My first one uh I just want to follow up uh on on the DelTech subject and I guess what I'm trying to understand is uh if I look last quarter it feels like you guys pretty much called out similar growth. So no change in the growth of the business from 2Q to 1Q but you also talked to you know embedding some more conservatism in your outlook uh for DelTech last quarter because of all the uncertainty. So, I guess what I'm trying to understand is um you know, is DelTech just performing ahead of what you initially expected when you kind of set our expectations 90 days ago. &gt;&gt; No, I wouldn't say that. I think we're just the the beautiful bill is is giving us I mean, we had strong pipelines coming into that, but now you you're seeing uh just more activity, especially in defense, which plays strongly to to DelTech. I think the the area that so we're more bullish but I don't think it's a bullish for 25 uh comment. It's um it's more about when we can actually get uh those orders secured um from our from our customers. So we may there may be some upside in the fourth quarter depending on timing but we haven't yet you know sort of contemplated that because it's just been a um it's been just been a very uncertain dynamic in that in that market. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And the upside would come in the form of perpetual which is you know in in Q4. So that's you know obviously hard to predict at this stage. The other part is that DelTech's only 60% GovCon 40% is in professional services markets and they have been that part of the business has been very strong throughout Makes sense. Maybe just to put a finer point on that I guess does the outlook still embed that conservatism that you spoke to uh last quarter? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Okay. And then um maybe just a quick followup. Uh congrats on the acquisition. Uh I feel like it is definitely the ultimate network software. Um the the one question I have is you guys spoke to confidence in improving the growth profile of the business. We're already at uh high teams. Can you just talk to what you saw dur during the diligence that maybe gives you confidence uh that you can improve that profile going forward? &gt;&gt; Yeah. No. So I think it's we we feel confident in the ability to sustain the growth rate but improve the margin profile. Um and so I'm certain I'm happy to get into that but but if that answers your question I'll stop there. &gt;&gt; Oh I I'd love to hear that as well please as much. So hey the just to give you a sense on the growth rate of the business. So faith-based organizations, churches are super early in their in their modernization or digitization if you will. I mean it's a the the TAM is only 50% served from a tech point of view. Um and really just now the technology is and the the the competitors and vendors in the space can sort of have a modern church management that manages the church, manages the engagement with the with the with the guests as well as the closed loop uh you know donation donor sort of economics and sort of how that ties together in a single platform. So there is just the general wave that we get to ride there. Second is um Subsplash is I would call it really the second generation technology platform that's in the market. So very similar to gosh a decade ago with our strata business where we bought the new tech stack. It has uh it's demonstrated its ability to gain market share in this growing market which is why this business will continue to grow above the market at the top line. Now on the margin structure, um there is uh you know the prior owner K1 did a great job from from growing this business from a small business to a um a slightly larger business, but left lots of opportunity uh to sort of if you would just generically call it professionalize the business. Tim's done a great job running the business for sure, but there's opportunities in almost every part of the cost bar. look at cost of sales, go to market, R&amp;D, um the way uh you can um improve the payments sort of what's underneath the hood relative to the payments uh infrastructure. So there's there's a dozen plus more levers available. We've underwrit to about half of those in the margin improvement where over the course of the next three to five years it'll look like um a not quite as high as the network margin but uh but meaningfully improve substantially improve from where it is. Final thing I'd say on that is just to remind everybody our strategy uh for the last couple three years is to buy these maturing leader profiles which this is just that and so you get a business that is earlier in its life cycle relative to the SAMTA TAM conversion and then they get to scale another cost structure which unlocks more value for our shareholders over time. &gt;&gt; Very helpful. Uh glad I asked you to follow up. &gt;&gt; Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Ken Wong with Oenheimer. Please go ahead. &gt;&gt; Right. Um, first question uh on the big beautiful bill. Clearly some impact on DelTech timing unknown. As we think about some of your other segments, are are you guys have you guys thought through what tailwinds, headwinds uh might potentially impact some of the other sectors that you guys cater to? &gt;&gt; Yeah, so quite a bit as you'd expect. So, I think we've drained the uh the DelTech, so I'll leave that unless you have follow-up questions there. Um, obviously, we have a lot of exposure to health care, but whether it's all indirect to the payer to Medicaid, it's all everything's indirect. Obviously, we serve providers of health care, either through healthcare, it with medical products. As you dig into sort of what the 10-year Medicaid sort of impact's going to be, um roughly 12, the estimate is roughly 12 million people will roll off of Medicaid, but somewhere between five and 7 million of those will go onto some other commercial or ACA coverage. So the net effect of total dollars is going to be our estimate is flat to up over this period of time. So we would expect there to be you know minimal if any impact call it just neutral for a franchise. Final thing I'd say, I've been around healthcare IT for my entire career, 25 years or so, and the one constant is there is always reimbursement pressure on the providers, whether it's commercial Medicaid, Medicare, or whatever it is. And it's just a way of life. And if when you serve that community, if you do one of two things, you generally are going to be in a good spot, which is if you deliver a tangible hard dollar ROI, which essentially all of our healthcare IT assets do, or if you deliver a clinical benefit that is unique and compelling, which everyone of our medical product businesses do. And so, um, it's sort of a neutral. And then on K through2 and higher ed, we would call that neutralish as well. Um certainly K through 12, there's very there's small dollars that are tilting towards private, but for the larger K through2 public enterprise, it's um it's largely a non-event. and on higher ed. It puts more pressure on on performance, if you will, for the higher ed institutions. Um, which plays into the theme of our of our transact investment, which is better engagement of the students so they can attract the students and retain the students, which is exactly what our software capability does there. &gt;&gt; And I would just add on on healthcare, our central reach business, the Medicaid um impact is more to adults than children. most of uh um the end and end consumers and children. So fairly muted impact there. And then a lot of our alternate side healthcare businesses are more indexed to Medicare versus Medicaid. So um again not a huge impact. &gt;&gt; Got it. Fantastic. And then just a quick follow up on on the record aderant quarter. any unique legal tailwinds that that that are driving that or is this more specific to idiosyncratic dynamics that you're seeing within within your business? I think you guys called out um you know may maybe starting to see some AI flow through. Would just love to to hear what you guys are seeing drive that that outsiz performance. &gt;&gt; Yep. So just just to frame Ader and so everybody understands it doesn't paint too broad of a brush with legal tech. Aderant is in the uh the business of law not the practice of law. So think about and their principle go to market AI based products right now on the concept of how you automate and streamline time entry to cash collection and substantial gains still still gains to happen on the technology and product side. So we just aderant over eight or nine years has been the clear market share winner. I mean going going from 30 to 55% market share plus or minus the largest law firms in the world and uh and there's a large uh move to cloud that is still happening there which is driving the bookings but let's make no mistake about it aderant has the technology halo in the market right now on the business of law period full stop final thing is the largest law firms are winning in the market right they're they're gaining share and so we're riding along with that as Perfect. Thank you. line of Terry Tilman with Truth Securities. Please go ahead. &gt;&gt; Yeah, thanks. Hi Neil, Jason, and Zach. Uh, uh, a lot of my questions have been answered, but you have a bunch of platform businesses, so I still have a few. Uh, one thing I was going to ask about ProAre is it's starting to move into the organic calculation. I I think you all had had some some leadership changes um go to market investments and also I think you were working on improving attach rate of payments just how's proare uh performing particularly as it's becoming more of an organic calculation then I had a Neptune follow-up. Yeah, sure. So, Proare um the first year was uh mixed. The first year it underd delivered on our expectation on growth. It was more like a 10ish% grower with our expectation of 15. The root causes of that are known and already countermeasured and you alluded to some of them. So, it's been a a complete change of the leadership team to be more growthoriented to be more processoriented. So there's a new CEO, CFO, CRO, CTO, right? So that's those are the leadership changes. So what's what's happened as a result of leadership changes is the go to market is massively improved. Um where we are winning in the market and the principal competitor is not. So that's a great outcome. um the product uh the customer support there's a great lean kaizen event on how to how to solve customer support tickets more quickly about six or eight weeks ago already having an impact and so you're seeing a rotation there. Um we expect that by the way that for the second half of the year to be back on slope of 15% mid- teens organic growth for the reasons that they cited. So feel very good on a go forward trajectory proare was just a little worse than we thought early on. terms of attach of payments, it's been solid. Um, help me keep me honest, Jason, in the 75% plus or minus range. Right. So, that's been a consistent um um attach rate. And also, I'd say payments is another thing I would say pay the whole payments um apparatus has improved from a functional operational point of view in a period that we've owned in as well. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Neil. That's a lot of great color. I'm glad I asked about Procar. I guess just a follow up on Neptune and it relates to kind of tips more tips more broadly, but you know with this ma uh meter data management solutions, the billing acquisition, you know, and then on top of just ultrasonic meter reading like do these just create opportunities for solid for longer or there potentially some reacelerations of growth from some of these newer dynamics? Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, so there's a long answer which we can I'll spare everybody with. The short answer is we think these are um these are the con the connecting the meter to cash is a unique compelling and uh really Neptune is the only one playing running that strategy and we think it's highly highly compelling especially in the segment of the market where Neptune really competes in wind which is in a long tale of smaller municipalities where they want to have a single vendor that stitches all this together in that compelling way. Um and then when you put in once you have that then you can do leak detection and you can help them engage with the municipalities engage with their end customers with more automation and more um perhaps AI based communications. We'll see what that looks like. It's very early days and so we're competing and winning today based on the strength of the of the go to market channel and uh the product that we have which we would make we would claim very aggressively that we have the best static meter from a from a readability point of view. Um and in the future we expect that to pick up but it's going to the growth to pick up but it's going to take some time for this to fully get into the market. &gt;&gt; Thanks Neil. Y &gt;&gt; and your next question comes from the line of Joe Jordano with 2D count. Please go ahead. &gt;&gt; Hey, good morning guys. &gt;&gt; Yeah, morning. Morning. &gt;&gt; Hey, so when you just based on your comments on Proare that you just gave, like when you reflect on that, like how do you kind of prevent similar things from happening? I know they're totally different markets, but like when you look at Central Reach, Subsplash now that you're going to bring on board, like how do you kind of prevent those things before they start? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I'd like to ask Jason to add some comments to this when I'm done. So, um we've we've learned a lot in the in the in the ProAre maturing leader. Um I think at the end of the day this is a we had we had Jason we had Janet who leads our capital employment we had Shannon who is here with us on FPNA and our group executive sort of in weekly and every other weekly meetings and we saw some of these challenges occurring and some of which we moved very quickly and some of which we waited and I think the number one learning is we you just don't wait right is the number one learning as simple and as so fundamental to learning as that is, it is it is true and we've observed it and so in in uh in transact or subsplash or sensor reach to the extent we see something we're just not going to wait um in the early ones. The other but I'll let you take it from there. Anything you want to add Jason? Yeah. No, I think it's uh it starts in diligence and you know we we have now I think staffed up appropriately in certain areas where if we don't see the proper telemetry on a business or just some of the infrastructure we can help the business u sort of illuminate that so that we can have conversations that'll drive actions quicker. And so that was another key learning at Proare and and uh so we've got a a pretty rigorous um schedule and and and execution plan on every deal we have. We thought we had one with Proare, but now we've, as you learn, you fine-tune that a little bit more. And, you know, since then, be it Transact or Central Reach, um, you know, we've had a much smoother integration, both of those are, uh, tracking really well, uh, on our on our, uh, value creation plan. And so, uh, good lesson learned for us. &gt;&gt; Final thing I'd say on that is when we did when we did our postmortem on with Proare, the board, the last board meeting, um, we summarized it in that we got the slope right. So the market the market growth the competitive intensity the competitive positioning the number of jump balls the the right to win and payments all of that is the slope of the of the forward growth rate we got exactly right if you will slope the intercept we got wrong right and so the good news is the intercept is things are 99% in our control about the way you operate the business and so I just wanted to give you the context we went straight into what we did but it would be harder and be a bigger issue if the slope was wrong if we got something wrong about the market growth rate or competitive intensity, but that is all fully attacked. &gt;&gt; Fair. Um, on Subspot specifically, can you talk about the the market landscape there a little bit and the competitive landscape? I mean, I guess it doesn't feel like a structural growing market in terms of like the total TAM I guess. Um, but I it was interesting to hear like only 50% serve. So, just curious to hear like what the competitive landscape is. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So just to give you some sense of the uh of the market size or the market about a$ two and a half billion dollar market for software like I said about half half served. Um in terms of church attendance call it flattish over a 20-year period of time. The last two or three years it's up you know low single digits but we've sort of assume just flattish church attendance. And the this is all US I should say. Um we the number of faith-based organizations, the number of buildings is actually up a couple percent. Um and then giving is actually up about four or 5% over, you know, the last 10 or 20 years. And then on top of that, then you have the digitization going from essentially no technology to manage, operate, engage with the with the with the congregates um to now starting to do that. And so that's why you have a sort of call it 9-ish% you know growth rate in the market and then and then the ability for this company to compete and win on top of that which they've been a which they've done for the last you know five six seven years. Um so there's a lot of lot of penetration to still happen there. The import also relative to the competitive intensity um there is um engagement technology which subsplash really created invented is a clear market leader when you engage when you use modern-day engagement technologies and this is more than just websites and live streaming for churches. Then you find there's a 15% increase in donations uh when you engage the the congregate that way which then loops in the ability to drag along the church management software and other elements into this single stack. So lots of good flywheel effects here that the company's demonstrated in the in their in their most recent history and and we've underwritten two going forward. Final thing is something like 50% of donations in churches are still cash and checks. So there's still a large dizzation of payments as well. Thanks guys. from the line of Deanre with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Good morning everyone. &gt;&gt; Good morning Dean. &gt;&gt; Hey uh just want to circle back on the DAT and load link combination. Um it it makes intuitive sense here but uh can you flesh out like what the synergies uh are expected to be both on kind of go to market but might there be any cost synergies? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it's uh first the first big opportunity for us is there's a managerial synergy if you will. We've got a an amazing leadership team at DAT and the businesses are essentially the same. One in the Canadian market, one in the US market. So we just get a network oriented leadership team thinking about the network is one. Two, there is a crossborder US to Canada and maybe in the future US to Mexico uh subtlety in the freight match matching business which we'll be able to better manage in a when we sort of have the businesses together terms of the the actual network the underlying technology itself that's we're we're sort of taking a wait and see approach on that. I mean the two markets, the two networks fundamentally operate. They very very well today. DAT in the US is extraordinarily busy um and an exciting way um integrating the trucker tools transaction, the outgo transaction and executing the monetization strategy. So, as you know, essentially every broker and every carrier in in the US, North America is on the DAT uh network and we we monetize both sides through a subscription. And now we're going down looking at the value stack of a carrier in this case factoring. We have that captive now in the DAT and we have partnerships for instance with legal services and fuel cards. Now, on the broker side, you look at what they're what we can do to help them. It starts with with tracking with trucker tools. There's other things that DAT is working on and so you have that sort of US ccentric oriented that that ports into the Canadian market over time as well. So it's really um it's really playing the longer or the medium to long game here Dean versus some short-term synergy play. &gt;&gt; Great. That was really helpful. And just to follow up and Neil, I'm not sure how much you can comment, but has there been any change in the board's thinking about potentially exiting some of the nonsoftware businesses? There was a a a media article uh suggesting Neptune might be exited. Um can you comment on this? Anything about potential timing? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, Dean. I I'll say what we've said publicly for the better part of you know two and a half years which is it was really just November of 2022 when this the current portfolio came into existence when and as you know the driving force behind uh devesting transcore and ZTEC and the industrial businesses to CDNR and various Singapore telecom engineering etc was to beat the cyclicality out of our business and so that was the decision that we made and We we then and we we like that decision with with the product businesses we have today are great businesses. They meet all of our criteria leaders in niche markets that compete on intimacy that have great unit economics and margin profile. They're consistent or slightly better than organic growth aspirations. And so they have a they're doing particularly well in the portfolio not and proving to be non-cyclical. So that's our strategy and and and we're going to play this one through. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis in Millius Research. &gt;&gt; Hey, uh, good morning, guys. &gt;&gt; Good morning, Scott. Thanks for joining. &gt;&gt; Uh, no, thanks for having me. Um, hey, I just want to follow on on kind of Dean's question, but in a different way. What when you think about the structural change that has occurred at Roper, which has been pretty meaningful the last few years. What what do you what would you and now you include Subsplash which seems like it's a pretty u interesting deal but what do you think your your core growth rate or kind of entitlement growth rate is has changed kind of I don't know just say 2022 to 2026. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So uh so our our the portfolio that in the Thanksgiving of 2022 time when we snapped the chalk line with investors we talked about the the historical growth rate of that portfolio was somewhere in the six six and a half% range. Um we believe that we have improved the sort of through cycle if you will sort of the minimal cycle that we have you know puts or takes in any given year to be in the seven seven and a half range. We've said that for the last couple years. This isn't any guidance to this year next year. This is sort of through year-over-year so people aren't confused. Um and the art of the possible is in the mid8s with this portfolio. Then um as we buy businesses that are growth accretive subsplash is something like 15 basis points growth accretive organic I think censure each was 30 or 40 basis points something like that then it either a provides a hedge to what I just said or b provides an opportunity to stack on top of that. Um so that's I hope that answers your question but happy to clarify anything I just said. &gt;&gt; No that that does answer it. And then look there's been a lot of questions on subsplash but just to be clear in you know with I don't I'm not asked for an exact number but within your deal model are you assuming that subsplash will be somewhere around segment average EVO margin year fiveish does that sound about right &gt;&gt; it's going to be a little bit below sky because networks in you know sort of the mid to high 50s ibida and so the we'd say it'd be in the low 40s Yep. &gt;&gt; Okay, I got you. Okay, thank you guys. &gt;&gt; You bet. &gt;&gt; And this concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn it back to Zach Moxy for any closing remarks. &gt;&gt; Thank you everyone for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you during our next news call. &gt;&gt; And the conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.
