---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: BZ
title: "Why Investors Need Global Exposure: A Deep Dive with Head of Global Equities at Marcellus."
channel: "Blue Ocean Financial Services Pvt Ltd"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: bZ-3hbGamzo
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZ-3hbGamzo
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Why Investors Need Global Exposure: A Deep Dive with Head of Global Equities at Marcellus.

**Channel**: Blue Ocean Financial Services Pvt Ltd  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZ-3hbGamzo

## Transcript

Hello everyone. I'm En Vishnuat, founder and CEO of Blue Ocean Financial Services Private Limited. We are a sebi registered investment advisory company that helps people take more informed decisions with their money. And uh today I have the pleasure of introducing Mr. Arinda Mandal, head of global equities at Marcelus. He manages the US equities portfolio representing Marcelus and U. Aridam is a great guy to listen to very well read. Formerly he was managing equities at Principal Global. He's based out of New York. And today we are going to be speaking about uh the US equity portfolio of Marcelus. How should an investor look at the portfolio in terms of u the allocation? Uh what are the risks involved? what are the return expectations over a period of over a longer period of time. I mean the returns potential per se and u are the various um aspects one should look at when one is allocating money to us uh equities or global equities for that matter. So without much ado I would like to invite Anindam once again. Thank you for joining us Arindam. >> Uh thank you. It has always been a pleasure to talk to you. So thanks for inviting me. Um I'll try to share as much as I can. Uh yeah >> thank you. So Arunam first off um a question that comes to the minds of most global investors is um if most active funds globally fail to outperform their benchmark or the S&P 500 which is the most commonly followed benchmark. Why at all should an investor choose an active strategy over a lowcost index fund like a SPY or you know any index fund that tracks the S&P 500? >> That's a great question. It's not only you I keep myself asking uh what's the value of an active manager. So if we want to answer that we have to think about in different uh ways actually. Number one where do we stand today in terms of uh if you look at the broader indexes in the world. Secondly, if we have any historical context, have we seen this before? Uh if something like that happened before and what were the consequences after you know once we were there few decades back maybe uh then what happened later on and number three how do you actually look at return? What is the measure of return or measure of alpha? Practically that's what you're talking about. So you're absolutely right. Only 10% of active managers have actually beaten index. If I look at last 25 to 30 years, right? There's a long enough horizon. Now, uh one thing you should be aware like where we stand now. If you look at S&P 500 today, the top 10 stocks practically is around 35 to 40% of the index. Um it is not new. We have seen this game before. >> Oh, is it? >> Yes. Uh we have seen this before. We always talk about we always compare uh with the dot time frame, right? That is the closest that one can imagine. But if you go back to 1950s or 1960s, that is when the original Mac 7, we talk about magnificent 7 today. >> Yes. >> Uh that is when the Mac 7 probably you can uh find some linkages. I will request you to guess the Mac 7 back in 1950s and '7s. Any guesses? Well, I was born in 71, so I don't know about 50s or 60s, but uh I would think maybe uh the larger older companies like maybe AT&T or US Steel, maybe Exxon, those kind of companies. >> Oh, Bangon actually. So, you've named three of them. So, it was AT&T, General Motors, General Electric, DuPont. >> DuPont. Yes. >> Yes. Exxon which was standard oil back then and US still right so that kind of concentration I mean AT&T at one point of time had around 13% of market weight >> one single company >> one single company had 13% right back then >> so we have seen this kind of concentration right and it typically happens when you are in a prolonged bull market in a prolonged bull market what happens like there are few companies that drive most of the profits but at at the same time once you see a prolonged run there is typically a rotation where the market gets more broadened right Nifty50 the era 1970s that is also often cited so that's a classic example when that rotation happened so our point here is that where we stand now we have seen almost last 15 years of oneway rally in growth the max 7 that you talk about uh we do not know you know where it will be in next one year or next 6 months but our point is that uh the risk is generally elevated. Number two, once we have this massive concentration in the market, you think about the most famous money managers like Peter Lynch for example, right? The active money managers actually outperform after this kind of prolonged concentrated uh you know index kind of thing that typically unbundles and that is when the active management thing picks up. If you think about Peter Lynch's tenure that is 1976 to 1990 that is after the nifty50 broke down right. So again we're not kind of we do not know what is going to happen and that is what the third leg that comes into play. Uh it is not just about alpha return like if you just compare the numbers against the benchmark the same time uh we're talking about this risk adjusted return right. uh if that is the case you want to know like if I'm in a potentially high-risk scenario I should be okay with more or less index return right if the risk of draw down is much lower right so that is what I think like again we cannot predict the future if the concentration is going to break sooner or later but what you know is that the risk is elevated uh as an investor uh or as an adviser I think your job is to deliver that risk adjusted return people should be able to sleep Well, from that standpoint, where do we stand now? Uh probably it makes a lot of sense to actively position your portfolio. Even if you give up say 2 or 3% of your return uh in the expense of you know your portfolio not being too concentrated but probably it is okay uh given that they're longer term you probably the risk adjust return will be probably is going to be much higher compared to an index. >> Right. So there's one point I I really uh liked in your answer and that was um when this concentration breaks uh is there any pattern in history that you observed where the this concentration breaks so let's say a bunch of stocks are holding as of today what north of 40% of the index >> or back then it must have been a different number but still a sizable number is there any is there any inflection point typically when this concentration breaks and then it's more broad-based >> well they have broken because of different reasons altogether um our base case if I think about next two to three years is that what I've seen in last 3 years is a massive profit concentration among these max 7 right >> particularly Nvidia I've seen that stock becoming I think 12x or 15x in last three years >> yes >> massive right broader economy hasn't participated uh for right reasons people are concerned because we saw a massive inflationary period between 2021 to 2023 and even it's still not you know uh the inflation is still relatively high around 2 to 3%. Uh but at the same time people are seeing their real wages going up >> right >> real wages means you know like you're actually making more money compared to the inflation that means that you're actually saving. If that is the case, uh people might start spending a little more. >> The industries might be spending a little more once they see the revenues coming up coming uh you know coming to them. >> And the third leg uh if we believe in the AI the entire AI kind of trend how that is picking up. >> Yeah. >> Eventually that should help the other industries >> to actually improve their profit margins. >> Interesting. >> Right. >> Interesting. That is when if we never say that AI is a bubble in terms of a trend that is not the case but the fact is that if you want this trend to last the profit pool has to be broadened >> right yeah >> I was going to come to that bubble part but we'll keep that for later >> uh so what you also told me uh reminded me of the great Howard Marx legendary Howard Marx's uh definition of alpha and he has said as you would know uh there are two types of alpha one is uh you deliver more than the benchmark. That's the classic alpha that most of us know uh or think there is and the second alpha which Howard Mark said was you invest in something that's less risky than the benchmark uh or diversify away from the benchmark if you like but deliver as much returns you know something to that effect. So from what you're saying uh you belong to the second school uh where you do not want to have the same kind of concentration risk as a benchmark does >> right >> uh but deliver let's say uh more riskadjusted return like you said is that understanding correct >> yeah absolutely spot on on that um so the reason people used to like index because it is diversified >> right >> but that is probably not true >> no Right? Because your top seven 10 companies having 40%. >> That is actually more concentrated than any you know concentrated portfolio you see people running. >> Right. >> So you're absolutely right that the diversification point is probably broken. Right. So from that context you should definitely think about diversifying to the broader market than just focusing on certain trend which is working for you now but is actually exposing you to higher risk. >> Higher risk. Got it right. And was uh the minimum holding period typically required to you know judge a globally concentrated strategy global concentrated. What kind of a time horizon would you recommend as a fund as a person handling these equities? The longer the better it is but typically you should see at least 3 to 5 years because that covers probably a bit of a regime like if it is a growth regime to value you get some time. uh but I'd say three to five years is a good time to see how the strategy has done right >> but again as I said uh it should be looked in conjunction with the volatility which is the risk >> right >> or draw down because you'll in a 5year window you'll definitely see a major draw down >> right >> right it is a correction it is not a draw down it is a correction that is that is part of the game >> would would we be wrong to infer that uh we now live in a day and age where uh you know as opposed to the past where the cycles where more like four years bull, one year bare broadly to periods where there are uh shorter cycles and sharper downturns and sharper upticks all happening in a relatively narrower period of time. I mean the fall is steep in a narrow period and the rise also is steep and then this keeps repeating quite often as opposed to you know a 3 year 4 year kind of a bull market and then there is a dip for a year year and a half any thoughts on that trend having changed in your view >> that's what we have seen in last five six years what you are saying um probably uh that might continue unless we find something like uh this money printing like all these governments are printing money >> quantitative easing >> the quantitative easing uh that [clears throat] has been a kind of uh probably a kind of uh solution for every problem right so when that stops being a solution to every problem uh that is probably going to change but as long as that continues probably we are going to see what you just said >> right >> uh because if you look at the previous cycles uh the central banks is to let the economy play its own cycle, >> right? >> But once we found this easy like shortcut in during the GFC or global financial crisis, >> Mhm. >> I think uh everyone liked it u and actually if you think about from our perspective, we don't want our wealth to be depleted by 30% all of a sudden and stay there for for very long, right? uh that can create not only uncertainty in the market but at the same time it can be a political uncertainty right the the people who are ruling the country at that point of time they might lose their seat in the next election so again it is probably a kind of uh short-term arrangement that work really well and we are seeing that being used very frequently not a big fan of that but um you know it is investing is not just one thing uh there are so many things that plays into it >> absolutely So you have to acknowledge that um know the risk of how long you can do it >> right >> but at the same time as long as you don't see that breaking down >> right >> probably the cycles are definitely much smaller the information is flowing much faster >> got right of course >> yes so that plays a role too >> right >> and that plays a role for the policy the policy makers as well they are also seeing the data in real time if you look at Atlanta Fed >> uh they have a GDP now forecast so you can right so it predicts every day what is going to be your next quarter GDP. Now when you have that kind of data, you can react, you can actually proactively address that issue. >> Got it. >> Right. >> So yeah, probably as long as you don't see that uh change in any any of that behavior probably it's going to continue. >> Got it. So Arindam um for a resident Indian investor whose income and assets are Indiacentric uh what strategic asset allocation to global equities would make sense and why look I would say around 30% of it so cricket analogy is that if you think about an IPL team you typically have a four uh people can be four four players can be from foreign teams right out of that [snorts] 11 including the extra that is one thing but at the same time why do you need that right because in longer term we might say that India did around 10% dollar kicker last 25 30 years >> right >> uh US also did very same if you look at last 25 30 years uh number one the first reason is your consumption pattern is changing if you look at if you just think about it 15 years back or 20 years back the goods that you used to use or consume was very much Indiacentric if you Look at your consumption basket now. You YouTube, Netflix, Amazon, Prime, right? Spotify, name them. >> Yes. >> You take a flight, not Indian, right? So, your consumption basket is changing. More and more people in India are getting wealthy, >> right? >> So, sending your kids to abroad, you couldn't think about it uh when I was growing up uh at least in my part. Uh but if you think about that part like almost one/ird of your future expenses, future liability is probably going to be dollar linked >> more than 30%. Right? >> Yes. >> So if you want to match that, >> you should have that exposure. >> Absolutely. >> In uh in dollar denominated uh assets, >> right? >> In some way, >> right? It's I think it fits perfectly with u the way we think and advise our clients also that the geography in which you're going to incur expenditure is the geography you would rather be >> right >> u primarily to escape currency inflation u so and and the points you mentioned are really uh very very valuable because our consumption of all these companies uh is also contributing to uh you their bottom line. So some of the clients, new clients I talk to, existing clients I talk to, like we customers of an iPhone, we buy an iPhone, we're customers of Google products, we go and buy a coffee from Starbucks, we are the customers, but are we their shareholders? We are not benefiting from their profits, >> right? >> So why don't we do that also instead of just contributing to their top line? >> Absolutely. >> Yeah. So thank you. And um in India Arindam as you know investors can access global markets through fund structures that are relatively tax efficient and diversified >> u you know like an overseas MF or a feeder fund. Um >> so why would one choose a concentrated global PMS or AF like yours? >> So in practical purpose one thing is uh if you look at the limits RBI has set some limits around those FOFS >> right >> or the mutual funds that has been hit. M >> right that is number one >> now if you want to take your clients to that 30% allocation in global equities >> right >> um at least based on the current limits that is impossible to do >> right >> right now the the reason that you want to do global diversification through a concentrated equity um or maybe through some ETF I'm you know little get into that later but the point is you want global diversification not only for the consumption basket but at the same time if you think about the draw downs typically an Indian market sees the US market doesn't see the similar kind of draw down at the same time so there is a massive benefit in terms of diversification >> okay >> okay >> when you're managing money for your clients as an adviser you want them to be invested like they should invest the most part of their money right you want to allocate to the highest potential return opportunity opportunities but with a lower risk if you comb combine these two markets that is when you get the best benefit out of it. Now as RBI has some limitation and again you talked about why an active strategy makes sense in your first question. uh that is where the AIF or a PMS structure comes in handy. You can allocate more >> right >> you can take a call on where you stand now for example you don't have to wait for someone you know raising the limit or etc like that so you can allocate capital at your wish >> right >> that is where I think this structure comes in handy >> correct >> and do you believe uh sectoral concentration is uh structurally uh rising in global markets especially with US tech dominance and how should investors think about this risk like somewhat related to the >> yes >> concentration risk we spoke about but particularly we talking here about tech and AI related sectoral concentration in global markets not just US necessarily I mean maybe in other markets also that could be the case >> so any insights on that >> people should be mindful of the fact that it is it is actually going up tech has gone up if you think about like 30 years back financials was the largest indexes uh index weights in any any uh global portfolio >> right >> so it keeps on changing Right. So one sector is doing well that doesn't mean that it will keep on doing well. Um so that is a risk that people should keep in mind and that's what we have been talking about. U it has risen quite a bit. One of the reason what that it has gone up so much is because people like the capital light nature of these businesses >> right >> you build it once you can sell it many times. You don't need to deploy more and more capital. But if you look at the hyperscalers now for example the amount of capital they're deploying now uh it goes back to the you know the old u hard asset investing industry like the heavy industrial that used to be done like say 30 years back 40 years back u so again that might change that is the risk you should definitely keep in mind uh if you're an investor and uh that's why the active strategy again comes back >> right >> uh and many global portfolios today are heavily concentrated in mega cap tech companies. U so how does your portfolio portfolio concentration approach uh take care of this versus diversification which we spoke about earlier? >> Look we have tried to build a bottom up portfolio. We don't try to hug the index. Doesn't mean that we don't like those companies. Few of the companies we definitely like. Uh we have a very high allocation on for example TSMC Thion semiconductor >> right? >> Um it is not in US but it is kind of playing into that entire AI thing right. So if I look at the allocation in our portfolio, we are grossly underweight that mega cap. The reason being as I said our goal is to deliver consistent compounding with lower draw down. >> Right? >> So if that is the case, we have tried to get companies which have much higher predictability in terms of their revenue and profit streams and they are not trading at u I would say they're not making like supern normal margins or supern normal profits. we typically tend to avoid them. When I look at some of the most popular tech companies in in today's world, we feel that the profit margins that they are making are probably supernormal when the cycle ends which you don't know when but uh they'll probably see some ramifications there, right? So, we're trying to avoid those things. As I said, we are not completely uh you know discouraging the fact that AI is going to stay here, but we try to avoid supernormal things uh and focus on things that are steady compounders. >> So what you're saying if I understand you right is you look going back to the point of having the margin of safety that we've had in our so many conversations. >> You would rather have companies in your portfolio that compound on a regular basis. Yeah, >> whose earning is more predictable. Revenue streams are more predictable >> than have a flashy one-time or a short-time return. Uh and that stands a risk of being overbought or overvalued. >> Right. >> So you want to build companies into your portfolio which have a more predictable rate of compounding. >> Yes. Predictable lower volatility growth. Yes. And um when Indian investors allocate to global equities, what are the most common behavioral or structural mistakes they tend to make in terms of expectations, time horizons or portfolio portfolio rule? If you can uh tell based on what you have seen from your portfolio flows and whatever questions you've been getting from other people. >> Look, I think it is not about Indian investors. I think investors everywhere are very similar. Um we we have four more, >> right? U because we have seen someone talking about their great returns over few few months or maybe few years and that's when you want to get in and probably that is the that is not the right point to get into that market. >> So is that uh greed that is driving that behavior or is it fear? >> It is definitely greed. Uh greed is a natural bias any investor has. You want to make money very fast. >> Or is it that FOMO is actually fear in the form of greed? >> Well, uh that is intricate. I think uh you can put it that way. You can put it that way, right? >> Fear of missing out. >> Yeah. >> Resulting into greed, right? >> Not ending up really well, >> right? My neighbor did better than I did because he bought NASDAQ and >> right >> or whatever. I'm I'm not owning it. So let me also uh and and I think that's a it doesn't doesn't apply to US equities or international equities. Even in Indian equities we see that uh people smile piling up to small cap at the end of uh you know uh of the of the rally. Uh it really speaks to that behavior. >> The behavior is very similar. So what I've seen one of the reasons that we wanted [snorts] to keep the portfolio low volatility uh people ask us like why don't you you know uh do NASDAQ. The point is that people come in NASDAQ when it has rallied significantly and you see that that 30% draw down and you you cannot bear it 30 35% right you don't have to go far 2022 NASDAQ was down by one/ird almost right um this happens and people typically suffer because you are entering at the end point in that cycle so in general it's a behavioral thing that everyone should avoid if you think about Indian small cap the same thing happened >> yes >> two years back everyone is chasing them. >> Yes. >> Uh I think the advice is very similar. Um you are doing it because of two reasons. Asset allocation which is the diversification point. >> Right. Right. >> And the second thing is that where your future liability is going to build. So if you are looking at that I'm going to get 25% return investing in the US or any part in the world. >> Don't do that. >> Right? >> The returns are going to be very similar. But the fact is that none of us know which market is going to give you the better return. >> Correct. >> Right. If if you knew then of course you want to put all your money >> everything over there. Yeah. >> So acknowledge that unknown. >> Mh. >> Be rational and if you have identified a market that does well over longer period of time because of structural setup. >> Mhm. >> Then keep faith. >> Right. >> Right. And uh that's the only advice probably I I give it to myself. uh probably for everyone else, >> right? Uh when a global portfolio underperforms, how do you distinguish between cyclical or marketdriven underperformance and a genuine breakdown in the underlying investment thesis? >> That's a great question. It really depends on how we want to build the portfolio. For example, um we wanted to keep it simple. >> We do not invest in too many turnaround stories. M >> we think that we probably can identify decent companies that can perform well through different regimes. For example, if you're in a value regime or cyclical regime, um we try to identify which stock can do well. We don't want to take supernormal risk there too that I know like if if you're getting into a cyclical upturn, an almost bankrupt stock will probably go 10x but a high quality company will probably do 2x. We're happy with that 2x. >> Okay. >> We're not going for the 10x, >> right? >> Okay. >> Uh similarly for a growth stock, we do the same thing. We try to be like for example uh we missed Nvidia. Not proud of that. But the fact is that uh ASML or TSMC, they are probably more predictable than Nvidia as a business, >> right? >> Uh the downside is that we missed a 15x on Nvidia, but we did a reasonable 23x in TSMC. Good. >> Right. uh that keeps your job little easy because um you can divide the market regime broadly into three or four buckets. One is value, growth, defensive and the fourth leg of the tool is probably momentum. So based on these things you can probably uh correlate your stocks and see which has been the major driver in a relative underperformance of a certain stock. So your point we want to make sure that we are not making you know we're not taking too much risk on a specific stock uh so that we you know it's just irreversible right u given that uh US equities often trade at a structurally high valuation higher than most other regions u how should investors think of paying for growth versus allocating to cheaper geographies you You should always think about potential earnings revision. Okay. Uh it is actually quite important. You you want to invest in markets which are expect to deliver on earnings what people are expecting them to. >> If they [clears throat] can do better than that, it is actually great. So if you think about the time frame between 2002 to 2007 when emerging market did really well. So people are not expecting supernormal earnings growth but they did. So the emerging market really really well US didn't do really well even though uh the EPS growth or the earnings per share growth of US market was actually fine during the 2001 23 period >> but the expectation was even higher. >> Mhm. >> Right. So you saw earnings division coming down. >> So that is not good for investing in any market. So that is number one. Number two, you should identify if you want to invest in longer term, you should identify the markets which are built to deliver good return on equities or roe. The roe profile of a country doesn't change that much through a cycle. I see >> that is where US actually stands out. They deliver a return on equity of around 15 to 16%. By some measure, some sometimes the index mix changes etc. And number three to your point that uh US is generally growth. So this is the only market we have seen so far which has been able to adjust itself with the trends. So if you look at FIZY for example right the European market or EAF the highest index weight if you look at by sectors is still financials. >> I see >> for us it was financials 20 years back or 30 years back but it has changed itself to tech >> right. So it has a unique capability of adjusting to the needs of time. So probably that deserves a bit of higher premium when you're putting your money. You know that uh you know they'll be first to recognize that the market will is first to recognize that. Um and that is how you should think about playing a little bit of premium on the rest of the market through a cycle. But the earnings division thing is also important. Right. >> The expectation if it is too high then you can get disappointed despite delivering earnings score. >> Got it. Uh the rupee has steadily depreciated against the US dollar over time. Something we all of us know. How should Indian investors think about currency impact in global equity investing both ways putting in and >> exiting also. Look if I look at last 30 years of history barring the 2002 to 2008 that time frame we have never seen rupee appreciating against dollar that was the only time we've actually seen it and that was driven by massive fi flows and India was growing uh emerging market broadly as an asset class some massive massive inflow of uh capital otherwise in longer term it should be a function of the difference of inflation Right? That is the classic economic theory and that's what happens. I mean you see a 3 to 4% of depreciation every year and it's actually good for Indian economy. If you think about where we stand now as an Indian investor we want our export to do well and it is probably has to broaden just from it or pharma. If you want to do really well we need the manufacturing to really you know catch up. Now the manufactur to to make that happen you need your currency to be depreciating a little and it should continue it is good for Indian economy otherwise you you get priced out right so I think if you can bake in is it is a reasonable number to bake in that 3 to 5% of depreciation that we are seeing um what was surprising is u Indian currency completely got disconnected from the rest of emerging market right >> in last one and a half here >> right >> right right >> uh that is a bit concerning but again I'm not a currency expert so my base case is that 3 to 4% of depreciation is actually good for Indian economy for its future um you probably can if you're investing for a cycle is probably a good number to you know bake your expectation in that range >> got it and um the most recent uh developments that we've seen over the last week plus uh with the recent uh geopolitical tensions including the US Iran conflict, USI Israeli Iran conflict >> and the renewed tariff actions. Um how do you incorporate geopolitical risk and these kind of a trade related u news uh into portfolio construction without >> overreacting to short-term noise if you will. >> It's very hard to be very honest. In fact, the war part uh to some extent is just one week though. um for example uh it changed the narrative of the market to some extent. So we started the year uh seeing the emerging market uh XUS doing really well visa v the NASDAQ >> but since the war started to you know like Feb 28th when it started NASDAQ has massively outperformed the rest of the market right look at any market so um hard to bake in some of these things you never know what we tell people is that the geopolitical climate is definitely much more riskier than what you have seen between say 2010 to 2020 that time frame >> that piece dividend data is probably not not there anymore. >> Uh something like a real asset like gold etc probably makes a lot of sense strategically just to hedge your portfolio against this sort of you know unknown events that might take place. Uh don't expect again uh gold has rallied massively. Uh so yeah I see a lot of people talking about >> you know is it a 20% compounder it is never going to be that in longer term it is just your hedge to your inflation. Exactly >> right. >> Exactly. >> That's the basic expectation that if everything else falls apart, this is probably going to hold my value. >> One of my investors I spoke to u he he was saying um cash is the best hedge. Everything else is for specialists. I somehow like the climb u you know because when you spoke about gold and people trying to think that this number is going to be for eternity that's perhaps the single biggest mistake they're doing. Of course now some months ago it was s silver also but uh people have to be careful uh it's just from one if you like the word very risky very risky instrument one is going to another risky instrument if not very risky >> but uh there's always this uh uh thought that gold is a hedge but as we've seen in recent months it that also can slip in >> absolutely in lose value >> so >> I'll I'll tell you a quick anecdote here. Um so gold and silver they are even though they are both precious metals uh they trade gold is much stable compared to a silver volatility is much lower. U if you go back in history so during the Roman Empire Julius Caesar used to pay their uh the generals Anthony like they used to get paid in uh gold coins. If you compare that value of gold back then and you convert that whatever the gold number of gold coins he was getting paid and compare that value with the with the salary of any US general now it is actually very similar. >> Oh I see. >> Yes. So that is how gold protects your value and I have seen it through centuries. Now having said that gold can be you know really lull for a long period of time right. So 2011 to 1819 was the recent one >> right? 1976 to probably mid 80s there was another one the entire 90s they didn't do well when does good like gold doesn't do well when the economic growth is booming everything is good why do you need gold doesn't make sense it doesn't have a cash flow but when the economic scenario is not that solid you might need a bit of gold h >> got it >> right so that's where the value lies I think >> right uh in a concentrated global strategy G how do you think about position sizing and portfolio turnover and what determines conviction versus risk control on the other end. >> So um we you know we always look at return but I think we are more of a risk manager >> right >> that is something that is understated. So the portfolio concentration typically what I tend to do is u my larger weight should have a higher predictability in terms of what they can deliver. >> Got it. >> In the tail I tend to take the big calls that you know if it can be a 10 or maybe over 10 years but I'm not going to put a 5% on that because it's very hard to >> hard to [clears throat] know hard to predict. So you want to build position I want to build positions slowly in those stocks >> but wherever I have conviction that okay this can deliver say 13 14% keger but I have a very high conviction that it actually can deliver that put a 5 6% weight there that's how tend to do it uh it is again >> it based on risk management more rather than the absolute return chasing >> got it and u if you could just walk us through your research funnel from the broad consideration set to the final 25 30 names that you typically end up holding. >> Yeah. >> And what are the hard screens and the subjective checks? >> Yeah. Uh so we're actually looking at we typically invest in US and developed Europe and Canada. So we are looking at practically around 1,600 stocks. That is our starting point. And the basic checks are very simple. Uh three things there. If the company has been able to consistently grow their revenue at mid-s singledigit kearger through a business cycle I'm not looking for every year consistency but a company should be able to deliver a revenue growth of say single digit through a 5 to seven year business cycle the reason you do it you do not want to miss on the cyclical opportunities a company can be really really good but the cycle hasn't been in their favor for last 3 four years maybe but you don't want to miss out because when the cycle comes back they can actually benefit the most. The second is around cash flow. A company should be able to compound their cash flow per share uh in low double digit through a cycle again that five to seven years and we don't just look at CFO we try to figure out that okay this company's uh business model is based on investing a lot. So for example uh Amazon if you look at their profit probably intentionally they kept their profit very low. So the ROI is very low because they're dividing you know the numerator is profit. >> It is reason >> because they're investing for growth. >> So if you look at in longer term those returns have actually generated tons of value right so there we leave our like we want to take the decision ourselves that okay at CFO level they're making tons of money. Now what they're doing with that capital we will evaluate it when you're looking at it through a subjective lens but you don't want to filter that out through our quant screening the hard screening and the third leg is uh find out the most relevant cash flow equivalent like CFO or IBIDA and see the ratio of CFO to IBIDA divide by investor capital you want that to be in high tens so once you do that and check for consistency etc almost 90% of your universe is actually gone And once you get there then the second leg where you spend a lot of time is evaluating the management teams >> right. >> Yeah. So if you look at any of our companies one thing we can vouch for sure is those are run by super smart not smart but uh super smart investor I would say >> they understand they care about the shareholders. They're not looking for short term. They've been doing it for pretty many years. Not maybe not in this company from another company but they have a solid track record of doing what they're doing now. >> Right. >> Right. Uh and then the another subjective thing that you do is we try to identify companies which are not uh susceptible to any structural change which can impact them negatively. Okay. uh that kind of company can be in a run by very good people but you are going in a structural decline. We don't typically want to uh take those calls. Not to mention that some of these companies actually generate tons of value but they're not comfortable doing it. Right. So the second like the primary research of evaluating a management team that requires a lot of you know interactions with ex employees etc. >> Yes that was the point I was coming to. I mean beyond studying the P&L balance sheet and all the foreign accounting whatever >> uh do you go beyond that and meet with the management top management uh you know ex employees like you mentioned um and and are you able to do this for all the companies including the larger ones like let's say an Amazon or a alphabet I mean investors would like to know uh this part of the process >> yeah absolutely we spend a lot of time um interacting with ex employees. Um that is definitely a large part of our process. >> If it is a small company, you might want a meeting with them uh with the management team. But for the larger companies, we tend to avoid that >> right >> because it makes you biased actually in my view >> that uh they are smart people. They have done many things right that's why they're there. That's why is a large company right and it's cleaning your filter that means they have done many things right. So you might get biased. You don't want to do that. But for smaller company, you definitely do that. We typically want to see the company how they're thinking. Right? If it's a $5 billion company, >> you want to see what direction they want to go. But interacting with ex employees, that's a very very large part of uh our process. Yeah. We typically do 25 30 interactions >> uh for every company uh irrespective of we end up buying them or not. But we do that due diligence. >> Right. Great. And if an investor allocates to a global concentrated strategy today, what should they mentally prepare for in terms of volatility, draw downs and periods of underperformance? >> Look, periods of underperformance, let's start with that one. Um that is inevitable in any concentrated strategy. Okay. uh what you try to make sure that the underperformance doesn't go beyond a certain extent that is that it underperforms so much that you cannot really come back fast right uh what we try to ensure is that the draw down is lower than market that's what we have seen so far uh that remains our goal especially given as as you know the high valuation across all the markets by the way it is not just us we talk about >> but it is practically in any market you look All these markets are trading at at least their median market multiple over last 25 years. Um and in terms of the volatility is generally much lower. Uh we try to make sure that the beta is less than one. >> Right. >> Right. So the draw down is an kind of outcome of that the draw down is also much lower. >> I mean is just the human um tendency to see linearity after the money is put. uh when we invest we say I'm for the long term after my money goes in and if there are dips there's always a tendency oh you know if it's a if it's a a 5% dip you wish oh I wish it had uh dipped only 1% or 2%. So it's and it's never in our hands. So uh and and I think uh you have answered uh this in the earlier part saying that over a sufficiently longer period of time that should get evened out. >> Yeah. >> Um the next question that I wanted to ask you is um many investors feel comfortable investing only in India because they understand local companies or at least they are household names. >> U how should investors think about the risk of home buyers? I know you spoke about we consuming many global products >> right >> I mean that really has changed compared to what it was maybe 15 20 30 years ago uh but still there is a home bias when it comes to investing saying that you know we don't know when global markets we'll be able to take out our money uh Indian markets we know we'll get our money back or these are you know these companies are here they'll not run away they'll not close down who has visibility to what's happening in the US or elsewhere in the world let's say Europe home wherever. So that home bias, how would you talk to that? How do you address that? >> Look, I think it will take time for people to get adjusted to the fact of that basket you're talking about that you are, if you're consuming an iPhone, you definitely trust the company to actually keep your secrets of the conversation that you had in WhatsApp. Expect Meta to have some kind of, you know, secrecy or privacy policies, etc. And they're not going to go anywhere to be very honest. Secondly, the regulations around uh the company's disclosures in US and Europe especially is very very strong way better than I would say the Indian companies. In fact, compared to any emerging market, I think barring Taiwan, I have never seen that kind of disclosures ever. That is one of the reasons that we never went for investing in China or many other markets. >> Right? when you get asked like why are you not investing in China? My point is that if I end up investing in some company in China, you know, doing some research, uh I really do not have control or understanding of how the regulation how they're protecting the minority interest in the for the for the shareholders, right? >> Uh so always you if you want to do it, do it do it through an ETF. You don't have that risk, right? So um that home buys I think will take some time. uh the realization is I think gradually happening is kind of picking up. >> Um but if you think about a matured country like for example in the US also uh US has been the best performing market for many decades but even [snorts] there people allocate to emerging market there people allocate to international markets. Why do they do that? because they want the diversification aspect that is important because >> as much as you want to talk nice things about India or US >> uh you never know what holds in the future >> correct >> right and that is where I think an Indian investor should come and see that okay um yes we are living in a very high growth country compared to the rest of the world but high growth not necessarily translate into high return okay if you look at China again you can say that China is a communist country very different from a democracy that US or India has. But leave us at China if you just go back uh I can refer you to a paper written in 2005 by professor of University of Florida. >> Mhm. >> Uh there he tried to show the correlation between return and GDP growth of a country. >> I see. >> And there was practically no correlation. >> Okay. U so the thing is that we have seen historically grow living in a high growth country doesn't really ensure that there's high return is kind of assured that is not the case >> right >> so you keep your basket balanced >> right you want to leave that wealth for your generations to consume >> right >> so make sure that you have the best tax efficient structure inheritance is kind of taken care of and do it in the lowrisk way how do you do that diversify through investing in different markets the best part India and US long-term very similar return but they operate in different cycle. Combine them both you get low volatility sleep better. >> Very good. Thank you. >> And um the next question is um finally a global compounders portfolio and one hears the name it's typically thought of as global global which is like across all geographies. Uh but why is it that there's hardly any exposure to companies outside of uh I mean uh other than that in United States and Europe I know you have one TSMC >> but then you have only one TSMC >> um why not let's say some of the emerging markets or even go long in Japan and Japanese long only equity have given good returns >> u would you consider some of these as a missed opportunity from a geography allocation point of not talking of the other companies or whatever just from a geography point of view. So geographic opportunity the way you looked at it uh what do you want to uh what do you want to capture um what you felt and through data also you saw that if you can find companies that can benefit from the growth in emerging markets that is actually great >> right >> so for example you own a company you invested in a company called uh armies they manufacture this super expensive luxury bags burken bags kay uh iconic bags they have been a massive beneficiary of China's growth they have been a massive beneficiary of India's growth in number of billion years right similarly if you think about a company like Apple which is household name they have benefited massively from the growth in China right Chinese consumers they have been becoming more wealthy same with India right uh Now it might surprise you that armies has done phenomenally better than the Chinese consumption like the Chinese consumption index. If you look at all the Chinese consump consumption companies make index out of them armies has done massively better. Why? The why is they're more focused on return on equity right and capture the best part of the growth. Now having said that there will be years like 2002 2007 I come back to that time frame because emerging market was roing at that point of time you might have those time frames that you know they have seen like 40% kear those markets China India that might not happen but at the same time our goal is to capture the global growth that's what you say when you say global compounders >> that the companies that can capture the global growth and deliver you decent returns to your point around Japan again we we like the market but at the same time what I felt is that uh we should probably know uh the language a little better to do justice to uh our investors and if we cannot do that the best way probably uh based on our style etc. If you find that you know value is working, you want some Japanese exposure, you might think about doing an ETF exposure but not beyond that because if I cannot uh do research for a company really well >> then it said I do not uh we do not want to you know do that. >> Uh just a fun fact just I'll ask you a question here. Um do you know like the the FMC's like the if you look at the consumer companies in India there are only two companies which are going to do $10 million or more revenue uh which are those companies >> FMCG >> not FMCG but say consumer discretionary so you can think about high ticket items >> high ticket can't really think of any name right now >> so Mari Suzuki >> oh >> it does around I 20 billion or so. I have to see the numbers. But >> why do you say it's high ticket? >> Like five lakh rupees for example. >> Okay. >> Yeah. And the second one is Apple. They're going to do 10 billion this year from India. >> Oh, I see. >> Right. So, think about it. You're Hindustan HL. These companies has been there for decades, right? You grew up with them. >> Yes. Yes. >> Uh but this foreign company coming in just 10 years like you know 10 years back going into $10 billion just from India, >> right? So that is the global growth that you want to give it to your investors. >> Got it. >> Right. >> But uh would let's say for example an Apple doing so much of business in India and some of it obviously will be exported also. >> Uh will that have a positive impact on our rupee? >> It it should have positive impact on your rupee. But again if you think about it the the reason they're doing it because it is a low cost, >> right? So if your rupee is appreciating too much uh then you probably don't want to do that >> right. So it's a kind of balancing act. Again on the same thing Apple's manu Apple I think is manufacturing around three lakh crores of goods from India. The only company does more than that is Tata Motors. >> I see. >> So that is the kind of you know when you think about global exposure >> right >> this is a truly global >> right. The next question was u something that a lot of our investors keep asking you know given the levels of debt that's hanging over the US how valid is the concern that uh its indebtedness will be an impediment on its economy its currency and also the markets currency again as I said I'm not an expert on currency but my basic understanding is that whoever has the strongest military they control the currency you have seen in last centuries like those Dutch then the British and now the Americans unfortunate true thing but that's how it happens on the date side uh the concerns are real if you look at the date to GDP is going to be around 1.3 times that of uh 1.3x the one thing you need to think about is none of the countries which can be a real alternative are in a very good situation. For example, China. >> Mhm. >> Right. Uh they're also heavily indebted. The only thing is that they run a current account surplus. US runs a current account deficit. >> That's a big difference. Is that a very big difference or >> is it theoretically theoretically it means that your debt is going to balloon up over time, right? and China's debt should come down because you're running a surplus >> but it it has not happened till now right uh quality inefficient allocation of capital or return on capital was never their you know point of uh thought process for Chinese >> but the point here is that uh as long as you looking at relative basis it is probably not that bad Japan we know it is heavily indated there's no doubt about it >> so we need an alternative better force We talk about bricks coming together. We [snorts] have seen what happened to Euro zone tried to come together. >> So I'll not buy that argument too much. >> Right. >> Um so >> all this dd dollararization of the trade or you know we'll buy uh this thing from this country and we'll pay it in a non-dollar currency and all of that. You don't think any of that will have an impact on the US dollar or uh >> it will have impact that's why you but it will have an impact on every currency I think so you buy that's where the gold argument comes in there's a h for whatever we're discussing is a fiat currency problem probably not so much around a specific country having an issue >> my point is that you know uh as long as the military supremacy is still with them it is hard to imagine that uh it is going see a kind of major shift. Uh what might happen? They might willingly try to devalue dollar a bit because they want the industrial business happening etc. That might happen which is fine which is uh which is actually very good for a portfolio which is bottom up actually. >> You find the industrial names doing good which is fine. the broader economy starts doing good but losing the supremacy of dollar and going into some different currency I think is a too you know too too hard a call that anyone should think about before investing you can debate them >> debate those points but getting into a conclusion is really really hard >> but has this happened in the past also that the concerns around debt have you know just they've just those concerns have just been you know they've been put to the wayside because the economy still did well the markets did Well, because people correlate this aspect of markets with economy somewhere and saying if a government itself is indebted so much the country is indebted then what's going to be my dollar denominated return if there is so much of pressure on the national balance sheet so to speak but there have been presidents in the past when their concerns have been there and they've been uh you know >> not we have not seen I mean US never has been this before uh we have to see going back to second world war what is the situation with uh the UK etc but so far we have not seen it u now from an Indian investor perspective I don't think they need to worry that much for the reasons that you discussed uh it is kind of quite weird as you discussed right uh last year everything every currency went up against >> dollar against yeah >> baring rupee >> but rupee >> right so probably from India standpoint uh it it is something less to worry about uh at this point of time I would say >> right >> but again I'm not a currency expert so I'll not take a call >> so you don't think the indebtedness is really an impediment for a market return uh US equity return or a global uh compounders portfolio return for the investors >> I do not think so but again look uh if market corrects uh I have to remember one thing if US market corrects big time none of the markets will be spared right so keep that in mind. I'll give an example of 2009. >> Yeah. >> Emerging market was booming. >> Yes. >> And US market was coming out of a dotcom crash >> and then this >> 2009 was GFC. >> 2009 was GFC and 2002. >> Yeah. It it had just come out right and this massive housing crisis >> right >> US market corrected I think 50% from craft to pick. >> Yes. >> If you look at dollar terms emerging markets correct around 65%. >> Yes. >> Right. >> Yes. So that is something you keep in mind that it is not that you you'll be safe and that market is correct. >> True. True. I agree. I agree with you on that. Bang on. Um just another point uh if you can just um touch upon this AI thing because US largely has become a AI story. We spoke about >> you know the broad the broad market uh a component of the broad market where which is the index is a component of the broad market. index you know uh concentration uh it breaking out and then there is a sector rotation if you will uh so as far as US is concerned right now it's been a AI story for many years and uh in in in u recent years a lot of US markets grow growth can be attributed to tech particularly to AI >> right >> so whether this is a fraud or not time will tell but uh isn't it better to ride that wave and make adjustments after you spot a bubble in them if there is one. Uh I'm not talking particularly about Nvidia though I would like to close my question with one quote from Jensen Huang uh CEO of Nvidia who said uh who rejected the notion that uh we are in an AI bubble. He said we are not in a AI bubble but we are in a long-term transformatory period. So if it's not Nvidia, is there a second rung Nvidia, tomorrow's Nvidia, some kind of a thing uh in that space which you may uh think of uh riding till this time the wave lasts and you're able to spot the bubble you somewhat before it bursts or you know before that ride ends and then go into more underpriced sector or underpriced company. Do you ever think about that? >> We keep thinking about it and it is kind of a wishful thinking. >> Wishful thinking. Yes, if we can do that then it will be perfect, [laughter] >> right? >> Okay. >> Uh my thought on AI is that uh I agree with him that AI is not a bubble. It is kind of transform definitely transform and uh if you think about any past uh transformative events like we have seen through the years like the railroads, electricity or even internet. The trends remained intact for decades, >> right? They were driver of growth for many many decades but not necessarily the ones that benefited the most early they continue to hold the fort eventually that got spread out >> especially from a stock market return perspect >> from the stock market the it has to spread out to make sure that AI is a real trend >> if the industries that are not particularly in tech if they don't tend to benefit from investing in AI >> right >> then your AI trade will also be died. Got it? >> Kind of will be dead. You don't want that [snorts] to happen. So you want it to broaden out. Now the good companies, think about a company like a Bajage Finance which use tech so brilliantly probably better than any other Indian financial companies. >> Mh. >> Right. So you can you can build businesses or you can make you can better your business in many ways. The adopters the early adopters or who do it really well >> they will see the benefit and that is how the market broadens out. That's how I I would like to think about it. Uh as I said, we missed Nvidia, but uh when it broadens out to other sectors, we want to be in those companies. >> Got it. >> Which can use it in the most efficient way. >> Right. Okay. So my last question is uh as a portfolio manager, active portfolio manager, would you keep any portion in cash if you felt the time isn't right to deploy? I'd put it in lowrisisk assets rather than cash. Cash is probably as we discussed many times cash is you know holding cash just in its raw form it's probably losing value every day. That is the unfortunate truth. >> You're a fan of Ray Dalio who famously said before the covid crash cash is trash. >> You can say that that time at least you know the banks were giving you 0% interest now they give it 5%. So that is a little better >> right? But at the same time given the devaluation is happening in every currency practically. Uh so it's probably better to find something which can at least give you the cost of capital of a fixed income like 5% or more. Right. >> Right. >> And invest there. >> So what kind of a low-risk asset would you put part money in temporarily >> whenever you have to. >> Yeah. I mean there are some arbitrage funds that you can do it uh little more than the bond. >> Right. >> Right. That's that should be a right way to park it, >> right? Wonderful. Thank you, Arindam. It's been really lovely to have you and uh share your insights with uh with us and uh looking forward to hearing more from you. But this has been super super helpful for all investors uh the current ones and uh the prospective ones. So, thank you very much and uh wishing you all the best. >> Thank you. Thank you. And I hope I could answer some of your tough questions. So yeah, [laughter] happy to interact more if you want. Please let me know. >> Thank you so much. Pleasure being here. >> Thank you. >> Thank you.
