---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: AFRM
title: "Klarna vs Affirm? Which is the better stock to buy?"
channel: "Jack Cline"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: qSdLMWFdG1U
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qSdLMWFdG1U
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Klarna vs Affirm? Which is the better stock to buy?

**Channel**: Jack Cline  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qSdLMWFdG1U

## Transcript

In today's video, we're going to be comparing a firm stock to CLA, which is a newly traded company that just IPOed recently, and there's a lot of hype behind it. So, if some of you are wondering, you know, hey, that stock's down a lot based off of where it IPOed at. Is it a good buying opportunity? Well, I'm going to answer those questions in this video. So, make sure you stay tuned for that. I'm also going to be comparing these companies side by side. So, we're going to be looking at the technicals and looking at some different trade ideas when it comes to each company. and then also looking at the fundamentals of the company to see which one, if any, is a good buying opportunity on the dip. So, with that being said, let's jump right into it. And I do respect your time. So, I'm going to be leaving timestamps down below with all the different segments that we'll be covering, so you can go and look at whichever one you find the most value in. So, let's get started. All right. So, the first thing that I want to do is just compare these companies side by side. And if you don't know already, these companies are buy now, pay later companies. Okay? So, in other words, you can, you know, buy an iPad now and pay for it later and they get paid, you know, whatever they agree upon with the merchants, right? So, not a bad gig. But obviously, one thing that I want to mention with companies like this is in the event of a downturn, right, a recession, these are going to get hit the hardest. Of course, this is in my opinion. This is not financial advice. You make your own, you know, sound investing decisions, but just think about it, right? Private loans are some of the most riskiest loans to do, especially when it comes to a recession. And that's because people are going to pay for their home. They're going to pay for their auto loan. They're going to pay for the things that are necessary to live before they pay for, you know, that $300 address that they got on a firm, the buy now pay later app, right? So, that's one thing I want you to consider. Uh, and we'll go into the charts, right? And when we do and we look at the technicals, you can see some of the massive growth that you've seen from like a firm, obviously, it's been traded a lot longer. Uh, but with that being said, it can also see some big downturns, right? High risk, high reward. I need you guys to know that if you're looking to invest in these companies and or make a trade, especially, right? So comparing these side by side, you can see that uh a firm was founded in 2012. CLA's been around a little bit longer, founded in 2005. Uh revenues, all right, you have a firm at 2.3 billion. We'll compare these side by side on a chart, but just a quick overview. And then you have CLA, which is 2.81 billion. So CLA obviously they've been around longer. Nonetheless, moving on, you have the market cap pretty identical, right? side by side. Uh and then you have amount of active customers, right? 111 million for CLA compared to 23 million for a firm. That's great, right? And then obviously going down to employees. CLA again more employees just the bigger company. But my question is 111 million active customers. Why are you not growing more revenues, right? or why why do you not have more revenue compared to an a firm that has literally like a third of the amount of active customers but they're making just as much money. Something to think about, right? Uh they need to find a way to convert those, you know, clients. But the last thing that I added up here is the total shares outstanding. I wanted to mention this because if you're looking at this as like a day trade, swing trade, even a long-term, short-term trade, whatever it is, right? I think this is important because you have a lot more dilution of shares when it comes to a firm, right? 271 million compared to 34 million of CLA, you know, supply and demand, right? I if the demand starts picking up on CLA, that stock's going to move a lot quickly. Uh just because there's not as much supply out there right now. But with that being said, uh don't get me wrong, I'm sure with this being a newer company, they're going to probably slowly be, you know, selling shares onto the market to raise capital and whatnot as this goes. So, I would imagine that number will, you know, continue to increase. Something to keep our eyes on. So, I just wanted to mention those few things to you guys real quick. Compare these companies side by side. You can see for the most part they are pretty similar. With that being said, let's go ahead and jump into the technicals. I want to give you guys a couple trade ideas and just look at, you know, what I would be thinking if I was considering on starting a position in these companies. So, let's jump into the charts. And right here, you can see that I have the 4 hour pulled up. Obviously, as we mentioned, CLA is a newly traded company, so there's not as as much data, right, when it comes to this. Uh, but I have some lines drawn here, right? This is the first line of support that we've made so far. You can see that when we've bounced off of this before, it got bought up very quickly. Uh, and then once we broke this line of support, it dropped very quickly. Also, ramped right back up to it very quickly. You get what I'm saying, right? And then now we're holding at this level. This is a pretty uh solid level of support right now. If you were looking to take like a long-term position, I'd have no issue starting a position right here. uh if we dip down then just to keep adding at your next level uh you know probably would be I don't know maybe around here is where I would add more if you were to break that support. Um but if we're looking at just more of a short-term trade then with that being said we'll zoom in a little bit. I would take a position here. I would have my stop loss somewhere around here here. Here right I mean that you make that decision. And I'd probably have a little bit of a tighter stop-loss and just say, "Hey, I'm either going to get stopped out or I'm going to see all the upside." Right? And you can see here, uh, I mean, this would be an easy trade. Uh, you know, you might lose one and a half, 2% with the, you know, an opportunity to make, oh man, I don't I don't even know. Um, I would say, you know, to be safe, I mean, this line that I have drawn here, right, 7%. To be safe, right? Like, we were just there the other day. Um, so you're, you know, you're losing 2% to make seven. Not a bad riskto-reward. Obviously, if you ride a little bit longer, it could be a lot more lucrative and you could just do a trailing stop-loss. But, nonetheless, that's what I'm looking at when it comes to, you know, making a trade on this stock and and or, you know, just getting into a position. Based off of what we'll get into later, I I just think this company is fairly valued where it's at now. I would have no issue, you know, starting a position here. Um, all right. So, moving on to a firm, right? We have a lot more data when it comes to this chart. Uh, it's been trading for a really long time, but you can see that it's been super bullish of lately. Um, I mean, wow. Like, this downturn was not that long ago, right? This was when we had all the chaos in the market, right? Um, from there, the stock reached as high as $100, up 190%, right? Like it's been so much hype in this stock, but you can see these cycles, right? Hype and then big sell-offs, hypes, and big sell-offs. But nonetheless, like unless we break structure, same thing with this stock as it was for CLA. Uh just for a trade idea, you can take a trade right around here. You put your stop loss below here. If we break here, we're probably going lower and then just reevaluate things uh later. Um but if not, you know, same difference. If you were to get in even right here, I know it's a little bit higher, but you know, hey, 3% you're risking opportunity to ride it back up to here. 20% not a bad riskreward. Just an easy simple trade if you want to look at something like that. Um, again, I mean, I'm not saying that this thing can't go lower. I just think that, you know, based off of recent patterns, you know, we're at a support level. Uh, it looks like where that reversal is kind of, you know, where we have the sell off and then you have the consolidation. We're waiting on that confirmation. We kind of got a fake out breakout here. Um, and then, you know, it's just where the trend line has been following as well. You can see, you know, I just I don't see that changing anytime real soon. But who knows, you can see that this stock again is super volatile. And that's what I wanted to mention to you guys. Yes, this stock is up 190%. Uh, but god forbid someone got into the stock up here. I mean, right now you're down 16% already, right? And if we really had a decent, you know, correction, 30 40% would not be out of the question, right? need you to keep that in mind when we're trading stocks like this, they're just a lot more volatile. And as we mentioned, if there's any uh signs or risk of a recession, I think these stocks are going to see the biggest hit. Okay, so jumping into the funamentals total revenues, you can see right here, they both are growing total revenues beautifully. All right, that is not the issue here. Revenues are growing. And when it comes to comparing these companies side by side, as I mentioned before, I mean, they are they are dang close. And obviously a firm as of late has been taking the lead, you know, when it comes of growing their revenues more, but nonetheless, uh, nothing to complain about. We're seeing a nice, uh, trajectory up for both companies. This is where this a little bit more concerning, right, is the net income, right? We want to see the company profitable. Like it doesn't matter if you're making billions and billions of dollars. If you're spending billions and billions of dollars, then your net income is what? Nothing, right? Uh so again these companies and a firm specifically just started going positive recently and that's probably why you're seeing this big you know influx in the in the stock price right because they're like oh wow the company's finally profitable we see the road uh of you know growth now uh I see Clarina right behind it in in that argument just because you know we looked at the revenues and everything you can see the trajectory right where both companies are on this path of profitability right where the net income is increasing right slowly every quarter and then where you know we've had a couple profitable um quarters for CLA and for a firm as well so that's one thing that we really want to keep our eyes on when it comes to the next earning report is are we profitable right or are we at least closing that gap and not going the opposite way right that would be detrimental for the stock probably all right so moving on to free cash flow wow this was this was interesting right so Clara you can see massive free cash flow like I don't know what happened for them to grow so much free cash flow in these quarters I mean you can see even previously and then it was negative um but comparing this to a firm I mean it's taken the lead substantially I mean it's not even a question here right I mean it's I mean you have $927 million on you know cash on hand compared to I mean almost nothing Um so that's pretty interesting. CLA in that aspect looking really good compared to a firm. Um all right so taking a look at the cash from operations I want to add this slide in here. Uh we have CLA again 48% of their cash coming from operations right and this is projected 5-year. Uh so that that's that that's uh you know looking pretty decent. And then you have a firm it's been on a decline of recent. Uh I'm not sure why, right? I mean, they were showing uh lots of cash from operations and then, you know, now it's kind of taken a dip down. I'd be curious to look into that a little bit more and see, you know, what the reasoning for that is. Uh but nonetheless, you can see, you know, CLA has also dipped down here a few times and it looks like 48% is definitely um on the higher side of what, you know, they've had in the past. So whatever they're doing, they're doing it right and that's been increasing and you know vice versa looks like a firm has been declining. Um so we want to keep our eyes on that and see you know what's going on. Moving on to the next slide we have our balance sheets right keeps a tight balance sheet not going to lie I would like to see obviously a little bit more uh free cash or you know just assets on hand when it comes to comparing it to their liabilities. um you know just again in in the event of something bad happening uh it's good to know that the company just has plenty of assets and cash to pay all their debts right um but nonetheless I mean they are always keeping it lower than their assets their their liabilities lower than their assets uh you know I guess that's the most important thing but this is even more interesting okay moving on to a firm wow the blue is their liabilities like holy Holy dude. Like way more liabilities than than assets. And so I, you know, this is obviously not something that I I'd like to see. I'm sure there's some type of reasoning for it. Um, you know, maybe they're just taking or making a lot of investments right now and it's just taking a little bit of time to pay off. But nonetheless, like this is not giving me a lot of confidence. Again, if we were to see a downturn, holy smokes. Like, you know, I could see a company like a firm just getting slashed. Um so again I mean these companies see massive growth when they're on the uptick and vice versa they can go down very quickly as well. Um all right so moving on to the net profit margin we have CLA in the blue we have a firm in the orange and I you can see here a firm you know taking the lead here with 7.9% total net profit margins. Obviously none of this is really something to write home about. Um, but we want to see it profitable. And this is the thing with companies like this. They have so many clients like active clients using their, you know, platform. And so when they finally achieve profitability, you know, we can really see the the total revenues and net profit really increasing a lot quicker uh at that time. But you can see both of these companies are on the uptick, right? They're both increasing. You can see where CLA actually just had a profitable uh quarter and then dipped back down and now they're coming back up kind of vice versa here. So, hey, it's comparable, but a firm does take the lead there. Then, moving on to return on invested capital. Again, these charts almost look identical. Not going to spend a lot of time here, but you can see that CLA has returned a little bit more on your invested cash compared to a firm. So, one last thing that I just wanted to touch on, and I'm not doing this for CLA just because they're not available, is just looking at the forward price to earnings of these companies. Um, and so you can see here looking at the forward price to earnings of uh a firm, we're trading higher than we have in the past, arguably. Uh, looks like the lowest at this traded on a forward priced earnings, keep that in mind, was a 17. We're trading at a 30 now. we were just recently at like a 37. Um, and then you can see in the past, you know, obviously we're trading at negatives because, you know, the company wasn't profitable yet. Um, nonetheless though, a 30 for a forward price to earnings is not terrible, right? Um, so I don't want to scare you guys too much if you're investing in a company like this, assuming obviously that you know these projections continue. And that's why I'm saying if there is a recession that could change very very quickly. Uh you know their projections could change very very quickly of how much money you know they're projected to make and that could go negative all of a sudden. Uh you know so nonetheless though looking at this uh we've traded a little bit lower in the past. I just wanted to show this chart to you because I always think you know this is a very you know valuable metric to look at. If this was trading at like a a two or 300 price to earnings, that would be even more fear instilled in me because I'm like, whoa, where's this growth coming from? You know what I mean? Like, it hasn't hit yet. And then so when an earnings report comes out and they don't hit these high expectations, guess what? The stock drops like crazy. And that's what you want to be careful about. Uh, but again, looking at a firm, it doesn't look too too bad when it comes to a forward price to earnings. But that's all I have for you guys in this one. I hope you found this video helpful. When it comes to whether or not I would buy the dip on these companies, out of the two, I would have to say that CLA would probably be my first choice. And that's simply because it is so comparable to a firm and I feel that a firm has just seen so much growth in its share price of recently where it seems a little bit more risky to me. Uh on the other hand, CLO has obviously just seen a big decline in its share price and then based off of the metrics and whatnot and the fact that it has like so much less shares outstanding and the fact that it had so much more free cash flow is why I would personally pick Clarina over a firm. Uh but with that being said, I like both companies for a longer term picture. Again, I just wanted to mention, you know, the the short-term risk with companies like this that the the stock price can just fluctuate a lot uh in any given day, right? I mean, up 10 20% I've seen on some of these, you know, depending on the news or the earnings that came out. So, uh again, just definitely be careful with that. But if you're still here, please, please consider subscribing to the channel, like this video, and I'll see you guys in the next
