---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: AFRM
title: "Affirm CEO: We're not seeing a degradation in Affirm's consumer"
channel: "CNBC Television"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: I1LYlVsopAM
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I1LYlVsopAM
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Affirm CEO: We're not seeing a degradation in Affirm's consumer

**Channel**: CNBC Television  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I1LYlVsopAM

## Transcript

Welcome back. A firm shares this morning rising on the back of an earnings beat. Although the stock has given up some of the initial jump, the buy now pay later company reporting a record 20 41 million transactions last quarter. More than 24 million active consumers added another 500,000 users to its debit card. And while the stock is up today, it's still down more than 20% from the 52- week high in September. Joining us first on CNBC this morning is the firm's [music] founder and CEO, Max Lechin. Max, happy Friday. Good to see you again. >> Great to see you. uh you are at the center of so many interesting things the market's watching AI's ability to transform businesses and also some worries about uh the consumer on a macro level especially at the low end. I mean GMV42 doesn't seem to speak to that. >> That's right. I think uh different companies, different stories. A firm is not the place you should worry about. We're doing great. Growth is really strong. 42% as you put it uh not too shabby. just under 11 billion of quarterly gross merchandise volume. Still profitable as we promised we would be doing great. >> So no signals of a degradation uh in consumer spend as far as you can see. >> Not in the affirm consumer. A whole bunch of categories are up. Large categories like ticketing and travel incidentally up in high30s uh and growing. Uh general merchandise is doing really well. Affirm consumer is shopping. They're buying and they're [music] paying us back. Are you are you better in times of stress though as as well? I mean I feel like if if the consumer is a bit stressed if it's a you know buy now and pay later that sure you you may get a a pickup in in business related to that but at the same time are wouldn't you also be concerned about potential default on on uh what what people have taken home? We are certainly concerned about credit quality for every single transaction we underwrite. The good news about a firm in particular is that that is the one thing maybe we are absolutely the best at in the world. First of all, every single transaction is underwritten individually. So we make a decision whether this is a good idea or a bad idea for that consumer every single time. Two, the weighted average life of each of our transaction is just four and a half months. So we get a chance to adjust our credit standards every single day as we go along. Most importantly and sort of maybe less obvious, uh we do not charge late fees, compounding interest or any of the cruddy crutches that the interest industry invented to avoid having to be good at really really good at underwriting. The thing that we do every single day is we make a decision. Is this person capable and willing to pay us back? And if we think the answer is no, we will not lend them the money that they're asking for. The answer is yes, we do well. And you can see this in the numbers. The credit trends are really steady. Our target revenueless transaction cost margin is between three and 4%. Just this quarter we posted 4.2. We're guiding to similarly really strong numbers. I think we're going to do just fine. >> When you see though the challenger numbers that came out this week that you know Carl obviously was alluding to u does it give you any level of concern that what we are see seeing now is just simply the beginning of a bigger wave of layoffs. >> I'm certainly watching jobs data all the time. Maybe the single most important metric we care about at a firm is US employment overall. Certainly don't love to hear about layoffs. Don't love to hear about furloss. But we are underwriting every transaction every single time. We are capable of adjusting our credit standards when we must. Right now things are just fine. We're not seeing any major disturbances at all. >> Uh would you expect an ongoing shutdown to to change that view? You know, actually, fun fact, we we were watching obviously very carefully just what's going on in the federally employed uh base and uh we are not seeing any signs of credit stress among consumers who are employed by the federal government, including the ones obviously who are not working right now. We are seeing a very subtle loss of interest in shopping just for that group. There's a couple of basis points which should actually give our shareholders comfort because we're capable of detecting these really subtle changes. That means we're certainly watching the numbers, but also we'll react as as the things change. >> What's your outlook look like for for new partnerships? I mean, you already have Shopify and and Amazon obviously and and others, but how do you view that moving forward? >> We're still very committed to expanding our merchant base. You know, we're every single day out there preaching the gospel of buy now, pay later being the better way to buy and consumers are obviously responding. 24.1 million active consumers just this quarter. So, it's, you know, certainly catching and uh we are making the message easier and easier for merchants to believe in just because we're growing so well. >> Max, I thought of you uh this week because the economist did this story about this paper being done at the Yale School of Management that looks at AI and whether or not facial analysis, in other words, a photograph of an applicant, can help determine how likely they are to be good on their credit. Are we in that realm of uh of AI at the moment? Um, you know, we have a very significant effort in both machine learning, sort of classical AI as they put it now, and sort of the the more cutting edge stuff all the time. We're very far into research of all kinds of really interesting models, many of them experimental. The one thing to remember, and we certainly keep that in mind very firmly, there's a tremendous number of laws and regulations that govern what you can and cannot [music] use for underwriting purposes and and many other purposes within credit underwriting. So while there might be some really interesting ideas around who looks like what or you know maybe who lives where, many of those things are illegal to underwrite on and we would never break any of those laws. So as much as I enjoy reading papers like that, I think more of them are academic than not. >> I'm going to ask you a question to finish that has nothing to do uh with a firm uh but everything to do with uh your longevity out there and your relationship with Elon Musk. What's your reaction to the approval of the trillion dollar pay package? You know, he if his shareholders voted for it, he's worth it. He's a great friend. I think he's probably the greatest entrepreneur of the century. More power to him. >> Did you expect that it was going to get approved? >> To be honest, I was busy with my own quarter. >> Oh, I'm sure you were watching it at least to some respects. >> Max, it's always good to get your take, even though we have to sometimes drag you kicking and screaming to talk macro. Come back soon. Good to see you. >> Great to see you.
