---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: AFRM
title: "I Analyze Affirm's Latest Earnings Results and Update My Rating on the Stock | AFRM STock Analysis"
channel: "Parkev Tatevosian, CFA"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: 3dUfw5FwDhQ
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dUfw5FwDhQ
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# I Analyze Affirm's Latest Earnings Results and Update My Rating on the Stock | AFRM STock Analysis

**Channel**: Parkev Tatevosian, CFA  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dUfw5FwDhQ

## Transcript

A firm, the buy now pay later company reported quarterly financial results that pleased stock market investors and the stock price is up almost 11% following the announcement of the results. Of course, I'm happy about that because I've had a firm stock rated as a buy all year long in 2025 and it's up almost 42% year to date. So, I'm happy this stock has performed well because I recommended it and rated it as a buy. So, in this video, I'm going to review a firm's latest quarterly financial results and share with you the big picture details you need to know about from these company's results. And I'll share with you my proprietary discounted cash flow calculation that values the business and calculates a fair value for the stock. I'll also share with you the valuation on a forward price to earnings basis. So, we get another perspective on valuation. and I'll update my buy or sell rating and let you know if I still think the stock is a buy after it's increased by so much already in 2025. I want to thank the Mly full for sponsoring this video. Visit fool.com/parkev for the 10 best stocks to buy now. The firm reported that it now has 377,000 active merchants on its network and that was up 24% in 2025 uh fiscal year 2025 and they're demonstrating increased transaction frequency which was up 20% during the same time. Now that's one of the important parts of a firm's business. It's a network, a platform that brings together merchants and buyers, consumers, borrowers, and you can't have one without the other. And one helps the other. So when a firm adds new merchants to the platform, it makes the platform more attractive to consumers because if you have more businesses that offer these buy now pay later services, then more consumers will want to sign up to these buy now pay later services like a firm. So it's a positive virtuous cycle that feeds on itself and one side always helps the other. I mentioned merchants, right? If you have more consumers that are signing up to a firm's platform, that's going to make merchants more open and willing to accept a firm on its platform to sign up with a firm. Now, a firm benefits from this tailwind that's boosting business overall. You see, when a consumer is looking at a purchase price of $500, they may not buy that product. But if they can see that they can sign up for buy now pay later and make five installment payments of $100 instead of one upfront payment of $500, they're probably more interested in purchasing the product. So, a firm's services help businesses make sales. So, they're going to be more interested in offering this to their buyers because it helps facilitate sales. And that's the tailwind that's boosting a firm and other buy now pay later. The whole industry is benefiting from this tailwind that adds uh purchase uh improvements that facilitates or greases the flywheel of our economy and creates more transactions. Now you can argue and say well people should just save and only buy things when they have enough money to buy them. And I would agree with you, but that's an argument for a whole another type of argument. And uh our whole economy here, at least in the United States, is based so much on borrowing that it's unrealistic to think uh what would happen if we had no borrowing. That's an interesting experiment. Actually, I usually run a case study in my economics classes and sometimes in my finance classes that I teach at university. And I have students evaluate the scenario where people couldn't borrow, right? What would home prices be if you couldn't get a mortgage to buy a home and you had to save up all of the money you needed to buy a home? Imagine what home prices would be, right? And it's interesting to consider these situations because if that was the case, there will be such uh fewer compet such limited competition for home purchases that the prices of homes I think would collapse if there was a sudden end to mortgages, right? So, it's interesting and debt is just part of our economy now and it's hard to imagine a time without debt. So if anything I think borrowing will continue and likely increase uh going forward. So the management team did hit their profitability target operating pro income profitability in Q4 2025 right on schedule as they committed a year ago. So speaking of their operating leverage from fiscal year 23 to fiscal year 2025 they nearly doubled their gross merchandise value on the platform while keeping headcount essentially flat. That increased the revenue per employee to over 1.5 million. That's an impressive number for revenue per employee. Some more highlights from the company. Gross merchandise volume grew 43% to 10.4 billion driven by strength with their largest partners. Gross merchandise value derived from instore usage of their card increased by 187%. I've been watching this category closely because a firm benefits mostly from online purchases, but it's making inroads in physical purchases and GMV derived from instore usage increased 187%. That's excellent growth in a category where a firm doesn't have a very large presence. Active card holder count nearly doubled to 2.3 million as card attach rates increase 10%. active consumers excluding the discontinued returnly business increased by 24% to 23 million as of June 30th. That's the sixth consecutive quarter that year-over-year growth rate of active consumers accelerated. That's the second derivative, which I talk about a lot on my channel being incredibly important as an indicator of demand for a company's products. Not only is the company increasing customer acquisition but it's increasing the rate of increases and that's really really attractive for investors. Active merchant count increased by 24% as I talked about earlier and growth accelerated slightly from the prior quarter and even on that side of the equation growth is accelerating. So, as I mentioned, it's a flywheel that benefits. It's a virtuous cycle. Uh, more active merchants makes more consumers interested in signing up for a firm. More consumers makes more merchants interested in accepting and partnering with a firm. And so, they just feed on each other. And it continues expanding. And it has the potential to be a very lucrative business in the long run. I modeled this business model to something like Visa, right? Visa has over 4 billion cards outstanding and Visa operates on an operating profit margin over 60%. It's the most profitable company out of all of the companies that I've followed. And so a firm has that kind of potential to build a network, a two-sided network with merchants and consumers. I don't think it can reach well it could over the very very long run. It could become as successful as Visa, but even if it only achieves half of the success of Visa, it will deliver phenomenal returns for shareholders in the long run. So, now that we looked at the key performance metrics from the company's latest quarter, let me share with the valuation. The intrinsic value per share I calculated for a firm is $67 per share. Now, I haven't had a chance to incorporate the new data from the recent financial release into my discounted cash flow valuation model. It typically takes a few days for me to digest the new information and incorporate it into the valuation. I wouldn't be surprised if my intrinsic value per share increases following the uh absorption of the new information. The current market price now after jumping by 11% is $8822. And when I go to fiscal.ai, which is my preferred data provider, and I look at the forward price to earnings ratio, it's trading at a forward PE of 40, which is near the most expensive this stock has been going all the way back to January of 2022. But at that point, the forward PE ratio was negative. In fact, it was negative all the way to July of 2024. But as I mentioned earlier, the company recently hit profitability on an operating income basis. So, as I highlighted, I've had a firm stock rated as a buy all year long here. I last updated this recommendation on May 9th, and the business performance continues improving. And the valuation while it is getting expensive on a risk versus reward basis and measuring the company's performance and total addressable market opportunity, I think it's still worthwhile to pay a premium price for this business because it's demonstrating excellent performance metrics. So, I'm going to reiterate my buy rating on a firm, letting you know that I still think it's a buy even at these higher prices. Hey everyone, I'm excited to announce that my book is finally available for sale. I've been working on it for more than a year now. So, I'm really excited to finally share this with you. Now, it goes through my framework for evaluating stocks. Some of you often ask why I like this stock or why I like the other stock. And this framework provides you the things that I look at when I'm evaluating stocks. I've added the link in the description below.
