---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: AFRM
title: "Affirm CEO Max Levchin goes one-on-one with Jim Cramer"
channel: "CNBC Television"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: driuldHrRUs
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=driuldHrRUs
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Affirm CEO Max Levchin goes one-on-one with Jim Cramer

**Channel**: CNBC Television  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=driuldHrRUs

## Transcript

WE GOT A REALLY IMPRESSIVE QUARTER FROM A FIRM HOLDINGS. THE BUY NOW, PAY LATER POWERHOUSE SCOTT WISE POSTED A 12 CENT EARNINGS BEAT OFF AN 11 CENT BASIS WITH MUCH HIGHER THAN EXPECTED REVENUE. THE STOCK SHOT UP MORE THAN 11% THE NEXT DAY, REACHING A HIGH OF $79 AND CHANGE A COUPLE OF DAYS LATER. SINCE THEN, THOUGH, A FIRM HAS GRADUALLY DRIFTED LOWER BECAUSE OF CONCERNS ABOUT THE STATE OF THE CONSUMER, TO THE POINT WHERE IT'S NOW BACK TO $65 IN CHANGE. TRADING LIKE THAT GREAT QUARTER NEVER HAPPENED. I THINK THAT'S CRAZY BECAUSE THE FED JUST CUT INTEREST RATES AGAIN LAST WEEK, AND EVEN BEFORE THAT, WE GOT A TON OF VERY POSITIVE QUARTERS FROM ALL SORTS OF RETAILERS SUGGESTING THE CONSUMER IS DOING FINE. BUT DON'T TAKE IT FROM ME. LET'S CHECK IN WITH MAX LEVCHIN. THE THE FOUNDER AND CEO OF A FIRM. HOLDING IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE GUESTS. GET A BETTER SENSE OF HOW THINGS ARE GOING. MR. LEVCHIN, WELCOME BACK TO MAD MONEY. >> THANK YOU FOR THE KIND WORDS, JIM. >> ALL RIGHT, SO, MAX, I GOT TO TELL YOU, I OWN THIS STOCK FOR MY CHARITABLE TRUST. IT'S CALLED CAPITAL ONE. IT'S KILLING IT. AND THEN IT JUST BOUGHT A NETWORK. DISCOVER KILLING IT. BUT I REMEMBER WHEN I LOOK AT A COMPANY LIKE CAPITAL ONE, I ALWAYS SAY, YOU KNOW WHAT? THERE ARE PEOPLE WHO DON'T PAY. AND BECAUSE OF THEM, I'M PAYING A HUGE AMOUNT. NOW, HOW ABOUT WE JUST CUT OUT ALL THE PEOPLE WHO DON'T PAY AND THEN I CAN. I DON'T HAVE TO PAY MUCH AT ALL. CORRECT. >> YOU'RE SUMMARIZING OUR BUSINESS MODEL PRETTY WELL RIGHT THERE. IF YOU GET REALLY GOOD AT UNDERWRITING, YOU DON'T HAVE TO CHARGE LATE FEES. YOU DON'T HAVE TO THROW IN SOME HIDDEN CHARGES HERE AND THERE. MOST CERTAINLY DON'T HAVE TO HIDE YOUR BUSINESS MODEL AND FINE PRINT. SO YEP, THAT THAT IS CORRECT. >> AT THE SAME TIME, THE MORE IT'S USED, THE BETTER I AM AT IT VERSUS JUST USING THE SAME MODEL I'VE BEEN USING SINCE 1980. CORRECT? >> THAT IS RIGHT. WE WE WE SEEM TO HAVE UNCOVERED SOMETHING. IT'S ALWAYS BEEN TRUE. JUST THE INDUSTRY DRIFTED AWAY FROM IT OVER THE YEARS. >> OKAY. SO YOU AND I BOTH HAD VERY SIMILAR EXPERIENCES I WAS UNDER I HAD SEVEN CREDIT CARDS. I FINALLY I GOT MAXED OUT BANCO POPULAR AND I WAS PAYING. I WAS PAYING MORE THAN I WAS EATING AND I DIDN'T KNOW WHAT TO DO, BUT THAT WAS BECAUSE I FELT THAT WAS MY FAULT. IS IT THE CONSUMER'S FAULT THAT THEY'RE PAYING THAT MUCH? >> YOU KNOW, THE SYSTEM IS DESIGNED TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THOSE WHO DON'T WANT TO DO EXPONENTIAL MATH IN THEIR HEAD, DON'T HAVE THE TIME FOR IT, MAYBE JUST DON'T HAVE THE THE UNDERSTANDING. SO I'M NOT REALLY YOUR FAULT FOR GETTING ENTANGLED IN IT, BUT IT'S BASICALLY IMPOSSIBLE TO GET OUT. AND YOU'RE TOTALLY RIGHT. THE STORIES ARE JUST ABOUT THE SAME. CAME TO US AS A TEENAGER, HAD NO IDEA HOW CREDIT CARDS WORK, PROMPTLY GOT MYSELF OVEREXTENDED, AND THEN TOOK A DECADE TO CLIMB OUT OF THE CYCLE OF DEBT. AND THE REASON I STARTED A FIRM IS TO DEMONSTRATE THAT THERE'S A BETTER SYSTEM, AND IT'S NOW BEEN USED BY 20, 30, 40 MILLION AMERICANS OVER THE LAST BUNCH OF YEARS. AND NONE OF THEM HAVE EVER PAID US A PENNY OF LATE FEES OR REVOLVING INTEREST. AND THAT IS PROOF THAT YOU CAN BUILD A BETTER MOUSETRAP. >> LET'S TALK ABOUT USURY. IF I WERE KING OF THE FOREST, I WOULD SAY WE SHOULD HAVE NO USURY. THAT USURY IS BAD DOESN'T GO WELL WITH OUR COUNTRY. IT'S NOT THE TYPE OF THING THAT THE FOUNDING FATHERS WERE THINKING OF. LET'S BAN USURY. COULD IT BE BANNED? >> YOU KNOW, I THINK IT DEPENDS A LITTLE BIT ON HOW YOU DEFINE USURY. BUT WHAT I WOULD GET VERY QUICKLY BEHIND IS LET'S BAN JUNK FEES. LET'S BAN, LET'S REGULATE. YOU KNOW, BAN IS A LITTLE STRONG, BUT LET'S REGULATE LATE FEES. SOME FOLKS REQUIRE LATE FEES FOR BUSINESS MODEL. WE DO NOT. BUT IF YOU'RE GOING TO START REGULATING THINGS A LITTLE BIT MORE TIGHTLY AROUND BORROWING, FIRST THINGS FIRST, DON'T CONFUSE PEOPLE. DON'T SHOW THEM 0% THAT AREN'T ZERO. DON'T TELL THEM STORIES THAT AREN'T TRUE. DEFINITELY DON'T PROMISE THEM REWARDS THAT THEY'RE NEVER GOING TO BE ABLE TO CLAIM. SO TRANSPARENCY. BY THE WAY, WE HAVE A LOT OF LAWS ON THE BOOKS THAT TELL US, HEY, YOU GOT TO BE TRUTHFUL. YOU GOT TO BE HONEST WHEN YOU LEND MONEY. SO JUST KEEPING THOSE IN MIND WOULD BE A GOOD START. BUT WE ALSO DO NOT HAVE A NATIONAL CAP ON RATES. WE DO HAVE A LAW CALLED MILITARY LENDING ACT THAT SAYS, HEY, THERE IS A CAP. IT JUST APPLIES TO A SUBSET OF PEOPLE. AND SO EXTENDING THAT NATIONALLY WOULDN'T BE A BAD IDEA. THERE'S A LOT OF GREAT IDEAS OUT THERE, BUT ONLY THINGS KEPT EQUAL. JUST KEEPING IT TRANSPARENT, SIMPLE, TAPPING OUT LATE FEES, MAKING SURE PEOPLE ARE INFORMED EXACTLY ABOUT HOW THEY'RE BORROWING MONEY AND WHEN THEY'RE OUT OF DEBT. THAT WOULD BE GREAT. MAYBE MY BIGGEST WISH, INCIDENTALLY, IS THE INDUSTRY WOULD JUST GO TOWARDS SIMPLE INTEREST, FIXED TERMS, TRANSACTIONS. THE RATE ALMOST DOESN'T MATTER IF YOU KNOW WHEN YOU'RE DONE PAYING OFF. IF YOU HAVE A SCHEDULE IN FRONT OF YOU, YOU'RE BORROWING TODAY. YOU'RE DONE IN SIX MONTHS, DONE IN 12 MONTHS. WHATEVER IT IS THAT IS A GREAT OUTCOME. ALMOST DOESN'T MATTER WHAT YOUR RATE IS, THERE'S NOT ENOUGH TIME TO ACCRUE THAT MUCH INTEREST. IF YOU BORROW ONCE OR PAY ONCE AND PAY FOREVER, WHICH IS WHAT MOST CREDIT CARDS ARE MODELED TO DO, THEN THE RATE REALLY DOES MATTER AND YOU FIND YOURSELF IN DEBT YOU WILL NEVER GET OUT OF. >> RIGHT? SO WE HAVE ONE OF OUR ENTERPRISING RESEARCHERS GO ON AND SIGN UP YESTERDAY, AND WITHIN A FEW MINUTES, HE FOUND OUT THAT HE COULD SPEND $2,000. NOW, HOW DID YOU DO THAT? HOW DID YOU FIND THAT FROM  ADDRESS? >> WELL, THERE'S A LITTLE BIT MORE TO THE DATA THAT WE PICK UP THAN THE ANSWER. SO WE LOOK AT BOTH PUBLICLY AVAILABLE DATA. AND SO BY PUBLICLY AVAILABLE IN THIS CASE I MEAN YOUR CREDIT REPORT. SO WE PULLED THAT IN IN REAL TIME DID NOT AFFECT HIS CREDIT RATING. DIDN'T CHANGE HIS CREDIT SCORE. WANT TO BE CLEAR ABOUT THAT. AND COMPUTED A PROPRIETARY SCORE THAT WE DESIGNED HERE AND HAVE PERFECTED I WOULD ARGUE, FOR THE LAST 15 YEARS, WE LOOKED AT ALL THE OTHER OBLIGATIONS THIS PERSON HAS. WE MADE SURE THAT WE HAVE A PRETTY GOOD IDEA OF WHAT THIS PERSON'S CASH FLOW LOOKS LIKE. AND I DON'T KNOW IF THAT HAPPENED TO THIS PERSON, BUT IN MANY CIRCUMSTANCES, IF WE DON'T HAVE A PERFECT PICTURE FROM JUST THAT DATA, WE MIGHT GO AS FAR AS TO ASK THEM TO PROVIDE THEIR CASH FLOW INFORMATION AND WOULD DO WHAT'S CALLED CASH FLOW UNDERWRITING. WE'RE REALLY DO UNDERSTAND EXACTLY WHAT'S HAPPENING IN THEIR PERSONAL BANK ACCOUNT, AND THAT GETS US TO A NUMBER THAT WE BELIEVE THIS PERSON HAS THE CAPACITY TO CARRY, WHILE ADDING TO THE REST OF THEIR MORTGAGE, RENT, CAR, WHATEVER OTHER PAYMENTS THEY'RE OBLIGED TO DO. BECAUSE WE DON'T CHARGE LATE FEES, WE HAVE TOTAL ALIGNMENT WITH OUR CONSUMERS. IF THEY DON'T PAY US BACK, WE JUST LOSE MONEY. THERE'S NO MAGIC IN THE BUSINESS MODEL, AND THAT TRANSPARENCY ALIGNS US FULLY WITH THAT PERSON. SO THIS $2,000 REPRESENTS OUR BELIEF OF WHAT THIS PERSON CAN BORROW. PERHAPS THEY CAN BORROW MORE. PERHAPS THEY CAN, YOU KNOW, DO EVEN BETTER THAN THAT. BUT THIS IS THE NUMBER WHERE WE BELIEVE THEY'RE VERY, VERY SAFE. >> NOW WHEN I LOOK AT HOW YOUR STOCK'S DONE WITH ALL THE OTHER CREDIT CARD COMPANIES, IT'S PRETTY MUCH THE SAME OTHER THAN THE ONES THAT CHARGE REALLY INCREDIBLE RATES. I MEAN, INCREDIBLE FOR THE COMPANY. NOT INCREDIBLE FOR YOU. AND WHAT IT REMINDS ME IS, IS THAT THE LEVEL OF UNDERWRITING THAT YOU JUST DESCRIBED IS FAR MORE THOROUGH. IF THOSE RELY ON THE SCORES. YOU USED TO DETERMINE A GREAT INTERVIEW WITH BLOOMBERG THAT THE SCORES CAN BE GAMED, HOW DO YOU GAME THE SCORES? I DON'T KNOW HOW. >> YOU KNOW, THERE'S ALL SORTS OF COMPANIES OUT THERE AND I DON'T WANT TO. >> I KNOW YOU DON'T WANT TO ENCOURAGE IT, BUT. >> I DON'T WANT TO ENCOURAGE IT EITHER. THAT'S A GOOD, GOOD CATCH THERE. YOU KNOW, PEOPLE CREATE THESE LOANS THAT AREN'T REAL LOANS. THEY TAKE OUT CARDS THEY DON'T ACTUALLY PLAN TO USE. THERE'S ALL SORTS OF TRICKS YOU CAN DO TO JUST SORT OF GAME THE SYSTEM, AND THERE'S NO SUBSTITUTE FOR BUILDING YOUR OWN MODEL. IF YOU'RE GOING TO BE SERIOUS, IF YOU'RE GOING TO BE PRO-CONSUMER, YOU HAVE TO DO THE HARD THING AND BUILD A FULL HISTORICAL RECORD AND THEN UNDERWRITE AGAINST THAT. AND THAT'S WHAT WE'VE DONE. THE GAMES ARE SHORT TERM, INEVITABLY, BY THE WAY, THE INDUSTRY AND THE REGULATORS HATE THESE GAMES, AND THEY'RE ALWAYS TRYING TO FIND WAYS TO JUST PUT THEM BACK DOWN. >> ALL RIGHT. SO HOW ABOUT THIS NEW PARTNERSHIP. IS IT A TEMPLATE FOR OTHERS. WHAT WHAT'S SO EXCITES YOU ABOUT IT. >> IT JUST I MEAN THIS IS TODAY'S NEWS. THANK YOU FOR FOR READING IT. SO WE'VE BEEN PUSHING PRETTY HARD. >> DON'T DO THAT TO ME. I'M TRYING TO BE GOOD. >> WE YOU KNOW, WE'VE BEEN WORKING ON OUR ENTRY INTO THE UK, WHICH IS REALLY IMPORTANT TO US. WE'VE DONE EXCEEDINGLY WELL IN THE US. WE BUILT A GREAT BUSINESS IN CANADA. WE'VE BEEN SORT OF THE UNDISPUTED CHAMPION OF NORTH AMERICA FOR A LITTLE WHILE. IT'S TIME TO GO OVER THE POND AND BRING OUR BRAND OF BUY NOW, PAY LATER TO THE REST OF THE WORLD. UK IS SORT OF THE STAGING GROUND WE COMMITTED TO UK AS A COUNTRY. WE'VE INVESTED QUITE A LOT OF MONEY AND EFFORT AND BUILT A REAL TEAM THERE. AND SO A COUPLE OF ANNOUNCEMENTS HAPPENED. REVOLVE IS A GREAT BRAND AND WE EXTENDED THE BUSINESS WE HAVE WITH THEM BOTH IN CANADA. BUT UK IS REALLY IMPORTANT. >> BECAUSE IT. >> IS SUCH A WELL KNOWN. >> IT IS BIG BECAUSE YOU CAN'T COULD BE A BIG MARKET FOR YOU. ALL RIGHT. NOW I. >> KNOW WE HAVE A LOT OF CONVICTION AROUND UK. WE THINK IT'S GOING TO BE A VERY BIG DEAL. WE JUST TOOK SHOPIFY, WHICH IS A GREAT PARTNER OF OURS. >> THAT WAS A GREAT DEAL. >> YEAH, YEAH, YEAH. SO IT'S NOW. >> A VERY. >> JABIL TO ANY SHOPIFY MERCHANT IN THE UK. IT'S GOING TO BE AMAZING. WE DID SO WELL WITH THEM IN THE US AND IN CANADA. UK IS JUST A NATURAL EXTENSION. SO VERY, VERY EXCITED ABOUT. >> THAT NOW BECAUSE I'M NOT WORRIED ABOUT UNDERWRITING STANDARDS. GIVE ME VOLUME STANDARDS. HOW MUCH VOLUME HAS THERE DONE SO FAR IN THE HOLIDAY SEASON? PRETTY GOOD. >> I THINK. YOU HAVE TO TUNE IN FOR MY NEXT REPORT BECAUSE THAT THAT'S IN THE CURRENT QUARTER. I DO HAVE SOME FUN STATS FROM THE HOLIDAY SEASON IF YOU WANT THEM. SO EVERY YEAR I'M ALWAYS TRYING TO FIGURE OUT WHAT'S GOING TO BE BIG, WHAT'S GOING TO BE SMALL. AND SO LAST HOLIDAY SEASON IT WAS BEMOANING THE YOU KNOW, WE'VE TRAVELED OUT AFTER COVID. EVERYBODY WANTED TO TRAVEL, EVERYBODY WANTED TO GO EVERYWHERE. AND IT WAS SORT OF LIKE, YOU KNOW, NOT NOT THAT GOOD. NOT TRUE. THIS HOLIDAY SEASON, BLACK FRIDAY, CYBER MONDAY, WE SAW 47% YEAR OVER YEAR GROWTH IN JUST TRAVEL OKAY. AND THE KIDS ARE RIGHT. SO GEN Z IS TRAVELING GROWTH YEAR OVER YEAR 75 PLUS PERCENT YEAR OVER YEAR. SO IT IS VERY CLEARLY THE CASE THAT WE'RE NOT DONE TRAVELING. THERE'S PLENTY OF DESTINATIONS TO GO. WE SAW A BIG REBOUND IN SPORTING GOODS, WHICH FOR A WHILE WAS KIND OF A SAD STORY. LAST YEAR WE WEREN'T REPLACING ANY ANY SPORTING GOODS. BUT THAT'S NOT TRUE. THIS THIS GO AROUND SPORTING GOODS OUTDOORS. WE HAD SOME GOOD NUMBERS THERE ANYWAY. YOU KNOW, MAYBE IF YOU WANT TO SORT OF A RELIEF ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THAT GREAT STORY, WE SAW HUGE GROWTH IN 0% LOANS, WHICH IS WHERE THE RETAILER BASICALLY PAYS YOUR INTEREST. RIGHT. THE BEST DEAL, BY THE WAY, IS IF YOU'RE BORROWING MONEY, PAYING OVER TIME, PAYING NO INTEREST WHATSOEVER. AND WITH AFFIRM, THERE'S NO ASTERISK. YOU'RE NOT GETTING CAUGHT OUT WITH SOME SORT OF A OH, WAIT, BY THE WAY, IT MIGHT NOT BE ZERO. IT IS ALWAYS ZERO WHEN WE PROMISE IT A ZERO. WE SAW MASSIVE GROWTH OF 0% FOR THE LAST FEW QUARTERS IN BLACK FRIDAY, CYBER MONDAY, WE SAW MORE THAN AVERAGE 70 PLUS PERCENT GROWTH YEAR OVER YEAR. AND IN THE SIX MONTH PLAN, WHICH TELLS YOU THAT PEOPLE ARE LOOKING TO STRETCH THEIR HOLIDAY DOLLARS INTO NEXT YEAR, THIS IS A REALLY GOOD BELLWETHER THAT GREW ALMOST TRIPLE. AND SO THOSE ARE REALLY GOOD INDICATORS THAT CONSUMERS ARE SHOPPING, THEY'RE BUYING. OUR CREDIT NUMBERS ARE QUITE STRONG. SO THEY'RE PAYING THEIR BILLS BACK. BUT THEY'RE LOOKING TO STRETCH THEIR DOLLAR. THEY ARE PRICE CONSCIOUS. THEY'RE LOOKING FOR DEALS. >> I THINK THAT MAKES A TON OF SENSE FOR THE CONSUMER AND FOR WHAT YOU'RE DOING WITH YOUR COMPANY. I WANT TO THANK MAX LEVCHIN, FOUNDER AND CEO AND REVOLUTIONARY OF AFFIR
