---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: AFRM
title: "Why Is Affirm Stock Crashing, and is it a Buying Opportunity? | AFRM Stock Analysis"
channel: "Parkev Tatevosian, CFA"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: pvxvOSgj3qs
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvxvOSgj3qs
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Why Is Affirm Stock Crashing, and is it a Buying Opportunity? | AFRM Stock Analysis

**Channel**: Parkev Tatevosian, CFA  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvxvOSgj3qs

## Transcript

A firm, the buy now pay later company, has seen its share price fall over 36% year-to date in 2026. And of course, I'm disappointed in that because I've had a farm stock rated as a buy for more than 2026. Actually, I've had it rated as a buy for over a year now. Thankfully, if you look back over a year, the share price has performed better. Although it has been volatile, it's still down over 5% over the previous year. So, I'm going to highlight some of the reasons why a firm stock is down. I'm going to share with you my updated discounted cash flow valuation model for the company so you can see what I calculate as a fair value for this business. And then I'm going to update my buy, hold, or sell rating and let you know if I'm still bullish on this company or if I think it's time to sell or downgrade this business. I want to thank the Mlyool for sponsoring this video. Visit f.com/parkev for the 10 best stocks to buy now. >> So over the previous month and months, one of the bigger reasons why a firm stock is down is because of fears of artificial intelligence disrupting the financial sector, the financial technology sector. on February 23rd. Specifically, the stock fell sharply as investors reacted negatively to potential risks associated with the rapid advancements in AI technology affecting payment processors. This bearish sentiment was compounded by analyst downgrades and negative commentary surrounding competitors such as Clara. Now, the fintech industry is not the only industry impacted by the rising effectiveness of artificial intelligence. We've seen many industries impacted negatively and many share prices down significantly since we saw those announcement from anthropic and others that are coming out with these agentic AI solutions that's threatening a lot of companies including a firm. Now I've been talking about how I felt those fears are overblown. investors are extrapolating continued exponential improvement in the effectiveness of artificial intelligence and all of these things that need to happen in order for companies like a firm and others like Salesforce, Adobe, etc. to be as impacted as the market is pricing in. Some selloff is understandable to be sure when the threats of obsolescence are increasing, but I think the sell-offs have been overdone across the board. Now, while the analyst on Wall Street have been discussing some negative sentiment surrounding a firm, the overall expectation is for the company's free cash flow to grow robustly over these next several years. The company generated roughly $3.18 billion in free cash flow in 2025 and that's estimated to more than double to 6.448 billion by the fiscal year which ends in June of 2028. I should say those estimates I just provided were for the company's revenue growth, the topline growth over these next few years. The free cash flow expectations are still expected to grow, but those numbers are different. In fact, for the quarter for the year that ends in June of 2026, the analyst on Wall Street forecast that a firm's free cash flow will generate $1.18 billion and more than double to $2.7 billion by the fiscal year that ends June of 2028. Now if you take that free cash flow figure that I provided and you divide it with the revenue figure I provided earlier, you can see that the business is expected to be quite lucrative in terms of free cash flow divided by revenue or the dollar per dollar generated in revenue compared to how much is generated in free cash flow. It's a relatively assetike business model. Still the risks are large with this kind of business. Not only is a firm facing threats from the rising effectiveness of artificial intelligence, but it's also got significant regulatory concern. Right now, the current administration has been very friendly in terms of business and allowing these kinds of activities to take place and taking a hands-off approach to regulation. That's been positive for companies like a firm and other companies in financial technology and prediction markets and cryptocurrencies etc etc. All of these kinds of activities that in some cases and during some administrations would face more regulatory scrutiny have had a nice opportunity to expand under the current administration which has taken a very light regulatory approach. So there's that risk still pending in the background and then you have the risk from the rising effectiveness of artificial intelligence and then you've got the macroeconomic risks as a result of the war in Iran and tariffs and all these risks are piling up for a firm stock investors. But the good news is that you're getting compensated for taking that risk. And as I often tell my finance students at at university, as financial professionals, we shouldn't be afraid of risk, right? We shouldn't be afraid of risk as financial professionals. Now, you might not be a financial professional, but this theory still holds true in that you don't want to be afraid of taking risk. You should take appropriate risk based on your personal financial situation. But what the main goal associated with risk should be to make sure you're getting compensated for the risk that you're taking to be aware of the risk that you're taking and to make sure to be getting compensated for that risk. All else being equal, you prefer to have less risk. Right? You want to make money from your investments. And if you can make the same amount of money from your investments while taking lower risk, that should be appreciated. So the good news with the firm is that you are getting compensated for the risk. The company has an extremely high beta of 3.73 which is a measurement of risk. Additionally, this measurement of risk goes into my discounted cash flow valuation for the company and it goes into the valuation models for many professional investors that are evaluating this company, including the professionals in Wall Street institutions that provide those price targets and buy, hold, or sell signals. So that 3.73 beta is going into this cash flow valuation which results in a weighted average cost of capital of over 14%. So you're ca you're getting compensated for that risk. And despite those high levels of weighted average cost of capital, the intrinsic value per share at $81 is still far above that $47 per share for its current market price. So acknowledging the fact that this is an extremely high-risisk business, if you're an investor that likes high risk in compensation for the potential for getting a very high return, then this business is right for you. If you're looking for high risk with high reward, a firm stock is right for you. So, I uh reiterated my buy rating for a firm as a result of its current valuation compared to its current prospects and its longerterm risk profile. By the way, did you know about our exciting channel membership program? You get so much for less than $5 a month, including dozens of exclusive videos, access to exclusive research on over 100 stocks, and early access to my many of my videos before everyone else sees them. Click that join button below to learn what this program is all about.
