---
ticker: NU
type: youtube
title: "David Vélez - CEO of Nubank | Podcast | In Good Company | Norges Bank Investment Management"
channel: "Norges Bank Investment Management"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npVZsYaoJs0
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 51856
---

# David Vélez - CEO of Nubank | Podcast | In Good Company | Norges Bank Investment Management

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Norges Bank Investment Management
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npVZsYaoJs0

## 转录全文

[Music] Hi everyone, I'm Nicolai Tangen, the CEO of the Norwegian Sovereign Wealth Fund, and today I'm joined by a true fintech pioneer who has transformed banking in Latin America. David Velez is the co-founder and CEO of Nubank, one of the world's largest digital banks, serving something like nearly 120 million customers in Brazil, Mexico, and Colombia. And under David's leadership, Nubank has grown from a startup to one of the most valuable banks in the region. So David, a warm welcome. Thank you, Nicolai. It's a pleasure to be here with you. Now, take us Take us back to the beginning. Like how did your upbringing shape what you're doing now? Sure. So I don't come from a family of bankers at all, but I do come from a family of entrepreneurs. I'm originally from Colombia. Grew up in a in a family where my dad had 11 siblings, my dad had my mom had five, and they were all micro entrepreneurs. They all had their own business, my dad as well. So what did you guys talk about around the dinner table? Yeah, so the understanding was that you had to go and build your own thing. And if you were about to get a job or you were going to try to manage something, that was look up front. What was cool in the family, the DNA in the family was starting your own thing and solving a bunch of problems. Is that a DNA you are passing on to your kids? Oh, absolutely. Yeah. I mean, I think it's you know, under the entrepreneurship thing, it's all about finding a problem and building the solution for the problem. And I think it has they had this kind of mentality about being having agency and solving problems and not just sitting down and complaining and victimizing and hope that somebody else is going to solve it for you. You went to school in the US. That's right. I Yeah, I I looked I started reading a lot about computers and technology when I was growing up. I was growing up in Costa Rica. My my parents moved to Colombia in the early '90s. And I got enamored about Silicon Valley and technology, what entrepreneurs were doing over there, and and had the good fortune of being able to make it to Stanford and and and I wanted to start a business there, but it nothing really showed up. And I ended up taking the finance route and doing some finance for a few years in in in New York. Yeah. Well, it wasn't it wasn't you know, particularly bad the kind of stuff you were doing. I mean, you were working at Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, you know, General Atlantic and Sequoia. It doesn't get much better. So when did you decide to leave all these incredible places to uh to to start up Nubank? What How How did it come about? Yeah, I mean, they were phenomenal places, but I found myself that in every meeting I had with an entrepreneur, be it first as a banker or then as a private invest private equity investor, I secretly envied the person on the other side of the table. I I I just found that what they were doing was so much cooler, actually building the company and hiring and growing and expanding and and I found myself to be in a position where I was supposed to give them advice as as a venture capital investor, but I have no idea what I was doing. I had no operating experience. I had no operating background, and it felt a little bit like a farce. It's like, what do what do What give me the the the the credit of telling this entrepreneur what they should do with their business if I've never had that experience. And and I kept connecting that back to the family environment of of being in the entrepreneur and putting the entrepreneur in the center of the action. And so initially when I left GA to go back to business school, I was I was expecting to use the business school vacation to figure out what business idea I was going to focus on. But that's when Sequoia called me and said, "No, come back. Help us figure out if we want to open an office in Brazil." And I started I did that for 2 years, flying back and forth, and eventually they decided that they didn't want to open an office to invest. And for me, that was the moment where I said, "Okay, fine. I have to stop delaying the the the building a business." And that was the moment. A lot of a number of different things kind of aligned with each other to decide ultimately to let's go and and pursue this idea. So what's the first thing you do? So you you decide, "Okay, now I'm just going to go for it. I'm going to start a bank." What do you What do you do? Who do you Who do you call? What do you think? What do you just What kind of stuff do you have to do? Yeah. So I I I So I had spent a lot of time looking at financial services as an investor, and I had realized how amazing how interesting and and attractive this industry was from a business model perspective. When you look at Brazil, Mexico, Colombia, and frankly, almost all countries, the biggest companies are banks, especially especially countries that don't have technology large technology companies now, as you would look at the US. But in Brazil, the five biggest companies were banks, in Mexico the same. But you look at Africa, you look at emerging markets, it's always banks having significant market cap. And then you look at the market structure, and you just realize that four or five banks generally have 80 to 85% market share. And so it's an oligopoly that then generally always means bad products, lower quality uh products and services for consumers, lack of access, very high interest rate, very high fees, and a significant percentage of the population left out. &gt;&gt; So without offending the Brazilian banks too much, how bad were they? They're pretty bad. It does it all. I mean, they were I remember we looked at this list of the top 10 most hated companies in Brazil, and the top five were banks, and the second five were telecom companies. Right. Now, that's not the case. I think we like to think that because of the significant competition we brought to the market, now banks are actually very well placed in that list. Um and and that has been an enormous impact that we've been able to create through bringing more competition. But at that time, it was an oligopoly that hadn't really seen competition for a very long time. It's a very attractive industry. And then there was a why now question, which is this digitalization of the economy, smartphone penetration was beginning to boom, and that enabled the possibility of imagining competing with the big banks fully digitally. And then I had a a personal experience at that time. As I As I said, I'm Colombian, I'm not Brazilian. I had moved to Brazil. I went to a bank to open a bank account, and it was the most painful experience I've I've could possibly imagine. It was super frustrating. An hour and a half sitting in the banking branch. I was escorted out because I had my laptop in my in my backpack. A lot of different fees. It took me about 5 months at the end to open a simple bank account and a credit card that charged 1,200% interest rates. It's interesting when you go into a banking building. You know, the banks are the bank buildings are constructed so that you feel intimidated, that you feel small, and they feel powerful, right? That's That's That's exactly right. I mean, we we concluded that entire experience. I always described it as as almost going to jail. Like literally because you you were going to these banking branches, the first thing you would see is you see several security armed guards looking at you. You had to go through a bulletproof door that had a an alarm if you had any metal. You had to grab your backpack and leave it in a locker outside the branch, then wait for hours to get a to get service from somebody that would just throw stuff at you. They they were not there to serve you. They were there You almost you had to ask for a favor to get a service. And so the entire experience seemed like you were taking hostage. You were a prisoner in this entire environment. And so from a consumer perspective, it made a really interesting opportunity to reinvent, and that was the that was the opportunity. How old How old were you when you were launching this? I was 32. Okay, so here you go. You are Here this guy comes along, launches this purple credit card, right? 32 years old, taking on the big banks. So what what did they think about you? Yeah, so I I didn't finalize actually your question. The first thing I did was once all of these kind of when I was excited about the idea, I was starting talking to about the experts and the industry experts, right? So here it is, a Colombian in Brazil walking around talking to the former president and CEOs of banks. And it was amazing to hear that out of maybe 30 conversations I had with former consultants and experts, the the entire consensus was this was not doable. It was impossible. You have no idea what you're doing about here in Brazil. You cannot compete with these big banks. The regulators won't let you. You won't get licenses. These are the most powerful families in Brazil that you're trying to compete with. Like all these arguments about why this was impossible to do. But ultimately, I went back to the experience, and it was like, how can consumers be accepting this experience? And then I went one by one trying to refute those arguments, including for example, regulation. I went to the regulator and asked, "Why are Can we get licenses to compete with these big banks?" And the response was, "Yes, we want more competition, and it would be great to see more people competing in this market." &gt;&gt; Did the big banks try to crush you? Well, I I I We sometimes we summarize the entire kind of the entire evolution of of the past 12 years for us as apparently Gandhi used to say. There is in in the internet a phrase for apparently from him. He says, "First, they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, and then you win." And we've seen that evolution. First, we were completely ignored. Uh they had no idea that we existed, and we tried to kept it very quiet. We did not want to make a lot of noise. We launched our purple credit card, consumer obsessed, fully in the smartphone, and we started growing virally like crazy, trying to keep it very very no marketing, all word of mouth. Then some of them started to wake up, and then they started laughing. They said, "Well, it's impossible. You don't have branches. People are never going to trust a new brand. People are not going to give you any savings, and you need funding. You're going to your credit models are don't have any data, so you're going to blow up. They laugh and laugh and laugh and ridicule for a very long time. And I would say over the past couple of years now they're fighting, and we're definitely in the fighting zone. We're now competing, and and it's it's a very fair competition, right? It's competition for whoever offers the best product for consumers, so we are we like that. Did you ever fear for your life? No, no, it never got to that point. Why this purple card, right? I mean, I've seen many colors I've seen many credit cards, but uh you know, black and platinum and all that kind of stuff, but purple is a bit different, right? And that was that was exactly the idea. When we were in 2013 and we looked at all the banks' offerings, which by the way we're obviously we're banking branch, they all looked exactly the same. It was the typical completely red ocean commoditized market. All cards looked the same, all branches looked the same, all communication looked the same, all products looked the same. There was no differentiation, and so I think what we wanted to do was to break that commoditization by creating a completely new experience. And the question we asked ourselves on the branding side was "What is the most anti-bank color we can possibly come up with?" And that was purple. When we start when we showed a couple of people the purple color, it created uh very passionate responses. Some were positive, some were extremely negative. There was a "You never That that color Banking is all about trust and brand building and and legacy and and been around for centuries, and you guys bring this modern color that that is very different than the red or the blue." Uh but we wanted to create that emotion. We wanted to create some passion, and and um and so from that perspective we we launched it, and it has become a very very good decision as we as we positioned this color and this branding as a very anti-bank. In fact, when you look at our our logo is is newbank, no is symmetrical. The trick we always had is you would flip it around, and it says "unbank". And I think from a from um we do offer products and financial products and services, but then everything else we do it we do it differently. We think of ourselves as a technology company, not a bank. We're a very horizontal organization. We're not a hierarchical. We don't use any titles. We are move very agile. We really are from a number of different dimensions we are the anti-bank as as we've executed this business plan. But it's pretty incredible that an anti-bank manages to get 60% of the adult population in Brazil as customers. I mean, it's just like incredible. How is it possible to go from zero to 60% of a country? Yeah, I mean, I think and what's what's amazing is is it was all word of mouth, driven very driven. Our customer acquisition cost has been two, three dollars over 12 years getting to 120 million customers. I think ultimately what what we were able to do is we found a clear consumer pain. We were able to identify that consumers were readier than everybody expected to embrace a new products and services. The fact that it was fully digitally in the moment that the entire economy was digitalizing, that every consumer was getting a smartphone in their hand helped a lot, so we got the timing just right of of of this of of riding the entire wave towards smartphone penetration. And we were able to create a product that really talked to consumers, used the right language, communicated almost like a friend, like the best friend of our consumer versus the experience that banks had of of prisoners. And the fact that we had a fully digital business model meant we don't need to charge all those fees. Our cost structure is 20x more efficient than banks, so we don't charge all those fees. We charge no fees. We have lower interest rates. So ultimately it's a it's a better it's a superior value proposition for consumers. And at some stage you uh there was a shortage, right? So not everybody could join. Is that right? That's right. Since we one of the key decisions we made uh was the starting with credit first. When you look at digital banks around the world, a lot of start start-ups and digital banks have also seen this opportunity of digitalizing financial services, but one of the things that we did differently was starting with credit first. And and and that was a key decision because on one end it's a riskier decision. You need funding, which as a start-up was really really hard to get to. And you need to get your credit models right. If you get them wrong, if you miss, you're dead. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. You won't get a second chance. Investor will be not forgiving if you if you get it wrong, so but the pros of that strategy is this is the this is the hardest thing to get right, and this is 70% of the profit pool of financial services, and this is where the biggest pain points sit with with consumers. They ultimately want credit, and a lot of people don't want to provide credit. But one of the things we realized is as we launched the credit card, the first credit card with no fees, there was so much demand we could not approve everybody. And so we created the concept of a waiting list. And instead of telling people no, you cannot have the card, we said, "We don't know yet. We don't have Our models are not mature enough. Give us a couple of Give us a little bit of time, and if you get invited by your friends, you'll get priority." And we started using that data of invitation as one of the most important variables in our credit model, and that ultimately enabled what was a scarce product to become even scarcer because people were in a waiting list, and they wanted it more. It's a bit of a nightclub strategy, this, no? Exactly. People want to go to whatever place has the biggest waiting list, and we had over a million people in the waiting list for a very long time. &gt;&gt; Well, that's uh that that's incredible. Now, our um our mutual friend Mal Gaonkar, um who's an extremely accomplished investor, uh said I need to spend some time to talk to you about net promoter score because you are supposedly just totally obsessed about it. So, uh David, just first, what is a what is net promoter score, and why is it important? Yeah, it's a it's a metric we've always used and now a lot of consumer companies use to measure uh the probability that somebody will recommend your product. And so it's a metric that has a lot of correlation and causation with viral growth. It's very clear Obviously, if people really like a product and they recommend it to their friends, then you will be able to grow virally. You'll create this this kind of recommendation engine that has been very &gt;&gt; So you you basically ask people, do you you uh uh you know, would you recommend this product? And then you take the people who want to and subtract the people who don't want to. And then you get a number, right? Yeah, from 1 to 10, what is the likelihood that you would recommend this product? And you get the promoters, and then you subtract the detractors, the ones that would never would not recommend this product. And what number did you have? And so when we launched, we had an NPS of 90. This is 100. This was one of the highest NPS of any consumer products that we've ever seen. Um once in a meeting somebody told me that Tesla had a higher NPS than our purple credit card, and I was really bumped until we launched our credit card in Mexico, and then that had an NPS of 94. So our credit card in Mexico had the highest NPS of any consumer product in the world of any category. It's crazy to think about that a credit card can have a higher NPS than a Tesla or than an iPhone, but that just tells you that the level of consumer pain these consumers were in and the ability to create a product that truly matches the needs of these consumers. But I also heard that for instance you apologized to your customers because you had overcharged them. That's a that's a great story, yeah. I mean, we um Well, it's true, no? It's true. It it is true. And and it it's a story that we that we tell our employees or tell our friends. Our number one mission as a company, our number one culture value is we want customers to love us fanatically. We think that in the long run consumer love is correlated with with value of the company, with financial returns. In the short term that might not be correlated, but in the long run those two things go in in the same direction. And the story you're mentioning is one day uh there was a bug in our system, and we stopped reminding customers to pay on time, and so they overpaid a couple of days of late interest. And it was very simple for our team to know what was what we needed to do. We had to put back those emails reminding customers to pay on time, but then also go back to the customers that had that we had forgotten to remind them, give them their money back, and apologize for not having reminded them to pay on time. And and if you think about it, well, then yeah, we're making less money in the short term, and that's true. But in the long run, what is the value as a customer if somebody proactively tells you, "Sorry, we didn't remind you several times to pay on time, and here's your money back" without you even noticing it. That's That's ultimately the bet of the company that we think that those type of experiences will drive long-term value creation and loyalty with consumers for a very long time. What kind of responsibility do you think a bank has towards the society where it operates? I think it has huge responsibility. I mean, financial services is one of those core services that anybody in any society, in any country needs to have access to to be able to operate and form part of our of of of the economic life, right? If you don't have a on have a bank account, in most countries you are completely marginalized. If you don't have access to credit, your potential for value creation or or to start your own business or to start your job, you get significantly handicapped. Or if you cannot invest in in in a in in in good products, you're not going to your opportunity to create wealth for a very period of time is going to be really hindered. So we think it's it's a critical value in society, and if we can bring more competition to the banking markets and more efficiency through our business model and give more access, we think there's huge societal impact as as we do the job that we we do every day. Okay, so now you have the purple card, you've conquered uh Brazil with the card. What do you do then? So, just how do you think How do you think about more products, more geographies? Just what's going on through your mind there? Right. So, the angle was always to build a a a fully digital bank. It was not a digital credit card. The issue though is we had to create this tactical plan where we would launch credit card, we would figure out how to fund that credit card growth, and in parallel try to get a banking license. Getting a banking license was very hard in Brazil. It took us over 4 years to get one. Just to give you one data point of how protected this market was, Brazil is only one of the few countries in the world where it's in the constitution of the country that foreigners cannot invest in banks. So, it required a special presidential exception to get a foreign to have a bank. And and that happened. Obviously, there were some foreign banks operating in Brazil, but for us as a startup, it took us 4 years to navigate the entire political environment to ultimately get to get that presidential decree, get the banking license, and then launch a savings product. And our savings product was very simple. We paid 100% yield to any consumer deposit. And we gave real-time free payments uh transfers between accounts. It was amazing how that again that simple design created a huge viral growth in the market and allowed us to go from something like 50 million customers at that point to 60, 70, 80 million customers um in about 2 3 years, becoming today the largest bank account in in in the country and the largest primary bank account. So, once we have savings and credit, then we've been growing in two vectors. The first one has been more products. We've launched consumer loans, an investments platform, crypto, insurance, and now we're uh expanding also to small businesses. And the second vector has been internationalizing to Mexico and Colombia. And for now, we're very focused on these three countries. Uh this is a model that requires a lot of focus and requires to go very, very deep in the countries that we operate with licenses, with credit. So, When should a company expand into a new country? We had a a a checklist of things that needed to be true to expand. Uh this is This is again, I think there are some financial services product that are easily internationalizable. They require little localization, but doing banking with banking licenses and credit requires a huge amount of localization. So, for us, uh it required first to be profitable in our core market. We had to be profitable and and and demonstrate to investors that we could generate earnings in Brazil. Second, have the banking license, which meant having the right funding to continue growing our credit book. And third, um do we being able to do it in a way where our credit and our platform allowed us to launch a new country without a without needing to dedicate half of our entire head count. So, you could effectively make it as a as a as a as a call option on a new market versus investing the house on winning the new market. How different are these markets to operate in? There's There are some significant differences. Um so, for example, Mexico as we launched Mexico and to and similarly Colombia, Colombia was similar to Mexico, the story in Brazil was there was a big banking population and we were able to offer a product that was lower cost to the bank customers, and then there was a smaller unbanked population. When you look at Mexico and Colombia, credit penetration or credit card penetration is 12%. So, 88% of the entire market is doesn't have access to credit, and cash is very much still avail- available and it's a lot of informal economy. So, in markets like Mexico, we have to go a little bit slower in in creating a a payment infrastructure and building the our credit models that will allow us to increase the size of the pie, the size of the credit pie. Brazil was a very different story, but there's some there are generally some commonalities though of the business model. At the end of the day, our competitors are cash and the big incumbent banks that are operating in branches. And once we compete with no branches, we have this cost structure advantage that allows us to give lower products, better products at lower cost. And those first principles apply to all of these markets that we operate. So, some commonalities, some differences. When will you enter the US? We're not there yet, and we're still trying to figure out what comes out out of these three markets. But uh but certainly over next 5 10 years, we want to expand beyond these three markets, beyond Latin America. And it's And it's a This is a really big market. It's the biggest market in the world. It's very competitive. So, you would have to figure out exactly what is what it what would be the edge, what would be the entry path. But uh we're in the process of figuring out that internationalization strategy. So, what would be your edge? I mean, how how much better service can you offer? So, that depends. Uh we are we're figuring out what are the what are the niches that have that consumer pain, and if those exist in the US or other countries. Not fully ready yet to talk about our internationalization strategy beyond the three countries that we operate, but uh but yeah, uh we we we we think over a 10-year horizon, this is a model that should internationalize and should have uh should be the opposite or should be the alternative to traditional banking markets. But how much fun? It is. How big is Nubank in 20 years? Woah. You know, I think it's it's 10 to 100x the size that we have right now. Financial services is the biggest segment of the world economy today. It's over $8 trillion of profit. And still 99% is still dominated by banks with Even though there's been huge amount of progress in technology and there is crypto and there is stable coins and everybody talk about these technologies, most banking today is still done in banks that are using physical cash and banking branches. And you still have 3 billion people outside the banking system in emerging markets. You still have 3 4 billion people that are completely left out of the banking market. They don't have access to credit. They're not investing. They're not buying crypto products. They're not even in the formal economy. So, this is This is today the early, early, early minutes of of the game. And the bet is that in 20 years, this entire market will digitalize and there'll be digitally native technology companies dominating a lot of these markets. And we think we are extremely well positioned to to take a very significant percentage of this of this market. You mentioned that you were 20 times more efficient. And of course, when you when you started up, you didn't have any of these really expensive legacy systems which you know, big banks have. Uh but um 10 years from now, isn't your system going to look a bit old-fashioned? Or how do you just how do you how do you work on this? Yeah, I mean, I think there are two sides of the the efficiency. The first one is is the distribution model. It's the the fact that we're fully digitally from day one. Even digital banks today or or or traditional banks that have digitalized, some of our competitors in Brazil, for example, they have digitalized a lot, but they have 100 million customers with 100,000 employees. We have 100 million customers with 6,000 employees. So, there is the cost structure advantage and that's the efficiency side. And then there's a technology point that you mentioned. Um given we are cloud-native and all our products and services are fully in the cloud, yes, of course, there'll be a number of different systems that need to be re-architected and rescaled. Right now, we're in the middle of that as we're becoming internationally and ready to go to more countries. But it's just much easier to continually be updating your own tech stack when you're fully in the cloud versus when you have to spend 5 to 10 years to put your entire core banking system in the cloud, which is what most banks more traditional banks from the world are still trying to do. So, um But when you look at your your tech uh stack, what what opportunities uh when it comes to AI are you the most excited about? So, the one that I'm the most excited about is probably the one least talked about, which is the way financial services is going to be reimagined in in a in in the AI world. Cuz the way I think about it is mobile and the internet solved almost all banking inclusion, at least for banking services or payments. Almost the entire population today of the world has access to a payment wallet. Um but that doesn't mean that they've solved banking for the 99% of the world population. They still don't have access to credit. They still don't have access to true financial advice. So, the way we think about it is if mobile put a bank in everybody's pocket, AI is going to put a bank and a banker in everybody's pockets. You're going to be able to have the most sophisticated financial expert hand-holding the hand of every single person on Earth. And if you think about what that means in terms of optimizing people's wealth, of allowing people to invest in the right products, to be financially sophisticated, of making banks compete to give the lowest cost loan, of providing advice on whether you should you buy insurance or not, there is so much wealth to be created for very significant percentage of the population that I get very excited about that potential for AI. So, uh that's on the user interface side and still a few years away, I I believe. And then there's obviously some of the old applications that most companies talk about. Part of that is going to be uh customer service, but also significant uh opportunities around improving credit models as you use neural networks in using credit underwriting, fraud applications, collections applications, uh optimization of capital, optimization of KYC, AML. So, effectively, every single thing that a bank does can be optimized through AI. And uh that can become a core part of of the entire bank in the cloud. How worried are you about some um big tech companies, Google, Apple, and so on, um about them entering the financial services? I think this is an area where uh they will likely enter at the end if they ever do. And if they do, they will be just be trying to possibly grab some payments, uh profit pools, uh or more of a marketplace environment. But this is such a regulated environment, uh and you've seen it we've seen it over the past 10 years when a lot of the big techs have tried to get a little bit in into India, they've tried to got a little bit into the US, a little bit in Brazil. They never really went all in because the moment they went all in and they need to get a banking license, they get incredibly regulated. You even see it with Apple as they launched Apple Card in the US where they just relied on banks as partners. So, I I I think they'll play somehow, they will want to be uh uh activated. It is very possible the new AI the new bank AI agent will be in Gemini or will be in ChatGPT and you'll be able to buy um you know, your travel ticket using a credit loan enabled by our AI agent inside one of these big platforms, but I don't see them I don't see them giving credit. I don't see them grabbing savings of a customer. That's There's a line here that I think they will they might not cross. Moving on to uh just leadership and um just how that has evolved. Uh when you started, you were a founder and an SEO, now you are uh a CEO of a very big company. Just how um how have you developed as a leader? Uh it's been a long run about learning how to figure it out. I think the the the leadership aspect of the founder was easier. I think the founder sets up a vision and motivates the team to pursue that vision and that continues irrespective of the size of the company. So, there sort of the leadership task to be done as a founder is I would say is much clearer. What I personally have found harder is what the CEO does and the difference between the founder and the CEO. What What does the managing come in? I I find that that become going from a founder to a CEO of a large company, it's a harder transition to be made. What's hard about it? What's the difficult thing here? I think I think for a long time I thought that what that meant was I had to become a better manager. It was the management capabilities. It was doing the one-on-ones. It was the coaching aspect of being a CEO. And it doesn't A lot of the times I don't think that come naturally to a founder because I think the founder by by default is less patient, is more action-oriented, they want things now, they uh they don't want to create necessarily processes and sometimes the company certain processes. And so, um it almost required creating a number of new uh skill sets. And I think for a while for a few years we tried to create all of those skill sets, we brought more professional managers into the organization, and we tried to uh instill the practices of bigger companies. But I actually realized over the past year that if you instill the practices of bigger company, you become a bigger company. And that's actually not what you want. You want to maintain the sense of urgency, the perhaps impatience, the the the the the kind of the action the bias for action of the startup, but then you also want to be integrated with certain light processes and with very strong people that allows you to execute a larger organization. So, today I I I don't think the answer is you need to become a very big manager of a large organization. I think the answer is more about you need to do a little managing, but ultimately leading with a vision and bringing a great team and maintaining an organization structure that is very horizontal and very agile is is is the is the is the highest priority um the highest priority action to maintain the company young and inactive. Why have you been a successful founder? Uh I think it's um I think I have the vision. I I I can I can I can you know, I I I can articulate where we want to go and the opportunity we have as an organization, but I think I've been able to also bring phenomenal people around me that fill a lot of the gaps that I have from my experience. So, I said I was an immigrant, Colombian immigrant in Brazil that never worked for a bank, that never did a credit card, that never necessarily was a technologist, that built a technology company in Brazil with banking. And And to be able to do that, it required the ability to bring a lot of great people that had that skill sets and create an environment where they all could do the best job of their lives. And I think I've been able to do that effectively. Uh I think the last thing I'll say is just actively realizing that you make a lot of mistakes, that I make a lot of mistakes, and having the humility to recognize that uh we don't have all the answers, that I'll make mistakes, but we'll learn from them, and sharing that with the team so that we create an environment in the organization where we can take risk, we can make mistakes, where there is is this as low ego as as we can possibly have and there is a there is a lot of learning across the entire organization. What are the biggest mistakes you made? Uh uh I think generally has been related to building the team. One of the maybe the hardest thing I found as we've scaled over the past 12 years has been realizing that the the number one job I have as the CEO is figuring out if everybody around me in that team is the right person given the challenges of the organization. And one day I look around and I have an kind of conclusion that yes, I have everybody everybody here is the right setup. But when you are doubling or tripling or quadrupling in size every 6 months, 6 months after you look around the room and that's not true anymore. And because companies grow exponentially and we humans grow linearly. And so, at some point the exponential complexity is above our human capacity to learn. And that means bringing new talent into the organization. Bringing that talent consistently and having that bar has been I think the hardest thing to do and and making the right assessment around the right people in the team has been the hardest and where I perhaps have made too slow of a decision of making a change or not made the right hire or not made the right um uh the right setup in terms of the team. It's a bit of a an apprenticeship uh business, you know, being a venture capitalist, I I think. And um you you trained at uh at Sequoia. What did you learn there? I I think I learned um and I think that the the ultimately were lessons that took me as an entrepreneur and as an investor. Right? The first thing I learned is that I I I did not want to be an the investor. I wanted to be an entrepreneur because I really wanted to be in in the arena building it with my own hands and and I and I and I found that it was too easy for the investor to provide that advice. But beyond that, I think there were a couple of key questions from an investor angle that are very important for the entrepreneur angle. The first question was, is this an attractive and big market to disrupt? The investor has to make that question that has to answer that question. The entrepreneur has to answer that question because as an entrepreneur you're investing you're going all in. You're not just writing a small check out of a portfolio. You are completely concentrated. There is no diversification. And not only you're investing your money, you're investing your time, the the scarcest resource you can possibly have. It is your time and your energy and your focus. And so, the the entrepreneur's investment decision is the ultimate investment decision. And once you make it, you might be doing this for 10, 20 years. So, um so so finding a an attractive large market was a key question. Um is this the right team and what does it require to be able to execute this strategy? That's something that the investor has to be answering actively and the entrepreneur has to be answering actively. Uh obviously then there is a number of questions around the financial model, unit economics, uh ability to win, moat that the investor has to answer and the entrepreneur has to be actually answering. So, I find that there is a lot of similarities in some of the questions that the investor has to be asking and the entrepreneur has to be asking continuously. What's the corporate culture at Nubank now? What is it like? I think it's a it's a culture that is still very much energized by by the by the purpose that we have as an organization, by the mission that we have about uh bringing this financial inclusion and financial competition to the next hundreds of millions of customers around the world. We are very energized by by what this means in terms of disruption possibility, uh the fact that it's still not visible for most investors how this very big market is about to change and we can be one of those catalysts for that change globally. So, it's a it's a it's a company culture that is very driven by that mission um of people that are that are great team players, that love to work with people that are very different from them, that are all about the team winning, it's not about individual success, but it's about team success. Uh it's very horizontally net in nature, very agile. It's a culture there where we truly try to create an environment of intellectual honesty and debate where we love different people uh bringing different ideas and and having these clash of ideas where the best idea wins irrespective of the title or of the ego or how long I've been here or where I've been an engineer or an analyst. Uh we we we we try to ultimately uh create this this diversity of point of views and let the let that uh operate. It's a culture of a lot of frugality. We are we like to be very efficient with the resources that we have, be it people, energy, focus. We like to try to do few things, but do them very very well versus being spread too thin across doing a number of different countries and a number of different things. Um and um and I would say at the end it's uh it's a people that work like to work really hard and that bring their their you know that their their entire lot of energy into the organization and and like to be all in, like to be part of this big big mission. So, these are all uh uh great things and uh often part of a young small company startup, but these are difficult values to keep over time, right? So, how do you do that? Yeah, you're you're you're totally right. I always tell the story that the best interview filter for these values was our first office, which was this very crappy house in Brazil in São Paulo where people would ring the bell and they would see this house and two there were two possible responses. One would be the the nice person with their nice suit and tie and they would look at this house and they would say these guys are crazy. What do you mean you're competing with the biggest banks in Brazil? I'm out of here. And then there's a second type of people that would come in and they would sit on the floor and they would see this dog coming around and we would tell them the mission that we had and they would say I love it. I mean, I'm here on Monday. So, that that experience, that interview was a filter for the right type of DNA. But you don't have that filter anymore because you got a nice headquarter or you haven't got any dogs running around biting them. You you got it. We still have the dogs, but we have a nice headquarter. We now have a brand where a public company. So, it's harder. It's harder to filter for that DNA. And so, how do we do it? Uh we first there's an interview process where we try to assess uh finding the the what we call the missionaries, not the mercenaries. We try to look for people that see themselves as that have a high amount of agency, that are problem solvers, which means they are attracted by the mission. They're not necessarily attracted by the paycheck. That doesn't mean that we pay well. We we think people should we should pay enough so that compensation is not an issue on the table and then people can focus fully on the on the on the mission. But they're not necessarily we're not the highest pool. They're not attracted necessarily by those monetary rewards. They're attracted by the the the missions, the purpose and being and working with great uh people. Once they pass that um the recruiting process we spend a lot of time talking about these cultural values. One thing that I continue to do that I've done every single month since April 2023 2013 when we started the business over 12 years is I do a culture presentation for 100% of the people that begin at Nubank where I talked about our cultural values and this is something that I don't delegate. It's a way for us to live the values as I spend the time discussing with people what they really mean and and and try to answer all the questions. And then we do our performance management very much aligned to people showing these cultural values. Um and so perform &gt;&gt; If you were to in three words, what would these cultural values be? I think it's this consumer obsession. It's people that are truly putting customer first and that creating products for consumer obsession. Is that we're owners, not renters. It's this point about having high agency and and not just blaming and having this victim mentality. We're smart efficient. So, it's people that show that they can create product and value efficiently. We have to be efficient so that we can pass that efficiency to our end customer by charging less and less and less. So, we have to be frugal. That's that's the frugality aspect I mean. We build strong and diverse teams. This is that value that I was uh referring to of we like bringing diverse people that come from diverse backgrounds and they can work in teams and debate uh actively. We're hungry and challenge the status quo. There's this vision around we bring people that have high ambitions uh and they are uh they like to challenge that internal and a status quo and external status quo as we build new products. What keeps you going? I think it's this purpose. Uh um it um it's been exciting to build the story for 12 years. Uh but I think the challenge of now taking this to more countries is going to be really exciting. For me personally, the fact that there's so few maybe really very few Latin American companies or Brazilian companies playing at the world stage and that we have the opportunity to be one of the few ones ever gets me really exciting uh uh and the possibility to show that we can play at the at the at at a world class and and competing with some of these bigger companies around the world gets me very exciting and um and the innovation aspect of it is is this this question from financial inclusion advice and how we can use uh our product and our people and culture to reinvent an entire market. The the the the the the challenge and and difficulty of that it's it's something that gets me going every single day. Mhm. So, David, you said you had um sat around the the dinner table and your father said you had to go out and be an entrepreneur. I mean, you kind of over-delivered a bit on that one, no? Yeah, I mean, I think I'm I'm happy that my parents are now customers because for a very long time they couldn't really understand what I was doing. They didn't understand they're not in Brazil and and they were not able to understand what a bank without branches really meant. Now they're customer. Now they use their products. But yeah, I think they uh we've we've we've delivered that for now. That's good. How do you uh when do you wake up in the morning? I'm a very early bird. Uh I like waking up around 5:00. Uh I like exercising every morning and then I like a couple hours in the morning to have no meetings so I can really focus on on on on without distractions on some of the big questions that we have. Uh but it also means that I get really tired very early. I'm really bad at dinners. I go to bed very early. I'm in bed by 8:30 or 9:00. I really like to get those 8 hours of sleep. I don't I don't work well if I don't get 7 to 8 hours of sleep. And I have five kids. So, I I love spending time with them. I have breakfast with them every morning. I have dinner with them every night, put them to bed every night if I'm not traveling. That part of of of family and kids it's uh super important for me. Why is uh philanthropy important for you? Cuz you and you and Mariel have signed the Giving Pledge. Yeah, I mean we come from a region in the world uh me me from Colombia uh Mariel my wife from Peru where there is just a lot of poverty and a lot of people that don't have access to opportunities and we were very lucky. We we had we were lucky to get a lot of opportunities being an environment where our parents they were not necessarily rich parents, but they put us through a lot of hard work into good universities and and opened a lot of doors for us. And we've been able to create an a company that has enabled the creation of a lot of wealth and but when we look around we see still a lot of lack of people lacking a lot of opportunities. So, I think we um we feel almost like a moral duty to use a lot of that wealth to reinvest it back into society and giving people up the opportunities that we also had. We think that we're able to do that not only it's a good is there is some level of ethics or morality that is good for society, but we also think it's smart because we think that one of the biggest risks that societies such as ours have is that there is so much wealth inequality that if it it continues to go in this direction this society will become unsustainable. There will be a there will be a protest. There will be a revolution. And when we can work through the capitalist system in a system where the money that gets created gets reinvested back into society and enables other people to also create wealth, then it's a much more self-sustaining cycle versus a cycle that ends by massive accumulation. Both are capitalist system. We just think that the first capitalist system that enables rein- reinvestment of wealth from successful entrepreneurs will be a long-lasting uh better type of cycle. So, from a thinking more about society nature, we think that makes sense. And ultimately we also kind of have a sense that we're not going to take this wealth anywhere else. We're all going to die at some point. There's going to be an end. And we also don't necessarily think the right thing is to give all this wealth to to our kids. We want to love them a lot. We want to give them a lot of opportunities. But uh we want to also let them struggle and let them help them create their own life story and their own journey and and I think wealth can help a little bit, but then ultimately can also uh be a a detractor to that. So, And as an extension of that um what would be your advice to the young people listening to this? I mean, I think one of the things that made me really proud of this Giving Pledge and I I I always tell that is the day we announced as as we were signing the the the Giving Pledge the amount of emails that I got from entrepreneurs in Latin America saying one day I'm going to be also in that list was amazing because if you think about it in one vision of capitalism goal is to be in Forbes 500 in this new version of capitalism goal is to be in Giving Pledge. In one you accumulate, in the other one you accumulate, but then you give back. And so, uh I think this is kind of the beginning of seeing a new generation of entrepreneurs that are more tuned in with some of the needs of of of of this society, especially in emerging markets in Brazil again where there is so much such a such a lack of access. And um and and I think that would be my advice. And I think people are very motivated. I see a new generation that is that of course creating wealth is great. There's nothing wrong with that and and and allowing their families to to live a good life is great, but then also give that back and and create opportunities for other ones so that the that the that the the circle continues for a very long time. David, this has been uh tremendous. Uh big congratulations on on what you have achieved. It's uh just really outstanding and thanks for taking the time today. Nikolai, it's been a pleasure. Thank you so much for really great questions. Love the conversation. Mhm. &gt;&gt; Mhm.
