---
ticker: NU
type: youtube
title: "Nubank’s Junqueira on Disrupting the Banking Industry"
channel: "Bloomberg Live"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRjBt2tA8TA
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 20331
---

# Nubank’s Junqueira on Disrupting the Banking Industry

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Bloomberg Live
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRjBt2tA8TA

## 转录全文

Christina, thank you so much for joining us. Um, you're chief growth officer, so I was going to start um by asking about New Bank's next chapter. Last year, New Bank became the most valuable financial institution in Latin America. Um, and then you made some news yesterday um helping tea up this question about looking to expand just in time. Exactly. Um, about your planned expansion in the US. Can tell us what you see as the opportunity there? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. and thanks for having me Caroline and everyone here at Bloomberg. Um so yeah, yesterday we had some exciting news. We just filed with the OC um um our application for a federal bank charter in the US. Uh the US is a very interesting market, a huge market. Um my partner Davidid, our CEO, he um he likes to say that Texas alone has a larger GDP than Brazil. So obviously it's a huge opportunity. Florida is about to like surpass Brazil as well. Uh but this is of course like a long-term process. You know, regulatory u uh filings do take their time and it's a process that we take very seriously and one that we're determined to get ahead. Um so our priority continue to be to grow uh uh in Brazil in Mexican Columbia, there's still a lot to do even though we're serving over 123 million people. I think that's the last number from the last quarter. There's still a lot of room for growth. Uh even in Brazil where we're already serving over 60% of the adult population, there's still a lot of room for us to continue to deepen the relationship with the customers, grow revenue per customer, you know, like there's many product lines that were just scratching the surface. So, a lot of room for growth still. &gt;&gt; I want to come back to all those uh markets that you mentioned, but sticking with the US. Um I think you told me you just moved. Is that &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. I recently relocated to to the US. Well, it was was getting very hard for me to travel all over. I've been focused on our international expansion for a little over uh two years, maybe three years now. So I was overseeing Mexico and Colombia operations there, traveling very frequently. And being based out of Salo is very tricky. Now I'm based out of uh Miami. So that's a three and a half hour flight from Colombia, three-hour flight from from Mexico City, and of course positions me well to eventually oversee our US operation. &gt;&gt; So you're going to start building something there in Miami. Is that your plan? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So we already have um over 150 employees in the US uh because of certain acquisitions that we've made and also because of the talent pool that we were able to tap into. So we do have a lot of folks that work out of the US but servicing or or um Latin America operations. Um but it is the plan. Um I I'll be the CEO of our US federal charter bank. Um and I will be based full-time in the US and I'll be starting to focus more and more in preparing for that. So as you think about that, I mean, who is the customer in the United States for new bank? I mean, how are you defining that? We've seen a number of uh Brazilian banks expand also in, you know, Miami and elsewhere, but looking to serve sort of the Brazilian expat. Is that who you're going for or who how do you see &gt;&gt; bank evolving? &gt;&gt; Initially, it's it's pretty obvious that our early customers are going to be those, right? Like early adopters, if you think about the adoption curve, like early adopters are going to be the people that are going to be willing to take a risk, right? like willing to experiment with your product and those like it's only fair that those uh for us are going to be people familiar with the brand. So we do expect that quite a large share uh of our early customers are going to be people from Brazil, Mexico, Colombia. We know already that we have hundreds of thousands of customers uh of New Bank that are already like living and working out of the United States. uh we have over like four or five million customers downloading the app and making purchases regularly in the in the states um coming from again Brazil, Mexico, Columbus. So we do expect like a fair amount of customers to be those early on but frankly like the pain points that we serve if you think about you know our products are convenient, transparent, simple like without fees you know uh that serve that that uh daily banking needs that people have. Those are fairly common pain points, you know. Uh uh I I think that has a possibility of resonating even with a a much wider uh American audience beyond the the Latin America community. &gt;&gt; So you you mentioned, you know, a couple other markets where you have expanded outside of Brazil, Mexico, Colombia. Those are markets where you also have a banking license and you're going for one in the US, as you said. um what have you learned from that expansion and how applicable is sort of the new bank model to some of these other markets? &gt;&gt; Oh, for sure. So, uh we uh have been as you've mentioned uh approved for a bank license in Mexico. Uh the bank will actually uh kick off operations in 26. Uh so there's an approval and then there's like an implementation phase. So, we're going through that right now, but we do operate multiple financing licenses or or financially regulated licenses across all jurisdictions, including in Brazil. Uh, one of the key learnings is this is a multi-year process. You know, in Mexico, it's been a few years since we filed. I remember when we filed. Uh, and it's been a long process working with the regulators, which again is something that we take very seriously. We've always, I think unlike other fintech companies, we've always embraced regulation. We I I remember very early in Brazil like we we went to Brazilia to ask for a bank license and we ended up like going the route of getting a financing license then complementing with additional pieces on a regulatory framework. Uh but this there are other companies that have a strategy of more like evading regulate like trying to avoid being regulate. We were never that type of company. So it's it only uh fits that we would kick off you know uh uh the the country number four expansion with the regulatory process just to get ahead of that because we know this is can this can be a lengthy &gt;&gt; is it at the same time is it appealing that the you know the current administration in the US has a bit more of a sort of deregulatory posture than previous ones I mean in terms of the timing for why you'd go in now is that helpful or &gt;&gt; there could be for sure like our approach has always been to work with whatever regulatory even in Brazil like where we've seen a regulator that was very much like pro competition, very innovative. We we didn't necessarily benefit from uh a lot of the regulatory framework innovation. You know, we went through the same process as everyone else. We're regulated in the same uh way. So, uh if there is something uh on with the current administration that facilitates that process, great. But we're not necessarily relying on that. &gt;&gt; How do you think about profitability outside of Brazil? Obviously, you've been hugely successful at home. Um, some people might call that market mature. We'll get to that. Um, uh, but I mean, Mexico, Columbia, I think you're not yet profitable. And how do you see reaching that goal? &gt;&gt; Sure. We see it as a a natural step eventually, um, in the stage of maturity. Similarly to Brazil, it took us several years to break even. Not because we didn't have a profitable business model. Like from the beginning, we when we looked at unit economics, when we look at customers on a unit basis, we've always been booking. Same thing for Mexico, Columbia. Booking profitable customers. It's just when you're growing so fast, uh the unit curve like requires an investment in the beginning like with those customers whether those are uh bureau costs like data costs or printing and shipping the cards or even like a little bit of the C like we we don't invest a lot of money in marketing but you know there's a little bit there uh provisions right like for credit losses. So there's a lot of investment that we make. So when you're growing your customer base at a very fast pace that requires a big bulk of investments. So it uh profitability in Mexico is not something that we're worried about. It's it's going to be a natural conclusion of when we have actually a larger book or a larger portfolio. &gt;&gt; Is there like a timeline you have in mind in terms of when you want to achieve it or &gt;&gt; for Mexico? Uh they're further ahead than Colombia I guess like because they the the operation started uh sooner. I think we're serving already like 13 million customers. So even from a scale standpoint like we're closer I guess like than Colombia could be over the next couple years. Uh but we're one of the things that is important to note is like we're not actively chasing uh breaking even you know like we're chasing profitable growth. So as long as growth will continue to outpace uh the the margin that we're generating we're going to be good not reaching break even it's we're well capitalized. &gt;&gt; So how do you think about the potential for growth in the US? Do you have you know two years from now a number in mind in terms of customers or margins or how are you sort of targeting that? &gt;&gt; We're not quite ready to share that yet. Um uh we've done of course like a bunch of u um uh simulations because when we file with the OCC we need to present a business plan. Um so that's something that we're going to be discussing with the OCC. What I can say is we do expect a lot of our playbook uh to really be global because when you think about the cost advantage that we've built over time that should translate into the US market too right like we now have very robust uh tech platforms and and finance platforms that have scaled and and been deployed effectively safely compliantly across three markets right now. So we do expect that advantage to be deployed in the US and to also uh uh materialize as a cost advantage. We currently serve customers with less than a dollar in terms of cost per serve. So we do expect similarly uh to be able to serve customers very efficiently and our drive is going to be to scale that operation to pass on those efficiencies to customers in no fees you know lower rates like all those things that we've been doing for a while. So the even though there are adjustments at the margin for the spec specificities of the US market like we know there are 50 states some of them have like specific regulations that we're going to have to adapt our platforms to and that's what we're focused on right now but we do expect the model like everywhere in the world consumers will want no fees or lower fees or lower rates a more convenient experience like an app that works an experience that is beautiful and smooth and that's what we plan to offer. So, let's talk a bit about Brazil. Um, I mean, what's how do you see growing margins there? And obviously, you have quite a lot of customers already, but but how are you thinking about growth in that in your home market? &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. So, in Brazil, we're serving over 60% of the adult population, which is remarkable. Um, that's about a hund over 100 million cas. Um, so you look at that number, you think, well, you know, they're pretty much done. Um, but we we don't really think about that. uh we look into many other opportunities to continue to grow serving the adult population as well as uh we have been very successful so far serving uh a population of teens and twins. So we're already the largest financial institution with u um accounts for uh underage customers in a very safe way that allow parents to monitor their financial activity. We just earlier this week announced that we're going to be doing the very first version uh of a credit card for like six 16 year olds and 17 year olds. So that to really help them learn their way into using credit responsibly. So that's something that we expect will resonate u uh very well with customers and that's on the customer account growth. Uh but when you think about revenue growth, we're at about $12 per customer on a average revenue per customer on a monthly basis. Our competitors are running at around 40 something. So there's a lot of room for growth. I don't think we're going to get all the way to 40 because they do charge a lot of fees that we don't &gt;&gt; anti-fe. Yes, &gt;&gt; exactly. Uh but when you look at our older cohorts, um sometimes customers that have been with us for even a year, they're already in their 20s. So there's a lot of room for us to like almost double our revenue even with the current customer base only maturing. So we're very excited about the possibility. &gt;&gt; So what does that mean in terms of the evolution of the new bank customer? Is it is it a higher income customer over time or how do you see that um changing? &gt;&gt; So there are two components here. So one is just even um the average customer which um is the average Brazilian because when you serve 60% of the adult population have a subset of everyone. Um but that customer as they as they mature as we get to know them better we're better we're able to better underwrite them. We're uh we're able to increase their credit lines. We're able to offer more products to them. So think about somebody that started with the account and the debit card and suddenly we're able to give them a credit card and to grow that line over time and maybe underwrite them for personal loans or maybe they're saving with us. So the revenue just continues to grow. So that's one thing, but the other thing is of course like there's a high income uh segment that we intend to continue to grow our penetration. we already serve over 40% of the high-income uh adults in Brazil, but we've always been kind of like a secondary card, a secondary account, but now like we've been growing or or high- income brand called Ultravioleta Ultraviolet um that has a very beautiful like metal card that is dark. It's a black card and uh there are various very specific benefits. We're opening like we're opening VIP lounges or lounge in Guadal if I know you're flying to Brazil. Yes. I like I'll made it a point I'll make it a point to host you in our launch when you're down there. Like it's not I I fly all over the world. Uh I there's nothing like it, you know. There's nothing like the experience that we're offering our customers uh within the ultraviolet segment. And that's from brand experiences like the lounge uh or we have a a house in the ibra park in some uh but also from a product standpoint, right? like we're now offering them uh a lot of advantages on the credit card for international purchases for travel like very high uh um uh points per dollar use as well as cash back. So uh or whole ultraviolet offer has been uh has been developed to tailor to that segment and and growing very well. So it I mean you are expanding sort of yes on the higher end. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um how would you assess the health of the Brazilian consumer right now and and in terms of credit quality? I mean off and on there's obviously been concerns about how that would show up but I think your you know your underwriting has has surprised people to the upside. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's funny since we began the company there's you know always this kept us saying oh they're one credit cycle away like from you know getting we've been through a lot of credit cycles already like it's been 12 years so we've seen GDP contract like 7% in in a year or you know a low interest rates high very high interest rates. We're coming off of a very high interest rate cycle right now. So we have shown that we have the muscle to be resilient to credit uh uh cycles on the underwriting side. Uh we continue to build ways in which uh uh we help our customers navigate through that and even come out of that responsibly. Um so even u uh we we've had a program to uh uh reactivate customers that uh you know maybe uh defaulted on their lines and on their credit cards and have been shut down out of the credit. So I think over two million Brazilians have been reinstated into our customer base this year. uh on on such programs. So we continue uh to to monitor of course like in taking credit under writing very seriously but cautiously optimistic about our ability to continue to navigate whatever uh volatility comes our way and in Brazil as an economy continues to be surprisingly resilient like with the level of interest rates that we're seeing there's uh employment data that just came out like uh the the Brazilian uh central bank governor just commented on this earlier this week saying you know how surprisingly positive the data was. Sticking with Brazil, which has been in many ways the fintech capital of of Latin America. Um I wanted to ask you about Pix, which interestingly has, you know, seems to have uh sparked some wrath from uh President Trump. I mean, how um when Pix is the homegrown, you know, payment system run by the government. I mean, how um how key to kind of this ecosystem has that been? And so PICSS and instant payments in general we believe is it can can be a very powerful catalyst to many positive impacts into the economy and into the financial system. So, when you think about instant payments and we saw that movement first in Asia, right, like the QR code payments with the super apps and I remember being in China in um I don't know 2017 and feeling like I had traveled like into the future because you would see people like you know selling stuff on the street or even like you know homeless people like with the QR codes and and you know that was everywhere and that's the situation in Brazil today. So that has led to a lot of financial inclusion, a lot of people like being digitalized and brought into the system. Uh a lot of like dem uh uh a lot of uh payments being de democratized all over the board because now even uh informal sellers and and people that are like in the informal economy, they can uh facilitate payments in a way that is safe that doesn't expose them to using cash to potential tests. So there's a lot of positive benefits to this. I would love to see this happen increasingly more in other economies. Mexico and Colombia are still um a very cashoriented economy and that's something that we would love to see uh get digitalized over time. There so many benefits on reducing tax evasion even criminal activity when everything flows to the system like there's a lot more uh um um caution around you know how money flows into the system a lot more controls. So we we only see benefits. We now have uh HTTO Compos which is the former governor of the Brazilian Central Bank and somebody who frankly was kind of like the the the father of of PICS uh in our board and also as an executive with the team. And one of the things that he's excited about is working with governments all around the world to uh walk them through the thinking behind picks and the benefits that that could bring to economies. &gt;&gt; So last question quickly. Uh I mean obviously you're um you face an increasing amount of competition. And you've got Marcato Libé also making a push into Brazil. Uh Revolute uh making a push into Mexico. I mean, how do you see the the landscape for for fintech evolving over the next year? &gt;&gt; It has become more competitive and sophisticated for sure, which is great for consumers if they have more choice. But the way that we think about this, the vast majority of people are still being served, right? Mostly incumbent banks that are not as efficient as we are that sometimes are not even in the position of being able to serve them because their cost of service is so high like with the branches and the offline model. Uh most people are still paying very large fees. They're they have their money parked in account like earning zero. Uh so those are the problems that we're focused on solving and sure like there's more competition that's great. Customers have more choice but we're not seeing that impacting our growth so far. So we continue to focus on customers. &gt;&gt; Thank you so much Christina for joining us.
