---
ticker: NU
type: youtube
title: "Nu Holdings (NU): The Fintech Stock Everyone Is Watching in 2025! #nustock #nyse #nasdaq"
channel: "TRADING  NEWS"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvQtO8MaXZQ
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 5498
---

# Nu Holdings (NU): The Fintech Stock Everyone Is Watching in 2025! #nustock #nyse #nasdaq

## 视频信息
- **频道**: TRADING  NEWS
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvQtO8MaXZQ

## 转录全文

Hello guys, welcome back to my channel. I hope everyone has been enjoying this penny stock and OTC OTC craze where the stock are literally running every single day of the week. I hope every single one of you guys are panking. I have been getting tons tons of of comments here on YouTube in the discord guys. So I have too many stock even fit in this video but we will try to make it happen guys. There are my top of penny stock that I am watching right now. This is pretty much a complete watch list guy. These are penny stock that I think have the potential to run anywhere from 202 over 100%. Literally in the ne in the next week next week to two week. These are the these are the stocks stocks with a huge share cancellations. These stocks with a major acquisition coming up a major PR is dropping all kinds of goodies in today video. So if that sound interesting make sure and stay tuned for entire video. I also got a few bonuses stock for you here at the end. And and guys, make sure you are subscribed with the bell notification turned on. And let's get right in into this video. Have you guys been seeing the absolute madness happening in the market market lately? This stock railed thousand and thousand and thousand of percent over just just the last couple of days. We can actually see that uh this stock is up to uh 21,400% to 16 uh $1,600 since IP on owing u at $780 just two week ago in this stock actually hit a high of high of over $2,500 per share that is 30ome,000%. after uh after IPO just two weeks ago, people are comparing this to the GameStop mania of 2021 shout out to everyone that was able to catch that. Unfortunately, I did not see that one. I did not catch that one. But a stock that we did bank on just today. Well, yesterday into today was ticker symbol of PDNA shuttle to everyone that was able to be part of this. We actually called this dog uh yesterday morning and as as you can see just last night this stock railed over 100%. There it is over 100% overnight. So as you guys can see jumping into the discord here we talk about uh it on our live trading yesterday and then also match or lead runners analyzed and called it um out in the discord and said APD another possible balance play and as you can see about 12 hours later this stock was up over 100% in the pre-market which was an absolutely absolutely amazing return for one day. So, uh, so shout out to everyone that was able to be part of it. But getting into the list here, the first major stock on my list, sticker symbol NXMR guys, I think NXMR has a boatload of potential comp coming up here in the near future. It has already run uh run a good bit, but take a look. So they have a big share cancellation coming up at 270 million. Share cancellation coming up very soon here. Already a low float just 41 million. Many people getting very excited about what's to come with this dog. We can also see they put out a tweet here. There are about to cancel almost 2/3 of the entire outstanding shares. Say sales does not that instantly make each share worth three times more technically. Technically yes. Plus two major deals coming up here in the near future. Massively undervalued and near the bottom up list. coming up in near future audit coming up in the near future and also has 500% potential to just return to the year to date high. So, so NXMR although it's run uh run already has a ton of potential coming up in the near future. We can actually put this one on our watch list yesterday as you guys can see on the daily says and uh XMMR was on a here right here in the stock actually shot up a massive leadership uh leaders up 20% today which was a pretty good gain on the day. So just taking a look at a price of sales valuation market capital revenue we can see that this company is already about three times undervalued to even even have a one of 1 to1 ratio which you know still could be still could be undervalued right when you talk about a small stock like this and they are priced the sale valuation right now let's um let's take a little bit of a back here. So, we can see from I go here. Shut up to him and some great stuff that the posted tomorrow. And uh WSFT is going to become Q I N D. This is all eyelash and art here. So he saves for those who may not have grasped the implication here. This is a special purpose vehicles used by eyelash. We have uh covered this for this before in the previous previous video to ultimately acquire this $100 million on Quality International and other companies for art subsidiaries. in the view of its IPO on the NASDAQ right extremely bullish event. So tomorrow look out WSFT is going to become QID. This is under eyelash. So that uh uh so that is the update for I do have a few bonus stock that that I want to go over and at the end here. That's I'm not necessarily going to be able to to get a ton of information out on out. Uh I I do want them to still be on your watch list. So number one we have ify here this stocks as soon as they know it's down but uh not necessarily doing much not necessarily a quick catalyst play but many people including lots of lots of us in the discord are loading up this on the uh lows just because once his company start dropping PRS I do think they are going to have absolute massive potential. Then also we have ticker symbol K A T X here. This is another stock that uh people are loading up on the lows on that could still have massive potential coming. Then we have ticker symbol EJ A chair another big name
