---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: NET
title: "Cloudflare CEO on the rise of 'zero-click searches': It'll be much harder to be a content creator"
channel: "CNBC Television"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: WQf-eB2xSew
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQf-eB2xSew
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Cloudflare CEO on the rise of 'zero-click searches': It'll be much harder to be a content creator

**Channel**: CNBC Television  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQf-eB2xSew

## Transcript

guest says that zero click searches, where users are finding answers directly on search engines and AI summaries, are killing the internet's business model. Joe and I were actually talking about this earlier. Matthew Prince is here. He's the co-founder and CEO of Cloudflare. Good morning to you. It's long been described as the blue link economy. As in, you go on to Google, you put the search in, you get all the blue links, you click on one. And Google often makes money if you hit one of the sponsored ones. You think that that whole economy is effectively going to be going under here? Yeah. Andrew, I think that the economy is for sure changing the way that that's the best data that we have on this is, if you look back ten years ago, essentially for every two pages that Google would crawl, they would send CNBC anyone who was creating content, one visitor for that, the rate that Google crawls at hasn't changed. And yet, six months ago, the rate was now up to six pages scraped for every one visitor. And it's and it's accelerated that now it's actually 15 scrapes for every one visitor. And what's changing is not that fewer people are searching the internet. It's not that Google's scraping more, it's that more and more the answers to Google are being answered right on Google's page that I box at the top of Google is now absorbing that content that would have gone to the original content creators. And that's the good news for content creators. If you look at OpenAI six months ago, it was 250 scrapes to one visitor. If you look at it today, it's almost 1500 scrapes to one visitor. And what that means is that if you're making money through subscriptions, through advertising, any of the things that content creators are doing today, visitors aren't going to be seeing those ads. They're not going to be buying those subscriptions anymore. And that means it's going to be much, much harder for you to be a content creator. So, Matthew, one of the questions that I have is the economics of this shift when the user starts to pay. So, for example, I'm a subscriber now to ChatGPT. I think I'm a subscriber to Gemini, actually, I've got a subscription I believe also to anthropic, but I'm in an unusual and blessed place to be able to pay for these services longer term. How are the economics of these businesses going to work if there is no advertising, and if things are not being sent back to other people? Well, I think there may be advertising. The advertising might show up in the AI companies, but you're reading that derivative content. You're not reading the original content. Imagine that. You know, I went and said, I'm not going to watch CNBC anymore. I'm just going to ask ChatGPT, what are all the interesting things for me? Blasphemy. >> Don't even say it as an example. >> As an example. >> But that don't even say that. >> Okay, so but then the question but and by the way, you're right on as a content creator. And that's what we do for a living. There is a fundamental question about whether these services or others ultimately should be paying for some kind of access to this information. And then the question is, what does that business model look like, do you think, and is there is there any chance of a model ever even being created? Or are the tech companies like they have in the past, moving so quickly that there's really no opportunity? And by the time something gets settled in court ten years later, you know the horse is out of the barn. I think if the answer is court, then you're right. The horse will be out of the barn. But I think the answer can be actually technology. You can use services like Cloudflare. And this is what we're working with the largest content creators to do, to say you can't access my content if you're an AI crawler, unless you pay me for that content. And that's exactly what the future has to be. The fuel that runs these AI engines is original content, so that content has to get created in order for these AI engines to work. And if you look at the most thoughtful AI companies that are out there, they understand that they have to pay for content. Someone like OpenAI is actually done. Content deals with a lot of people, but they can't be the suckers. They can't be the only ones paying when their competitors aren't. So what content creators have to do is restrict access to content, create that scarcity, and say, you're not going to get my content unless you're actually getting paying me for creating that content. You know, some people have looked at those OpenAI deals and thought that that was just sort of a way station, sort of a, you know, something to sort of get over the hump. There is going to be a day where you might be able to remove the content creators completely. I know of a number of sort of I wouldn't call them news organizations, but sort of news organizations that think that they can sort of cobble together the news, if you will, from not even news news content creators, but maybe even and this is what I think Elon Musk, to some degree, thinks is possible to be able to create it off of something like an X. And what you think that means? Well, I think in that case, you know, so first of all, I actually am much more optimistic about the future of content creators. I think if content is just sort of randomly strung together, sort of quick hitting, headline first content, the stuff that has sort of driven a lot of the web over the last little bit, I think that is going away. But original content that is actually highly valuable is, I think, going to be more valuable in the future. I'll give you an example. I live a lot of the year in Park City, Utah. I'm a skier. I care enormously whether it's snowed more on the east side of the mountain or the west side of the mountain. If I'm going to go out skiing and I pay for a service, that's actually going to tell me that if I'm going to use an AI engine, I'm going to pay for the AI engine that actually has the exclusive access to that unique content. And for that content creator, that that weather forecaster that is there doing the hard work in order to generate that content. For someone like you who's doing really unique, you know, you're the hardest working guy in the financial press. Like that's the sort of thing where I think AI companies are going to value that content. They're going to be willing to do deals for that content, but it has to be something where there is exclusivity, where you don't do that for everyone that's
