---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: NET
title: "Is Cloudflare Stock an Undervalued AI Stock to Buy?"
channel: "Parkev Tatevosian, CFA"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: G7-KDt6aVCI
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7-KDt6aVCI
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Is Cloudflare Stock an Undervalued AI Stock to Buy?

**Channel**: Parkev Tatevosian, CFA  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7-KDt6aVCI

## Transcript

Cloudflare stock has held up relatively well here in 2026 as its AI based cloud services revenue has stayed away from the direct impacts of artificial intelligence and the negative impacts of that segment. Investors are asking me is cloud polarity stock a buy right now and I'm going to answer that question in this video. I want to thank the mly full for sponsoring this video. Visit full.com/parkev for the 10 best stocks to buy now. You can see the performance here of Cloudflare stock which is down by the way over 5% today but year to date it's only down 2%. It's been volatile to be sure but overall it's outperforming the market indices. Now one of the reasons why Cloudflare stock is fairing relatively well is because the company is still demonstrating excellent revenue growth. There are fewer and fewer companies right now that are generating roughly 30% revenue growth with improving cash flow and positive cash flow from operation. Cloudflare is one of those few businesses and it's done this for several consecutive years now. Between 2023 and 2025 it generated close to or above 30% revenue growth. To be more precise, in 2023 it generated 33% revenue growth. In 2024 it generated 28.8. In 2025, it slightly accelerated revenue growth to 29.8%. The analysts on Wall Street that are following the company expect near 30% revenue growth to continue. For 2026, they expect revenue growth of 29.2% with decelerating revenue growth in 2027 to 27.4%. And then in 2028, revenue growth accelerating again to 27.9%. So this revenue growth rate trajectory signals a few things. First of all, it doesn't demonstrate a clear downward trajectory. The analysts on Wall Street that are following the company do not expect this continuous deceleration in revenue growth. It's mixed, right? With revenue growth rates decelerating in one year, accelerating in another, which signals to me that this is not a company that's experiencing a steady downward trend. It can in theory reinvigorate revenue growth. Its services and the market match and it's demonstrating improved innovation in its product category. Now its revenue growth rates are impressive to be sure. Marketle leading in fact gaining market share in its industry. But to me what's more impressive is those revenue growth rates are leading to significantly improving profitability and cash flow and demonstrating economies and scale. One metric that demonstrates this is its cash flow from operations to sales ratio. This metric has improved to 27.8% up from negative 22.5% in 2018. Not only is this positive for investors because the company can self- sustain itself. Doesn't need to go back to investors and ask for more capital. It might, but it doesn't need to. And so this company can sustain its growth with cash flow that it's generating from the business and then opportunistically raise capital from investors if it sees a great opportunity to use that capital either to reinvest in the business or maybe to make an acquisition of a category. So this company Cloudflare is generating excellent revenue growth and excellent improvement in profitability and cash flow from operations. This makes this business a premium business and unfortunately for investors, it's no secret. The valuation reflects the fact that this is a premium business generating super premium growth and improving cash flow and profitability. It's [snorts] trading like a business that's a really good business. So, it's not a secret and it's not undervalued and it's not one of those situations where, oh, I found something that nobody knows about, right? It's not that situation. In fact, investors have been excited about this business. If we look at the forward price to earnings ratio, it's trading at a whopping 172. This is even more expensive than some of the most expensive stocks in the market, including Palunteer. On a forward price to operating cash flow, it's trading at 90. So, very expensive to be sure. But as you know, I like to look at valuation more comprehensively and I've developed a proprietary discounted cash flow valuation model that takes into account the estimated future cash flow of the business and discounts it to today using a weighted average cost of capital. And according to my valuation of this business, it should be worth around $52 a share, but instead it's trading for $193. So I get a consistent picture from both valuation methods that I'm utilizing. The market multiples method and the discounted cash flow valuation method both point to a business that's overvalued. This is a situation where it's an absolutely excellent business with great prospects, but the market is overvaluing those prospects. It's already incorporating all of those prospects into its valuation. And it could be for several reasons. One of which that you know there are relatively few businesses that are demonstrating this kind of growth with this level of cash flow and this level of improvement in an industry that's not ripe for disruption. And so the market is overvaluing these kinds of businesses right now because there are relatively few of them in the marketplace. Still, as an investor, I don't like to chase these kinds of situations. So, if you were to ask me if this is a buy, hold, or a sell, I would rate this business as a hold. And I updated that recommendation March 30th, 2026. Before I let you go, let me remind everyone and especially channel members that our monthly professor's office hours live Q&A session is scheduled for the first Monday of April. So, if you want to participate in that live Q&A where you can ask me questions about every topic, please make sure to mark that on your calendar if you're already a channel member. And if you're not a channel member, you should consider joining cuz I think it's a great value at less than $5 per month. Hey, thanks for watching. I truly respect every viewer who takes the time to seek qualified financial analysis. Unfortunately, there are a lot of unqualified voices online giving unsubstantiated stock advice. My goal is to provide research that's grounded in data and professional training, not just what's popular. For those new here, I hold a master's degree in financial economics. I'm a CFA charter holder, an author, and adject professor of finance and economics. I've spent nearly a decade researching stocks professionally, and I'm here to help you make informed investing decisions. If you found value in this analysis, make sure to subscribe and consider joining the channel as a member for early access and indepth membersonly content.
