---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: NET
title: "19X Potential? Better.com Stock Deep Dive"
channel: "How to Invest"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: IPXXVZGer64
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPXXVZGer64
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# 19X Potential? Better.com Stock Deep Dive

**Channel**: How to Invest  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPXXVZGer64

## Transcript

Hello and welcome to how to invest. In today's video, we're going to be talking about a new stock that we recently started researching called Better Home and Finance Holding Company or better.com. I'm really excited to be telling you guys about this company because we think the prospects for it is maybe one of the best in our entire spreadsheet at the moment. So, I'm going to get into it. I'm going to give the story. I'm going to go through the spreadsheet and then we're going to look at the potential returns for this company. A little bit about me, I am a stock analyst for a holding company with over 10 million of assets under management as well as my own personal $150,000 portfolio. Just so you guys know, we are not certified financial advisors. This video is not financial advice. All investments carry risk. You are solely responsible for your investments. We encourage everyone to do their own due diligence and research. We have a high risk tolerance and a long investment horizon. This video reflects our opinions only at the time of recording and are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Starting with the synopsis, what is the current status quo at Better? So, Better is doing business as Better, better.com. It's headquartered here where I live in New York and it provides mortgage origination and related services such as title insurance, home insurance online in the United States and the UK. Basically, it does Better processes, underwriting, and closes mortgages for lenders and sells them to secondary investors. So, yeah, it originates mortgages and then it also does like home equity products and then a few others as well. Their mission is for we're making home ownership simpler, faster, and most importantly, more accessible for all Americans. Now, let's talk about their products. They do conventional, VA, FHA mortgage underwriting, matching, and resale. They do HELOCs and secondary mortgages. They work They do some real estate agent services. They do some title insurance and services. And they also do home insurance services. And then a big part of the Better story is their product called Tinman. Tinman is an AI-driven automated rules-based decision engine and software platform. So, this is basically a mortgage origination SaaS product, software as a service product or platform. The software platform and engine enables a range of loan and financial services combining a point of sale system, CRM system, pricing engine, document engine, loan origination software, and underwriting calculation engine. So, it does the underwriting. It generates documents required to be able to sell a loan to the mortgage market. And it, you know, takes all the information in about the borrowers and then decides based on their information, income, you know, credit score, those kind of things, what they can qualify for. And it does this much, much faster than humans can with much more accuracy. So, you know, there's tons of mortgage products and maybe the loan officer isn't aware or forgets about one loan product that the customer could, you know, qualify for and maybe gets them a more expensive one. Well, this is a AI platform. It's going to check all of them. It's not going to forget, you know, one of the loan products. So, it's going to always be able to match the customer with the best mortgage product for them. So, we'll talk about their business model. They do direct to consumer sale of their products. And then the other big thing they're doing is the selling of Tinman to loan officers, to banks, that kind of thing. So, customers can go directly to their website. Actually, this would be a good time to go to their website real quick. It's really, really good. You get hit with this like chat interface named Betsy. Betsy is super, super responsive. You can ask a bunch of questions and she can do like almost so much of the process, if not almost all of the process as far as I'm aware, of like basically doing your HELOC or doing your, you know, loan loan pre-approval, those sort of things. So, really, really powerful product here. Talking about the founder, this is founder-run, which we absolutely love. And Vishal Garg is actually a really, really tried and true founder. His last company was called MyRichUncle, which did student loan origination and student loans for students. Unfortunately, it did go public and I think it was something like a 400 million-ish market cap at its peak. But during the 2008 financial crisis, one of their like funders of the loans were was the Lehman Brothers. So, we know the story there. Lehman Brothers, you know, went bankrupt and they were they went bankrupt as well as a result. But, you know, Vishal Garg is really, really resilient and he got back to it and he founded another company called now better.com. It's now public once again with a new public company that is now originating loans. So, yeah. Born and raised in New York, just a very, very resilient founder. From all the interviews and stuff I've listened to, he is super, super customer obsessed. And he has a really deep desire to like build something. He's He has like a true founder spirit. Even during I'll go into the history a little bit of better.com. So, there was a really rough period. Well, first there was a really good period. So, around 2020, 2020 when the start of COVID happened and rates were basically at zero, they just did HELOCs at that moment. So, they did like home equity kind of products. And when rates went to zero, tons of people were doing HELOCs, refinances, that kind of thing. So, their revenue went absolutely parabolic. So, you could see the revenue here in 2020 of 88 million. And then in 20 or sorry, in 2019 it was 89 million. And then in 2020, it went to 1.7 billion dollars in 1 year. So, absolutely insane growth. And then you could see over the next couple of years where we had the fastest rate hike in rate hike cycle in history, their revenue plummeted off of a cliff. And during that time, there was some controversies about him having to fire a bunch of people. He did it on the best way. He did it over Zoom. He got a lot of, you know, kind of pushback for that, a lot of flak because of that. He was even, you know, some of the people on the board actually wanted to fire him. But he's like, "No, this is my baby. I want to stay here at this company." You know, he learned from that. He talks about how it was a mistake, reflecting on it in a lot of interviews. And he actually was able to lead the company through that where they're basically were just doing this these home equity products. And the home equity product market shrank by something like 99%. So, he was able to lead the company through that rate hike cycle and pretty much the complete like demolition of their entire business, they were able to pivot. He led the company through a pivot from just home equity products to also home origination. And then they started building this Tinman product, this AI product as well. And has been able to turn around the business from that massive decline in revenue to now growing 50% year-over-year again and accelerating. So, they pivot. They still do home equity, but now they do home mortgage origination as well as well as selling Tinman to banks and loan officers and such like I already talked about. And now we're seeing a massive re-acceleration in growth once again. And on top of that, we are coming out of that rate hike cycle and going into a rate cut cycle, which I think is going to, you know, dramatically, you know, speed up over the next year or so. We're going to get, I think, a definitely quite a few cuts. And we'll talk about that a bit more in the bull case. So, that's a little bit about Vishal, just a really good founder, very, very resilient. Successfully ran companies in the past. Now, his first company did go bankrupt, but that was due to a lot of external factors like, you know, the great financial crisis and, you know, the Lehman Brothers being one of their financial backers going bankrupt as well. So, yeah, let's talk about the bear case a little bit. So, currently it is unprofitable. So, there's definitely execution risk. Though management has guided that they're going to get to EBITDA profitability by Q3 of this year. And on top of that, the another part of the argument for the bear case would be mortgage and HELOC demand is cyclical based on rates, which we have definitely seen in the past. And that absolutely demolished their business in the past. Now, he's greatly diversified away from the cyclicality, especially of equity, you know, equity loan products because equity loan products, you know, you don't have to take out, you know, an equity loan on your home, but people are always moving. So, you know, whether or not the rates are high or low, people have to move for work and they need to buy a new house regardless even if rates aren't necessarily the best. But you don't have to do a home equity, you know, loan even if rates are super high. You just wait till a better, you know, rate environment and then you take out, you know, a secondary mortgage or whatever on your property to, you know, you know, redo the kitchen or whatever you need the the money for, consolidate credit card debt, whatever it might be. That is all like almost completely based on rates, whereas people are always moving, buying, and selling real estate. So, that's a more of a consistent business. And now that they've moved into that field and they have Tinman, which is more of a SaaS product, it's going to be subscription-based, it's going to be more sticky, it's going to be a lot more consistent revenue. I think they the cyclicality kind of based on rates is that risk has gone down a ton through recent, you know, developments and pivoting inside the company. And then the last part of the bear case is Roelof Botha recently talked about possibly the need to rate hikes raise rates a little bit in the short term due to the massive increase in oil prices because of the Iran war. So, if we do see a rate hike in the short term, the long term I think rates are going down. A rate hike in the short term could be a pretty big headwind for Better and could mean, you know, a bit of a tumble in the stock price if that does happen. Though, if you look at things like Trueflation, interest inflation rates are actually still going down despite the increase in energy costs. Though, it could take a little bit of time to see that reflected in the data. Though, Trueflation is a lot more ahead of, you know, the government in terms of knowing what's actually happening with inflation. There's a lot of massive deflationary kind of macro things happening with AI and that kind of stuff. So, yeah, we'll talk a little bit about that now. In the bull case, the bull case is the revenue is growing again from their pivot to mortgage origination and selling Tin Man. And now that they are have a AI native product like Tin Man, Tin AI is a tailwind. So, every time AI gets better, their product gets better. They have a data moat, we'll talk about moats a bit later. And just the more mortgages they originate, the better the underwriting is. From my understanding, this also basically replaces like eight individual software programs that most you know underwriters or mortgage originators use and just combine them all into one central connected platform called Tin Man. So, it's a really good improvement on the current like legacy software that these, you know, mortgage writers and underwriters are using currently. And when we looked at when we look later at product comparison, almost none of these other products are AI native or have any kind of AI integrated into them whatsoever. So, it's just a very superior product and you know, because they're doing mortgage origination as well as the equity products, you know, their revenue is growing again and actually very, very fast. Secondly, home equity market can come back in a big way when rates get cut. So, I think long term rates are going down because we are seeing things like deflation from AI and just, you know, the economy really, you know, growing again without inflation. But, yeah, let me read what I said. Yeah, the other thing that also makes me think that rates are going down over the long term is that currently there's a lot of government debt, which means they have the US admin and the US government has an incentive built in to keep rates low. They do not the US government does not want high rates because they have to pay interest on that. So, you're basically aligning your incentives with the organizations that are the ones that are printing money and that kind of stuff. So, but yeah, if the home equity market came back in a big way when we get these rate cuts, if they got back to their 2020 revenue, that would mean a 10x in revenue. And currently they're only trading something like three times sales, whereas we'll look later at some of their peers are trading six times sales and 15 times sales. So, even to trade at the kind of multiple that their peers are trading at, it'd basically have to 2x to trade at the same price to sales as Rocket Mortgage. And then if you 10x revenue, something like you need like the 20x the stock price to get to a peer to peer similar price to sales evaluation if they got back to their 2020 revenue when they were just like selling so much like home equity products to customers. Now, part of that was the rate environment, but another part of what caused that massive boom in 2020 was obviously COVID. So, there wasn't as much competition like people couldn't go into a bank. They the only way they could access home equity was through home like online home equity originators. So, that could be a little bit of a difference. But, you know, the demand is mostly just comes from rates. So, I don't know how much of it was that like people couldn't go into a bank to get a HELOC versus everyone just wanted a HELOC because rates were so low. HELOC stands for home equity line of credit if you're not familiar with the term. Yeah. And yeah, management's also saying that they could get back to the like insane revenue with just three rate cuts, which I think again over the next year is super, super likely because, you know, inflation is in check right now and we are seeing pretty deflationary kind of trends in the the economy. The last part of the bull case, the deflationary effects of AI should mean lower inflation, which makes low rates more likely. And then also potential job cuts from AI means pressure on unemployment, which would also incentivize the Fed to make rates lower. So, yeah, a lot of the bull case definitely is kind of based around the idea of rates going lower, but I think the likelihood of that is incredibly high. And Better is so well positioned to take advantage of lower rates. I think it just could be something insane. Maybe not as insane as 2020 for Better, but like, you know, kind of insane like 2020. So, yeah, company type, this is a fast grower. It's currently growing 50% year over year and accelerating. Free cash flow, it's negative but improving faster than revenue over the last two years. Most of these things like I'm I'm looking at like the last two years improvement cuz that's really when the turnaround started. And then operational leverage, this unfortunately is a little bit hard to tell if they are getting operational leverage at the moment because their, you know, revenue and income and everything has been all over the place because of the crazy ride they've had with, you know, the revenue going up and down and all over the place. So, I am keeping a close eye on this, but it is likely that they can especially because they did show profitability when they were doing the home equity products back in 2020 to two, I think they showed a ton of profit. I can't remember exactly off my head, but they have been able to offer operate profitably in the past. And now with them selling Tin Man software as a service, you know, these kind of SaaS business models are really, really successful at building operational leverage because it costs you one time up front to build the product and then there's pretty much zero marginal cost for each time that you sell the product in the future. And for my understanding is the product actually isn't subscription based. You pay per loan you originate as well, which is really good at getting people to adopt the product. Shareholder equity, this is another thing I'm keeping my eye on. Since they are free cash flow negative at the moment, you know, shareholder equity has been declining, but I believe once they get to profitability in Q3, we could see positive free cash flow and the shareholder equity beginning to increase again. Now, they have executed very well obviously in the case of COVID and has been executing very well the past two years. Obviously during 2021, 2022, 2023, that was a really rough time for them where revenue dropped very significantly. But, I actually think that is another really good example of execution because during that time their core business disappeared by 99% and they were able to successfully pivot to mortgage origination after that as well as, you know, building the Tin Man product and that kind of stuff. So, I think they have a really good track record of executing well to pivoting to adapting to market conditions. In terms of recent like GAAP earnings and normalized earnings, they have missed GAAP earnings the last three quarters and they usually beat normalized earnings compared to like analyst expectations. But, again, I I think this company has a really good track record of execution. I really like Vishal Garg. So, I do believe in their ability to execute well. So, when you're thinking of things like execution risk in terms of getting to profitability, I'm very confident in their ability to execute. In terms of management guidance, they're guiding to get to 1 billion in loan origination per month by May. Now, that doesn't all turn into revenue. Like they have a, you know, a take rate of that. Maybe they get somewhere I I not I don't remember off the top of my head what their take rate is, 1 to 3%ish somewhere in there of that loan origination turns into revenue. But, this would be a massive increase in the amount of loan origination volume. In Q4, all of Q4, they did about 1.5 billion in loan origination. So, you're talking about doubling the amount of loan origination volume within like three months of the end of Q4. So, really, really fast acceleration. And how will they achieve, you know, this revenue growth? They're going to do more direct to consumer due to Betsy and as rates get cut and they're going to do more B2B business sales through Tin Man's, you know, working with more underwriters and stuff by getting them to use Tin Man. So, currently it is trading at $620 million market cap. It does have a slightly positive net asset value, but as you see here, it's it's really slim. Currently as its shareholder equity is continuing to go down as they burn through cash in order to reach that profitability in Q3. So, revenue trailing 12-month revenue is 207 million for full year, 207 million. This is again where I'm talking about they're literally trading only three times sales. And if we go over here to competitive analysis, companies like Rocket is trading six times sales and companies like Figure, which is Figure Lending, is trading 15 times sales. So, to trade in in line with their peer Rocket, they'd have to double in value. And to pay to trade in line with peers like Figure, what would that be? Be 3 6 9 12 15, like a 5x to trade in line with Figure's uh valuation multiples. So, it is very very undervalued compared to its peers. We'll look at some of those later in the charts, but in terms of uh the total addressable market, mortgages are 70% of all consumer debt. Consumer debt in the US is massive. So, mortgages is a massive industry. Uh it represents about 2.2 trillion uh in origination per year. 2.2 trillion dollars in in mortgage loans are originated per year. Um and from what I could see, it's growing about 8% year over year. But again, this is cyclical based on um obviously rate and macro environment stuff. So, it it goes in shrinks and but I over time it definitely a growing industry. Um Comparable companies like I've talked about a little bit already, uh Figure Lending, Rocket Mortgage, uh banks in general, loan officers, that kind of those kind of things are comparable uh companies or competitions. Now, let's talk about Better's moat. Uh they have a low cost of production. That is definitely part of their moat. They can originate loans for so much cheaper than banks can. Um mortgage advisers can uh do twice as many loans with they use Tinman. Um that was from uh one of their recent presentations, better.com's recent presentations. Um they're getting a data moat for each loan they underwrite. They get more data on how to underwrite successful loans. Um and uh also they will get Yeah, so that means better AI underwriting. And then Tinman will have switching costs for loan officers and banks for sure. As you integrate the system into your underwriting process, it'll be very difficult to rip that out and replace it. So, there will be switching costs as well for all of these, you know, uh you know, people who are using Tinman to underwrite loans. So, um a little bit of product comparison now. So, bis uh uh you know, business to consumer. So, the direct to consumer uh model, uh they have a rate match uh guarantee. Um and then Betsy makes it really easy to ask questions and buy a product. Now, I do want to point out though that I went to uh this This is a little bit of a interesting point. I I'm not exactly sure how I feel about it yet. I went to Trustpilot. Um Figure Lending on Trustpilot has 4.8 stars, but better.com only has four stars. And Figure also has two and a half times more reviews. Um but again, Figure uh doesn't actually have loan origination products. They're just like home equity products at the moment. Um but yeah, very very interesting to note. Um but yeah. Uh in terms of their direct to like B2B um software in terms of Tinman, um I had was talking to an LLM, and it just talked about a bunch of different kind of, you know, softwares that do this mortgage or loan origination process. And its summary was that uh the big differentiation between Tinman and all these other platforms was Tinman is AI native. So, it's like the only AI native loan origination platform. So, I think it definitely has an advantage in that area. So, uh in terms of an industry mature market caps, Figure has a $7 billion market cap, and Rocket has a $40 billion market cap. And Figure only has I I think twice the amount of revenue that um Better has. So, and Better's trading at like $600 $700 million market cap. So, it needs like 10x again uh to get to the same market cap. Well, I need if it doubled its revenue, um it would like need to 10x to get to the same. But yeah, so Figure does have more revenue, but yeah. So, again, if it was trading the same times sales, it'd be uh a 5x currently from its current market cap. So, which would make it half the size of Figure. Okay, so so in industry average margins, um Figure currently has 27% net margin. So, that's our assumption for what kind of uh terminal mature net margin Better can get to. Though it was really interesting, Rocket Mortgage is not profitable currently, but it had a net margin as high as 60% at one point. So, uh there is some potential for maybe even a higher net margin uh than 27%. But that's what we're assuming in like the the in terms of mature net margin. So, I already talked about this mostly. Um Let's go into the modeling a little bit. So, in the bear case, and what we're saying it's going to could grow at 30% over the next 2 years, which for a bear case like, "Wow, that's really high." But if you come over here and look at analyst consensus, they the analyst consensus is that they will grow at 63% this year and 53% uh next year. So, this is a very bearish compared to analyst expectations. Um you know, slowing down to 15% year over year growth. And then in our base case, we are assuming just a little bit higher than analysts because we do think these rate hikes are going to be a significant tailwind of 70%, 60%, and then slowing down to 30% by 2030. Um so, we'll go look at what that looks like in the charting. You can see here, if they are able to execute our um kind of base case, that would mean a 19x in the market cap. And then even in the bear case here, it'd be a 4.2x even if they do screw at 30% slowing down to 15% over the next 5 years. So, uh really really asymmetricality of this bet considering even in the worst case scenario, uh they will still compound greater than 30%. And I'm not going to go over the bull case because basically the bull case is if they got back to this amount of revenue um from their current amount of revenue, that'd basically be a 10x in revenue to get back to their 2020 revenue, which could happen potentially after a few rate cuts. Um and then they need to double their price to sale ratio. So, that'd be like a 20x cuz you get a 10x in the revenue, and then you get a 2x in the price to sales multiple to be in line with its peers, and that's a 20x in the market [clears throat] cap. Um and that could happen within a year or two. So, that's kind of the bull case scenario, uh which would just be absolutely uh insane. So, uh the base case assumes they get to 20% net margin and have a 38 PE. Now, let's go to the final buy checklist. I think this is a really cool way to kind of uh quantify quantitatives and qualitatives to get kind of a final number of like how good you kind of think the company is after you've done all your research. This company is innovative. Tinman is an innovative product. Um and they've been innovative with Betsy and implementing AI into their system. Um and yeah, they've been really really like this is a an innovative company, and you can definitely tell when you listen to Vishal. I very recommend go and listen to Vishal. Um it is a generational leader. I think Tinman is the best product in the market from my research. It's got top fundamentals. It doesn't have a great balance sheet or margins yet, but the growth is phenomenal, and they've proven they've been able to have really good margins in the past. Um it is founder run, and that founder is definitely a customer obsessed. You can hear it when he's talking. He just wants to provide more value per dollar spent to these customers, and he wants to share economies of scale. So, uh he wants to lower the cost of originating a loan and to share some of that savings with the customer. So, super super customer obsessed. Uh it is more than 10% C-suite insider owned. Um it's disrupting legacy companies and slow in a slow growth industry. It's disrupting, you know, traditional banks, um that kind of thing. I do think a 30-plus percent return is very likely. It is currently undervalued. It has a compressed valuation. There has been insider buying. In fact, Vishal bought more than his entire yearly salary worth of stocks recently. Um and for me, this definitely survives the comma test. Of course, there is cyclicality with rates, but I believe in Vishal. I have seen this company been able to survive rate cut cycles. Um and I would be more than happy to hold this company uh for the next 10 years if I could never sell it. So, it actually gets a 100 score. There's only like uh one or two other companies in our spreadsheet currently with a 100 score. So, uh hopefully you have a better understanding of better.com and why we are so excited about it. Um but this should not be the end of the research. If you are interested in potentially investing this company, I highly encourage you. Uh we have a link in the description of a playlist with a bunch of interviews with Vishal. Go listen to those. Go listen to the the latest earnings call. Go mess around on whatever, uh you know, app you use to look at, you know, uh you know, revenue growth over the years and and, you know, expenses and that kind of stuff. Get understand the company. Uh do your own modeling. I highly encourage you to do all of those things uh cuz it's really important for you to underwrite your own investment. Hopefully, this was a really good kind of uh we want to be a research to discover potential opportunities and give you a little bit of a jumping-off point in doing your own research. So, I hope you enjoyed. I hope you learned a little bit about investing in general. If you did uh learn or enjoy the video, please leave a uh like. Uh and if you want to see more videos like this in the future, make sure to subscribe and have a wonderful wonderful day.
