---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: NET
title: "Cloudflare CEO: Need to monetize the AI-driven web"
channel: "CNBC Television"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: CEqQsVpPEgA
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CEqQsVpPEgA
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Cloudflare CEO: Need to monetize the AI-driven web

**Channel**: CNBC Television  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CEqQsVpPEgA

## Transcript

Welcome to cmc.com. I'm Frank Holland, anchor of Worldwide Exchange. Cloudfare, a firm that provides cyber security and connectivity services, announced that starting today will block artificial intelligence crawlers from accessing content on websites without the owner's permission. It's a move that could change how AI developers train their models. And join me to discuss this and much more, Matthew Prince, the CEO of Cloudflare, also the co-founder. Matthew, thank you for joining us. Thank you for having me. All right, so let's start off with the news right here. How does this work for your customers and and why did Cloudflare decide to offer this service? You know, I think 18 months ago, we were first approached by a number of media companies who said they were just getting killed by AI. And I have to confess at first I sort of rolled my eyes and said, you know, we spend all of our time worrying about Chinese hackers, Iranian hackers, Russian hackers, and you're telling me that, you know, these nerds in in PaloAlto uh are are are taking on your business. And what what I I they said just pull the data. And what we found was that as the world is shifting from a searchdriven web to an AIdriven web, less people are reading the actual original content. Instead, they're reading derivatives of the content. And that means that if you're a content creator and you're creating value by either selling ads, selling subscriptions, or just getting the ego of knowing people are reading your stuff, all three of those things are going away in an AIdriven web. you know, just kind of use some of the popular terminology. You're saying we're going away from a blue link economy due to zeroclick searches. Um, we're looking at at that shift right now. It seems like content companies, they want to protect their content. Um, great for them. What's in it for Cloudflare? You know, I think the first thing is we've won a lot of new customers as a result of this. These are customers that said we didn't have a solution in the past uh to be able to stop these AI crawlers from being able to take our content. We're the world's best at being able to detect bots, stop bots, and make sure that you have control of your content. And whether those bots are again being run by hackers and spammers, or they're being run by AI companies, we're very good at detecting them and stopping them. And so, we've won a number of customers. I think the second thing is that over time, we believe that there's going to be a marketplace that develops here that is going to be what monetizes the AIdriven web. And if Cloudflare can be the company that helps develop that marketplace, we think it's a substantial business opportunity for us. All right. So, Matthew, let's get a bit granular if you don't mind. You say you won some business from media companies. Are we talking about some streamers that are running a fashion blog? Are we talking about bigname media companies like our parent company Comcast and and other similar entities? You know, we we got everyone uh it was really amazing from Ade to Ze Davis and everything in between. Basically, every major media company, this is top of mind for their sea level executives. It's the number one thing that they're worried about. It's the number one thing that they're concerned with. and they are all flocking to us in order to be able to say we have a solution for this and that's again I think driving more and more customers to cloudflare. All right. Uh you mentioned some of the threats when it comes to cyber security from uh state actors like in Iran obviously a lot of global tensions and Middle East tensions. Can you give us a kind of paint a picture of us for the current situation when it comes for cyber sec when it comes to cyber security and also your outlook for the second half of the year? What are you expecting when it comes to the cyber security landscape and the demands for enterprise customers? The general rule is that whatever is happening in the physical world gets mirrored very much in the digital world. And so as we saw hostilities uh ramp up between Israel and Iran at the same time uh that the physical world uh and kinetic uh war was going on, there was a cyber war going on behind the scenes. And so a number of Iranian financial institutions including one of their largest banks, their largest cryptocurrency exchange were hacked by Israeli uh and Israeli sympathetic uh activists. Same time there were a number of Iranian attacks that not only targeted Israel but targeted the US and supporters there. And so it has never been a busier time to be a cyber security company. And we're really I'm really proud of the fact that Cloudflare keeps our customers safe every single day regardless of what threats they face. when we're talking about some of these um Iranian actors or other bad actors at a state level or just generally cyber security companies that might try to do ransomware or things like that right now, what areas are they targeting? We've heard some uh or we've seen some advisories about um infrastructure being targeted potentially at a government level, but when we're talking about more specifically about companies, what kind of companies do you see being targeted? Yeah, I think that um we've seen a a real uptick especially from the Chinese hackers against a lot of the telecommunications uh and and electricity uh providers that are there. The Iranian hackers tend to target things like uh the financial institutions, banks uh which continue to see uh significant attacks and the cryptocurrency industry. Um it just every day uh people are attacking that uh largely again not necessarily state actors but just you know criminals and it goes back to the old saying why do criminals rob banks? It's cuz it's where the money is. Why are cyber attackers going after cryptocurrency? It's because it's where the money is and they can take it and leave without a trace. I want to go back to your business. Um, on your last earnings call, you actually talked about tariffs. We don't hear very many tech companies talking about tariffs. You were saying that basically a lot of your competitors, specifically ones that offer on premise services, are more impacted by tariffs and you're less impacted. How are tariffs impacting tech? We don't talk about it very often. Yeah, you know, I think um there's really a shift that has gone on from on premise solutions where they would send you a box uh and you'd have to install it uh somewhere in order to in order to solve a particular problem to cloud-based solutions like a cloudflare. And what we're seeing is that tariffs are actually providing a tailwind uh for us because we don't have a physical box that we have to import into any particular jurisdiction and and have that uh be something that again has a an additional tax which is on top of it. And so we have been uh very good at at being able to manage our supply chain in a world of tariffs and we've seen that more and more people are moving away from what those last generation cyber security solutions were which required some sort of a physical appliance. Matthew Prince, CEO of Cloudflare, it's really great to have a conversation with you. Thank you very much. Uh announcing some news today offering a product that allows companies to block AI scrapers and crawlers. Uh thank you again and thank all of you for watching CNBC.com. I'm Frank Colin, the anchor of Worldwide Exchange. Please tune in every weekday from 5:00 to 6:00
