---
ticker: BYTEDANCE
type: youtube
title: "ByteDance to Get About 50% of TikTok US Profit Under Trump Deal | Bloomberg Intelligence"
channel: "Bloomberg Podcasts"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=soNlrjGqgJw
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 16619
---

# ByteDance to Get About 50% of TikTok US Profit Under Trump Deal | Bloomberg Intelligence

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Bloomberg Podcasts
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=soNlrjGqgJw

## 转录全文

[Music] Bloomberg Audio Studios, podcasts, radio, news. You're listening to the Bloomberg Intelligence Podcast. Catch us live weekdays at 10 a.m. Eastern &gt;&gt; on Apple CarPlay and Android Auto with the Bloomberg Business App. Listen on demand wherever you get your podcasts or watch us live on YouTube. &gt;&gt; Let's go over to another interesting story today in the tech space. That's Tik Tok. um it needs to be divested the US operations looks like there are some buyers out there. Now the question is what are they going to pay for it? Mandep Singh joins us. He's a senior tech analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. Uh Mandep I saw the reporting this morning from Bloomberg about a $14 billion valuation and I was saying what isn't it worth multiples of that? Um but then I see that there might be an arrangement where bite dance is going to receive a lot of the profitability of the US operation. what's the latest that you know &gt;&gt; so that profitability option is uh tied to the fact that you know bite dance still has to run the operation so what they have done is created two separate entities one entity will house the data it will control the content and the algorithm so they are going to recreate the algorithm and that other entity that bite dance is responsible for will uh actually run the day-to-day operations and you it will be responsible for showing the ads any e-commerce that flows through Tik Tok and so from that perspective it makes sense that they will keep half of the profits because guess what a company like Oracle yes it can run the infrastructure the app but it doesn't have the expertise to you know uh run the ad operations or do e-commerce at the end of the day it's more infrastructure than applications and so from that perspective it makes sense that you know bite dance is involved in running the operations And uh we've also learned today that Bite Dance is expected to get about 50% of Tik Tok US's profit under this potential Trump deal. Um what do you make of that? This again is according to Bloomberg reporting. It has not been confirmed and we all are waiting for things to be made official. Does that sound like a reasonable split? &gt;&gt; I mean think of it this way. Oracle was getting paid let's say uh you know Tik Tok US was generating about10 billion dollars in revenue. Oracle was getting paid $2 billion just for hosting the app and you know storing the data. So it was a revenue generator the Oracle cont uh the Tik Tok contract for Oracle. Now that Oracle owns Tik Tok US that revenue gets converted into a cost. So and and it could be at least a billion dollar in cost. So from that perspective, you know, the fact that Oracle went from 2 billion in revenue from Tik Tok to uh uh you know, having $1 billion extra in cost, it makes sense that they should get some sort of a deal when it comes to buying the asset. And so that's why that low price tag of 14 billion that everyone is surprised about. There's a reason for that because, you know, I mean, if Oracle has to own this thing, they need to have some sort of incentive because it's a $3 billion delta to their gross profit. All right. So, just to be clear here, what is your what will these uh new investors what will they be buying and is what they're buying is that $14 billion seem reasonable to you? &gt;&gt; Yes. So the other minority investors whether it's silver lake and we still don't know all the minority investors who are involved here but clearly you know uh I imagine they're not responsible for the day-to-day operations and if uh Tik Tok US was generating about $10 billion plus in ad and e-commerce revenue that's why they want bite dance to continue owning those operations running those operations because they don't want that 10 billion to go to you know 5 billion over the next six months. And so that's why they are getting that 45 or 50% of profitability for Tik Tok US even though they'll become a 20% owner of the Tik Tok US asset after this. &gt;&gt; Stay with us. More from Bloomberg Intelligence coming up after this. &gt;&gt; You're listening to the Bloomberg Intelligence podcast. Catch us live weekdays at 10 a.m. Eastern on Apple CarPlay and Android Auto with the Bloomberg Business App. Listen on demand wherever you get your podcasts or watch us live on YouTube. &gt;&gt; The president has planned to impose a 100% tariff on branded drug imports. Uh he talked about this most favored nation status for uh US consumers. Uh drug companies of course are up in arms and they've been trying to find ways to to get around it to get an exemption. So let's bring in Sam Viselli. He is director of research for global industries and senior pharmaceuticals analyst for Bloomberg Intelligence. And Sam, uh, the reporting that our colleagues over at Bloomberg News have done indicate that the drug makers are not all that concerned about this, uh, tariff plan for pharmaceutical companies because they have all made plans to invest big time in the US. &gt;&gt; They have indeed. And you know, Scarlet, this has been something that's been going on for since the announcement of we're going to punish you somehow. tariffs, most favored nation or whatever other mechanism that's been put forward unless you bring your manufacturing here. So, it's the same rhetoric. It's the same story and and some of the companies have pledged. We're just adding up just published the list of things that pharma companies have said 50 billion here, 45 billion there, 60 billion there. Um numbers at least um and they look good on a piece of paper and a lot of them already have manufacturing there. Some of them have started making new sites. Maybe they would have done it anyway because um you need manufacturing for the new products that you have because they're slightly different etc. Um so but but I think the reason you see pretty much everything's green on my screen in the large farmerland except for Nova Nordisk. Um in you know the top performer is Galaxo which is the UK market is still open actually. So um I think it's because of that. is because people know well actually this isn't going to happen. 100% tariffs is not going to happen because they've done what they president is looking for. &gt;&gt; Sam, what is all this just generic I mean just all this talk about tariffs as on pharmaceuticals um the restricted funding to American universities in in your circles where people are working day in day out trying to develop new drugs, new therapies. Um what's the feeling in that community? The feeling is thorough confusion because on the one hand you want uh skilled workers in these skilled jobs in the US. On the other hand, you're not allowing them to come from overseas on I don't know how many hands I need here. On the other hand, I'm going to borrow your hand, Paul. Uh we've got the situation where we have science that's that's being defunded to a degree. Now we have to be careful there because there's particular pressure on certain certain types of research, certain types of uh science. But the National Science Foundation, the NIH, those are all the sources of these PhDs and biomedical engineering that are required to run these manufacturing facilities. They're being impacted. So what happens over the long run uh run if you can't bring the workers from overseas because of the H1B visa issue? If you can't generate them internally, what happens in five or 10 years? Who's going to run these places? Therefore, confusion. So, this I I'm trying to get my head around. Is the US still for innovation or against innovation? I don't know what the answer to that is. &gt;&gt; Seems like we're for innovation, but everyone here doing it has to be American. &gt;&gt; I don't know. That that might be one interpretation of it. &gt;&gt; But SC Scarlet, I I buy that and I and it has been the case. And you have some of the most innovative, some of the best people there. No question about it. But you still need the basic science and the funding to keep get them to that bachelor's degree, master's degree, PhD degree to become the experts to continue to run these things. That's where I'm I'm getting a bit confused. &gt;&gt; Maybe it's just me. It's been explained to me by someone who runs a major university uh medical center that realized that has a very large um you know research uh capability that it's roughly twothirds of the funds come from the US government and one-third comes from the university and other private sources and that's kind of been in place for 80 years that structure and one could argue that structure has worked pretty well for humanity. um is where we are. &gt;&gt; Is there a belief that that's at risk? &gt;&gt; I I think I think there is. You know, you might you might want to listen to some of my podcasts recently. I did one with Iasooni on the Vanguard of Healthcare podcast. I did one with the uh CEO of Mark Foundation. Who are the people who have either been involved in in running the NIH uh running R&amp;D centers that's IAS or the Mark Foundation who does finances uh very early stage cancer translational cancer research they are all seeing it happen around them and and of course they are the sorts of people who can to a degree fill the gap but you you're dealing with billions of dollars. We need we need the philanthropy monies from the top 10 folks to come in to to fill this gap that the NIH budget cut is leaving, the NSF budget cut is leaving. That's where I'm worried and maybe unfairly, maybe it all comes out and people are still able to fund the research that leads to the innovations that we're looking for. My fingers are crossed. I hope that's the case. wherever you get your podcast or watch us live on YouTube. Boeing is one of the big gainers here and there is a report that the company will regain more powers from regulators to conduct final safety checks. Uh this is initially reported by the Wall Street Journal. The FAA has since come out and made it clear that this is the plan starting uh m September 29th. So, let's bring in George Ferguson. He is our go-to authority on aerospace. He's the senior aerospace, defense, and airlines analyst for Bloomberg Intelligence. George, it would appear that this is big news given the stock market reaction. Was it unexpected? Was it expected? &gt;&gt; You know, I I think it was expected, but I think you always breathe a a sigh of relief when it actually happens, right? Boeing Boeing needs to have this cap lifted, the production cap lifted in order for it to push to higher build rates next year. That's a big part of the turnaround strategy, right? That means uh building more airplanes, you know, um diffusing the their high overhead costs over more built. Uh that means better cash generation, better profitability. Everything hinges on them cranking up build rates. And so I think if you're an investor in the stock, you know, you're again breathing a sigh of relief because this is one obstacle, maybe had a little bit of a difficult time sort of cuffing. Uh and it seems like the FAA is comfortable. Uh and I think it's a good sign. It means the FA must uh see progress in quality and stability in builds. And so I think it uh again I think it's uh if if you're an investor, I think it you breathe a sigh of relief when you see it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm I'm calling it the I'm calling this thing has turned, George. I think they've finally gotten all the bad stuff behind them here. Hopefully that continues to play out. Um George, when when they're making deliveries these days, how much is out of existing inventory versus coming right right off the line? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it bounces around monthto month, but I think in the last month we saw we saw five or six airplanes at least that we think uh came out of inventory. you know, what we typically look at is we look at first flight date and if there's a first flight date on the airplane that's prior to 2025, we're pretty sure it's coming out of inventory. Um, you know, so the majority are going through the factory, but again, they're getting rid of that what they call the shadow factory, that inventory, uh, at a decent clip now. Uh, I I I'm hoping we hear an update during 3Q. it got a bit hard to keep track of uh how much inventory they had, but it seems like they're getting pretty uh depleted. They're they're running that inventory off pretty well, which would be another big positive for this uh company. &gt;&gt; Well, speaking of positives, um the company does report earnings on October 23rd, and these are the kinds of news events that lead to a uh productive earnings conference call where the management can point to all these signs of progress and talk about how they're going to move forward and build on this momentum. What are you looking for the company to say when it does hold its earnings report uh earnings call? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, um we we would probably love to hear some targets for 2026 for for build rates, uh for cash generation, for reduction of that shadow factory. I'm I'm just not totally sure management's ready to give that out yet. Kelly Ortberg seems to uh play a little bit conservative, hold things back a little bit, but we'd we'd love to hear what their expectations are. Right now, I think what you have in the marketplace is um is just a bunch of analyst views without company guidance to sort of tether uh some of those views on on build rates. And so, if you look at some of the EE numbers on the Bloomberg terminal for Boeing, uh the spread is pretty wide in that. So, we'd like to hear about that. We want to hear as well the defense business uh you know looks like it's turning around too I think which just you know adds to uh adds to some of the the the gains the company should be able to make in in profitability. They won the um F47 program. Uh we'd love to hear some commentary there too on how they're rolling off some of those fixed price contracts that have really clipped them. We think they've turned the corner there, too, and defense how to be profitable and cash generative going into 2026, too. So, love commentary on that. &gt;&gt; George, one of the headwinds you called out for Boeing over the last several years is the um you know, the lack of a, you know, enough skilled laborers to get these planes off the assembly line is. It's a lot more complicated than than building an automobile. you you pointed out and during the pandemic a lot of high-skilled industries lost some other high-skilled people and that certainly includes the aerospace industry. What's what's the status of that as the industry looks to continue to rebuild? &gt;&gt; I mean I think it's improving right and I think one of the things you can look to is the um you know the job situation in the country in the US is definitely switched up from the world where there were more job opportunities than there were job seekers. We we've turned that around to now there's more job seekers than opportunities. That's not so good for the workers, but it is good for the companies. I think it means more stability. You don't have people that join Boeing or more importantly join their suppliers and then have a bid away pretty quickly uh get trained and leave cuz training in aerospace takes a while. So you invest in a person and to have them stick around for six months and leave means you never really get the productivity and you even probably knock down some of the productivity of your existing workers to train them. So I think that's an indicator that uh that their uh labor force is probably going to become uh more stable. And like I said I think you know Boeing will offer a wage and a benefit package that pulls people into that business. There's a lot of people I think coming to these businesses to aerospace that hadn't done this work before because there was a lot of baby boomers that retired. The more concerning part is is the supply chain and the back fill in the supply chain. And I think again this indicates that we're getting more stability uh you know the FBA confidence indicates to there's more stability in that supply chain and given this change in uh in sort of the labor supply demand situation. I think it uh it bodess well for keeping those people and improving productivity in the business. This is the Bloomberg Intelligence Podcast, available on Apple, Spotify, and anywhere else you get your podcasts. Listen live each weekday, 10:00 a.m. to noon Eastern on Bloomberg.com, the iHeart Radio app, TuneIn, and the Bloomberg Business App. You can also watch us live every weekday on YouTube, and always on the Bloomberg terminal.
