---
ticker: BYTEDANCE
type: youtube
title: "Iran Tanks IPOs | 2026 VC Outlook with PitchBook & CB Insights | ByteDance @ $550B | Ep26"
channel: "[trading places]"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJLE4yiAAQY
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 74368
---

# Iran Tanks IPOs | 2026 VC Outlook with PitchBook & CB Insights | ByteDance @ $550B | Ep26

## 视频信息
- **频道**: [trading places]
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJLE4yiAAQY

## 转录全文

I think my bold prediction is that LP appetite will not come back fully this year. &gt;&gt; If you try to play this out based on the current distribution of players in any given AI agent market, there are certain markets that see higher competition, probably higher labor displacement because of it. &gt;&gt; Do you feel like we made the wrong choice jumping into the secondary market 5, six years ago, or you feeling pretty good about that choice these days? Well, I think when we did it, we were just a little bit ahead of the game, but it feels like it's one of the three ways to get liquidity now. Welcome to another week of Trading Places, the world's worst, horrible, most terrible VC podcast. Except according to my mom, she thinks it's great. &gt;&gt; Yeah, mine does, too. &gt;&gt; We took a look at Augment's Power 20 list when we first started the show, maybe back about six months ago, but I think we're going to start looking at it a little bit more frequently. Augment compiles this list from a bunch of other services. So it's it's not exactly, you know, the most traded or the most valuable, but a combination of all those things. That top uh six or seven list seems about right. SpaceX, Anthropic, OpenAI, Androl maybe kind of coming up with a bullet. Dan Rick and Stripe again, XAI now part of SpaceX. So that that one will become merged with SpaceX. And then, you know, RAMP I could see being on that top seven list as well. Some people might put bite dancer Canva in that top seven list. Well, let's let's move on to um the news about Anderoll. And uh Aman, this is kind of one of your favorites, right? We actually have this in our portfolio and it's been uh moving pretty aggressively, right? It is. We actually invested out of our third fund at the $14 billion valuation round. Marked it up to 28 at the end of last year. It looks like they've now closed on a $60 billion valuation. They are they're a defense contractor. They're a weapons supplier to the US and uh and a few other governments. Now, we've covered them before in valuation corners. They um we highlighted this before. They've doubled their revenue to four billion and so tremendous forward progress on on their contracts, on their revenues. They're losing money about a billion dollars. So, I guess that's uh but that's not that's not surprising given what they' said before. And Thrive Capital are leading the round. So, there's there's new investors and new capital coming in. This is a kind of founders fund baby. It started with Founders Fund and has some Founders Fund DNA and at the at the company. So, um it's one that we followed a long time and it's interesting that's in the it's in the top three on that list of augment companies. Now, we haven't raised that much money, so you wouldn't think they would necessarily be in the top three, but definitely a lot of momentum, a lot of excitement around this company. Palmer Lucky sort of fits this profile of very sort of charismatic, out there, you know, CEO, definitely storytelling and fundraising, you know, in the same vein as maybe Sam Alman and Elon Musk. He's got a larger than-l life personality. Do you think that helps from a fundraising standpoint? &gt;&gt; He is controversial, I guess, in ways that are maybe different or maybe not as healthy. I guess Sam Alman and Elon Musk are also controversial, so maybe that's not the maybe that's not the determining thing. He's had some successes before, but he seems to pick fights with people and and maybe that's a little bit of a a distraction. I actually think Brian Shy was the co-founder and and co-CEO uh is a good compliment. So, I think having someone like Palmer, you know, at the top being able to raise money and set the vision, but someone like Brian and the team around him who are also uh very capable are that's kind of the combination you look for. And so, I think he's I think he is definitely a a positive for a lot of folks. Palmer is definitely, you know, he's he's able to raise money. He knows who to talk to. He's been very successful with the Founders Fund group as as has Brian who's from Founders Fund. So, I think he's just part of a great team over there. &gt;&gt; Well, maybe uh in contrast to those folks, uh Daria Ammedai, not not known for being maybe as out there and and storytelling as Sam and Elon and others, but he had uh done an internal memo that I guess was talking about he hadn't done enough asskissing with Trump and dictator style praise. and that memo was leaked and maybe that wasn't the best move for them while they had just been designated as a supply chain risk and now you know Dario's backpedaling a little bit still saying that they're going to challenge that ruling in court and is anthropic a woke company Aman do you think their stance in you know trying to push back on some of the AI for directing autonomous weapons and mass surveillance right &gt;&gt; yes on US citizens and those were the the two red lines that Daario had drawn and said if we're going to sell you AI, we don't want them to use we don't want them used for these purposes, which I think as a company you've got, you know, you have a you have every right to say how you want your technology to be used or not. And typically the Pentagon would say, well, if you don't want to play by your rules, then we we we we wish you well and we'll part ways and we'll go with other suppliers like OpenAI. I think what um what was interesting about that that tiff is it it actually began with and this was kind of under reportported but Hexith initially tried to invoke the defense production act which essentially allows them to say if you don't want to sell us your technology we can take it for national security purpose &gt;&gt; and then kind of then he kind of backpedalled and went on to well we'll designate you a supply chain risk which means you can't work with the US government and if if anyone working with us is working with you then they'll get suspended as So that is a very unusual move and one which is here to for has only been applied to foreign companies. It's just it's never been applied to US companies wasn't was never applied to US companies. &gt;&gt; So I I actually think anthropic is you know this is back to do you want to be controversial as a CEO or not. Palmer Palmer I just ding Palmer lucky for being controversial as a criticism and I guess Dario is being controversial but I actually see both of them as you know principle doing what they think is the right thing for the company to shareholders. I think the US government is probably reacting a bit here and and I think there'll be some sympathy for anthropic and you know I think they'll be fine in the long run. &gt;&gt; Respond. &gt;&gt; I am officer Alex Murphy Detroit Police Department. &gt;&gt; That won't do. &gt;&gt; Ammon, what do you see going on in the IPO market? We we have a couple of IPO stories this week. We're going to talk about Metronic and a few others. &gt;&gt; It's a bit of a a tough week as I referenced up up front. So, let's start with going back to February 26th. So, when we were taping our last podcast last week, the NASDAQ was sitting at about 22,800 900. There were military activities in uh in Iran with the US and Israel led invasion. The overall NASDAQ only dropped about 2% over the course of the week. So, that doesn't seem that doesn't seem like a lot in terms of a downdraft in the market. The market's actually holding up pretty well. Oil prices started off when we were filming uh last week only up about 3 or 4% which in the grand scheme of things is is really nothing. &gt;&gt; I I wonder if that's going to change though. I I would guess in the next few weeks if the straightfor is still blockaded for a few more weeks we're going to see oil prices skyrocket. &gt;&gt; Let's talk about what the what the last week showed and then we can hypothesize about the future. But the NASDAQ did go through a lot of daily girrations. So these are the daily lows and highs in each on each day in the markets. Let's take as an example late March 3rd, Wednesday, March 3rd. The NASDAQ opened that day or it closed the prior day at 22,700. It dropped over 700 points at the open and then it bounced back so that the overall loss didn't look to be as bad, but the intraday volatility you can see was about 700 points. And so when you get these 3 4% moves in the NASDAQ in a given day, the fact that the overall market is down only 2% for the week is a little bit misleading because it suggests that volatility has gone way up. And when volatility goes up, I think the IPO market has really suffered. So let's talk about oil prices. So to your point, when we filmed last week, oil prices had only gone up about 5%. As of today, they're up about 30%. We're actually seeing close to $90 a barrel on um Brent Prud. And so I guess the question is well how long does this go for? This volatility which affects IPO markets. Is it a week's thing? Is it a month's thing? If it listen to the Trump administration they began with this is going to be weeks, 4 to 8 weeks. Now it feels like months. Uh Hexith has said the right thing which is we're going to be there as long as it takes to achieve our objectives which makes sense. But we don't know how long this goes. Well, one one way to figure out what the market thinks about how long this goes um and how how high the price goes is look at futures markets which price in all kinds of information about the market and then figure out what forward contracts that will look like look like and you can see what the price of Brent crude right now looks like in the futures market. It's a very unusual forward curve. So the short-term May contracts are over $85 a barrel but if you go out the next 369 months it drops back to $70 a barrel. You almost never see this in futures markets. It's called something uh something called backwardation. Um here's a little lesson in commodities future trading or options trading if you will. So our listeners can learn something. Backwardation is a situation in futures markets where the price of the near-term option is higher than than the than the price of the longerdated option. It's very very rare. Like this is like the yield curve being inverted or something. And the fact that we're seeing this backwardation means that the market thinks at least we're probably in this for the next three months at least $80 plus in terms of Brent crude, so higher oil prices, but by the end of the year we'll be back down to the 70s. That's at least the you know with the market's think. &gt;&gt; So the market thinks this war isn't going to last very long or at least the impacts of it aren't going to last very long. Is that is that what that's saying? &gt;&gt; It is saying that the price of oil, which I guess you can think of as a proxy for the the length of the conflict. Yeah, that's going to that's going to be a three to six month thing. So, not not weeks, but also not years. And the result has been, you know, now the IPO markets are pushing back because this short-term volatility is making it really hard to price an IPO. Like, you price it at 10x sales, 15x sales, 20x sales. When you see your comps moving around by four, five, 6% a day, it's hard to do that. Um, so one casualty was PayP IPO owned by Soft Bank. They were going to raise a billion dollars. They've now said they're going to suspend the road show and and and wait week to week. Two other IPOs, not as big, but also just, you know, telling I guess Clear Street and Liftoff uh Liftoff's a mobile company. Both of those were interestingly sized IPOs. Both of them delayed indefinitely now. And then one IPO got done, which is I guess that's the good news. Minimemed, which is a Medtronic unit, but they dropped 8% on Friday. Just pick the tough data price and um dropped 8%. They're only valued at about 2x revenues, 5.3 billion in in uh total market cap. So they raised less than they thought. They were valued less than they thought and they dropped at the open. And so those are all, you know, negative signals on the IPO market. So I kind of think those big IPOs under top seven or whatever list are are probably still fine. Um but anyone who's kind of a weak IPO, non US IPO, challenge category, any kind of hair on the story, I think those are probably out of favor for at least the next few weeks and maybe a few months. I think one other IPO that had been off again on again which is on the horizon is the Cerebras IPO and I guess this was sort of notable that they had tried to do an IPO offering last year. Um there were some questions about interactions with um I believe it was a UAE company that was backing their IPO and those are finally settled and it sounds like Cerebras uh is listing. They they just done a recent raise at $23 billion valuation and now look like they're going to tap another2 billion from the IPO market. Um do you think this gets done Ahmad? Do you think this is on track? &gt;&gt; You know I'd be kind of surprised to be honest. This is a company where they had initially gone to market in October of last year and the issue with them was just that 87% of their revenue comes from one company and it doesn't it doesn't really matter you know the any kind of revenue concentration is a problem. It's it also happens to be true I guess as you pointed out that that one company was G42 which is a Abu Dhabi &gt;&gt; Abu Dhabi &gt;&gt; firm &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; which I guess at this particular point in time isn't the most stable region in the world but &gt;&gt; 87% revenues from &gt;&gt; 80 87% of your revenues from any one company is enough I think to kill most IPOs in a typical IPO environment. The good news for Cerebrus is they pulled their IPO. They raised a billion dollars at a $23 billion valuation and uh and now they're back with different investment bankers. They're going with Morgan Stanley this time, not City and uh and Barclays who were in the book last time. I think it's a good sign for them that they can be back in the market. The fact they could raise money in the private markets is really good. I'd be a little bit surprised just given the current environment and that revenue concentration from that region if they if they can actually pull this off. &gt;&gt; What are you Robocop crimerevention unit OCP. &gt;&gt; Better. Much better. &gt;&gt; Well, I guess there's another public listing which isn't exactly uh a public listing and that's the Robin Hood uh RVI fund which launched. So, this is a public market vehicle for private companies. It's down a little bit from the listing, down 11% but still this is a collection of private companies which is packaged in a venture fund that is publicly listed uh under the ticker RVIN. Do you think that uh the public market presentation of private companies is now a retail phenomenon? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it's it's an interesting idea, right? It's the the idea is that it's a uh it's a closed end fund. You raise money from nonacredited investors to invest in this fund and then the fund goes out and raises uh spends that money on the top 8 10 15 ventureback companies that are at the discretion of Robin Hood. So you're trusting their managers to make good bets. Um that's a little bit different than maybe a uh an index fund where they actually index into the you know the augment 20 for instance. There is discretion here because they can't get on get in on every deal. I think it's an interesting idea. They um I think they've picked a bit of a tough week to price. Um but at the same time they didn't do great, right? They were targeting a billion dollar raise. They only raised about 658 at at last call. So they were a little bit under under the mark they were going for. I think one of the problems or one one of the challenges maybe with the fund is the these are the companies that they have uh set their they're targeting. So they've decided to go after a couple of interesting names that are on our list. I mean, if you were a fund manager, Dave, and your and you're selling to consumers, so not to sophisticated financial investors institutions, but you're selling to your mom and my mom who love our podcast and you told our moms, hey, we're going to have, you know, ramp and mercura, Aerowix, boom. I think my mom would be like, I don't know, we're SpaceX, where's Open AI, where's anthropic start &gt;&gt; and something with consumer something with consu consumer cache, you know, bite dance. Spite dance is a weird one, but Tik Tok, give me Tik Tok. Give me those companies. These ones that they've chosen may be great companies, but I don't know. And we love we love data bricks, we love ramp, we've you know, we love Stripe. We've talked about them in our pod. Revolute's interesting. I just don't know that this is the best way to lead with um uh retail. And so I think that plus just pricing last week maybe means that the fund underwhelmed. Well, I think one thing that we're sort of seeing is that even though everybody's really optimistic about the IPO market in 2026, uh random events can throw that off base, whether that's, you know, tariffs or wars or other macro, you know, shocks that might change whether those companies uh go public or not. I I probably agree with you. I think SpaceX will happen. Uh Elon wanting to have a birthday present in June and you know, all the stories about SpaceX seem like that's not going to derail it. and probably OpenAI and Anthropic, you know, if they happen this year or early next year, the those seem more likely given all the retail awareness of those companies as well. But I agree with you, the rest of them, it's not quite clear. You know, even data bricks and Canva, which I think and Stripe, which are on a lot of people's radar, may or may not happen. But I guess regardless of whether all these IPOs happen, uh the secondary market keeps marching forward. And uh I guess two records that were set this week. Um one if we're talking about uh venture secondary specifically, Pitchbook came out with their report for 2025. So Pitchbook basically said that the VC secondary market exceeded 100 billion in 2025. I think it was 106 billion according to their numbers. And then Evercore also released a report about the larger secondary market, not just the venture secondary, but this includes private equity as well as other categories. And that was listed at 226 billion. Um, so both of those were records, whether we're talking about the larger secondary market or the venture secondary market. Uh, seems like secondary markets continue to expand. Doesn't seem like that's going to be ending anytime soon. Do you do you feel like we made the wrong choice jumping into the secondary market five six years ago or you feeling pretty good about that that choice these days? &gt;&gt; Well, I think when we did it, we were just a little bit ahead of the game, but it feels like it's one of the one of the three ways to get liquidity now and uh IPOs and M&amp;A being the other two. Very clear that those markets are growing and will keep growing for a while. And I think the concentration, we're seeing the concentration of the top seven or eight continue. But if a couple of those big companies get out this year, SpaceX and uh let's say Open AI or Anthropic or one one or two, I guess it also means the concentration of the on the top seven will diminish in the secondary markets and other companies will have to rise to take their place. And so I think it's going to be a um I think the IPO market being a little bit on hold is just, you know, reinforcing secondary as a real tool. And if a couple of those big guys get out, I think it's going to bring a lot of capital back into the venture system and that'll fuel additional secondary interest. So, I'm I'm forecasting a really big year for secondary this year. &gt;&gt; A brief commercial uh advertisement here. If you think about our strategy for secondaries, I guess where we're in line with the rest of the market is, hey, this is, you know, a way to skip the early volatility of the first five to seven years of investing whether we're talking about companies or funds. Uh that leads to sort of faster liquidity, hopefully better returns as well. But you know we we show some of the graphs from our website that talk about getting earlier DPI and ideally we want to get you know significant DPI in the first five years. That's not common for most other venture funds but let's say 0.5 to 1x back. But I think this is where we kind of diverge from the rest of people's you know secondary strategies. This idea of secret stallions and really talking about companies that maybe aren't on everybody's radar but are more likely to you know sort of generate positive returns. And you know, we're we're not saying the private Mag 7 and premium decacorns aren't going to be good bets. Those those are amazing companies, but your ability to get access to those companies at any kind of discount is probably limited unless you're, you know, really close to those companies. You're probably going to be paying a premium. You're probably going to be investing in maybe, you know, possibly one or two levels of an SPV. Um, but if you go past that top 30, 40 companies, um, that's where we think there's a lot of value because these companies aren't on everybody's radar. they they are doing well. 50 to 200 million in revenue, maybe market cap between half a billion to five billion. Um, but they're they're just more available. There's more of a buyer market there. Uh, not quite as much of a sellers market as, you know, the top private Mag 7 and maybe the rest of that market. &gt;&gt; Clarence Bger, you are under arrest. You have the right to remain silent. You So, one part of the secondary market that maybe not everyone understands is this thing that we call a tender offer. And uh this is where the company arranges a secondary offer on behalf of either employees or early investors or both. Am you want to explain kind of how tender offers work? The general idea is that the uh the company will bring in new investors into the company and they will tell those new investors we'd like you to make an offer to any of the existing employees or shareholders that meet our qualification list. Typically company will put some rules around who can participate in a in an offer like that. So you have to be an employee in good standing. You have to be there for you know more than a year. I was one of the first CFOs who did this when I was at Sonos. This is back in 200 oh 2012. if we did a a employee tender offer and we set the qualification at employees who are there for two years or longer. So you have to have vested shares or RSUs or vested options, you have to be there for two years or longer and then the investor comes in and uh and sets a price for the company. Let's say $9 a share. Any employee who wants to sell can sell at that $9 a share price. If there's more sellers than buyers, there'll be some kind of uh matching or praada allocation so that all the employees who want to sell get taken out at the typically at the same price. It's a very controlled process typically by the company with new money and allows employees to get some liquidity before the IPO or before the shares that they have become liquid. So, it's a great retention tool for recruiting and a great way for employees to get some compensation. &gt;&gt; Isn't this I guess a little bit different than how the market used to view this kind of sale maybe 5 10 years ago? I I think probably most management and CEOs would have viewed employee secondary offers as not a good thing. Maybe you know people get their money before the work is done to get the company you know public and that seems to be shifting now. Why why do you think that you know market shift has happened? Is that related to just how long IPOs are taking or is that retention thing that you're talking about more important now? &gt;&gt; I think it is really the latter. So when I was at Sonos, the argument I made to our board was, hey, Sonos was founded in 2002. So we've been private for 10 years and we've got key employees in in the company who've been illquid for 10 years, including our COO and just people who are working for a salary that's way below what they get in in the market. This is a real part of the compensation. At PayPal, you and I could take money off the table every quarter if you wanted to. Imagine being locked up for 10 years. SpaceX was founded in 2002, 2003, so they've been illquid for 24 years. No one's no one's going to be a motivated employee getting paid once every 24 years. So, you can sort of understand why SpaceX and Sonos and some of these companies that aren't liquid are creating liquidity for their employees just as a way to retain people, recruit people. Um, what's interesting about Decagon, which is doing it now, they're a three-year-old company. So, they're not even most vesting schedules are four years, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Really early. &gt;&gt; Very early. But they're on I think they're on the right track, which is if I'm going to hire an employee and I and I give you something that is uh valuable but illquid. The first question the employees going to ask is, "Well, what is it really worth? You're telling me it's worth, you know, $100,000 on paper. I can't use these options to put my kid through school or to buy a house. Uh a four-year investing schedule. I get it. I want to be here for four years. You're going to lock me for four years for the majority of what I earn in terms of equity. Give me something. give me something every year where I can enhance my income and actually pay bills. &gt;&gt; And I think this is just the right way to manage employees. Uh my investors at Axel were very supportive back in 2012. Most of the investors on our board were not. They were like, "We don't want to allow secondary sales. We why is your CEO selling?" I'm like, "Dude, he's selling because he wants to put a down payment on a house in Santa Barbara." Okay. Um and now I think investors uh Axel was again ahead of the game. Now I think all investors are much more comfortable with these secondary structures where they understand a little bit of pricing uh control is good. Letting employees participate on terms that the company sets that's good. Allowing employees to take some amount of money off the table on a uh annual basis that's just good for retention, recruiting and for employee morale. And they they understand and the motivation behind it now much better than 5 years ago. Well, I don't think this is the only company that's been doing employee tenders. That seems very popular with other AI startups. So, 11 Labs, Linear, and Clay have all done employee tenders. Clay's actually done two employee tenders in less than 12 months. Um, and I think we're seeing other companies, Stripe, and Data Bricks, and Canva do somewhat regular employee tender offers, at least maybe on an annual basis. seems like that's becoming much more of the trend at least for these larger companies that are you know preipo and potentially for even younger companies that are AIcentric and really having to compete for their employees that you know as you said maybe you know somewhat semilquid shares is an important part of their you know offer package and retention package for their employees. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Our last story today will be a crypto story and I guess a company that's been in the news previously and might be an IPO later this year is Kraken. Uh Kraken is one of the first crypto companies to win access to the Fed's core payment systems. I guess on Master account man, could you explain what this is all about and why is this important uh for the crypto industry? Well, it feels like a uh a milestone for the crypto industry because it's for the first time allowing a digital asset company to have access to the um the Fed payment system, Fed Wire. Um the biggest advantage, I guess, is that they can move money in and out of crypto digital systems much more efficiently than before. If you're trying to send money through a from a bank wire transfer, um here in the US, you're using Fed Wire, which is the u most established, most efficient payment rail. If I'm sending you money through an alternate private network, let's say what uh you know, Bitcoin or something else, decentralized network, I'm using the a different set of rails, that's also efficient, but it's it's efficient Bitcoin to Bitcoin. If I'm trying to use if I'm trying to send money in and out of the system, so using Fed Wire, now Kraken, that's something that Kraken can do. They can send money through Fed Wire to connect digital asset networks and infrastructure systems. That's just enabling it to all work more efficiently. So you don't have different isolated payment rails. I think it's a big vote of confidence in Kraken. I know some of the banks are concerned that these crypto digital asset companies don't have the same regulation or controls on moneyaundering that banks have to put up with and that's a legitimate push back from banks. But allowing these companies access to the most efficient payment rails that we have in this country I think is a really good thing. the government's been much this government has been much more supportive of crypto assets whereas I think the Biden administration saw it as a bit more of a threat to the US currency and the monopoly over the currency plus controls over you know money laundering or um or AML they took that a lot more seriously but I think this is a this is a signal that this government is allowing digital asset companies to have access to the most efficient payment rails and uh and we'll probably have some compliance issues that they'll have to deal with but that they're willing to you know work with the companies on that so I think overall a very you know a very positive deal All the crypto companies ought to be very excited about this that they can they can now move money in and out of their systems across Fedwire and if Kraken is the is the first that's a really good signal for the industry. &gt;&gt; All right. Well, it's been uh another interesting week in the secondary market and the public market. I guess we'll wait to see what happens with uh IPOs next week. &gt;&gt; Yeah, indeed. We have with us uh two amazingly insightful venture capital data nerds. Uh Jason Saltzman from CB Insights and Emily Zen from Pitchbook. Emily's been with us several times before. Welcome back, Emily. And Jason, thanks for joining us. &gt;&gt; Thanks for having us. &gt;&gt; All right. Kind of a slow news week. Hardly anything happened last week. I I don't know. We'll have to make something up here. But both of you guys have come out with 2025 reports. Uh anything anything new to note? Any anything surprising this year that uh we haven't heard from, you know, all the folks in the market. Yeah, I would say a big theme in 2026 has been these mega IPOs that everyone's been talking about with OpenAI, SpaceX, Enthropic, uh potentially going public this year and how that would impact the secondary market because it is incredibly topheavy like on Hive uh the top five names um have garnered over half of the trading volume in Q4 of 2025. And what I ultimately think is going to happen if one or all these companies go public is we are going to see a huge dip in volume in the secondary market. That's inevitable because so many dollars are going to the top. But I also think that this will be temporary and overall will expand the overall universe of companies that can be traded and will eventually be a good thing for the secondary market. But I would say don't panic if things suddenly drop off a cliff in 2026. It's just part for the course for something greater in the coming years. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm looking at your report and this graph shows the quarterly share of VC secondary market by the number of companies and I guess this means at least in Q4 the top five companies were half the overall market volume. Uh the next 15 companies were another 30% of the market volume. So, you're correct, Emily, that is incredibly concentrated. And what happens if three of those five companies go off the trading floor, private trading floor, I guess, onto the public trading floor? Uh, will that will that collapse our secondary trading volume or do you think people will just keep trading with the next most popular companies? &gt;&gt; I think eventually people will trade with the next most popular companies, especially in like similar sectors like AI, which have experienced a lot of tailwinds in recent years. Um yeah, it's just right now like everyone wants a share of these biggest names because they're household names. Um and just um have a lot of growth conviction and so once they are in the public markets I think attention will be shifted elsewhere. Guess it depends on how those perform right like if they do well I guess if they let's say one goes probably not all three go together but let's say one goes it performs well all of a sudden you'd think all the secondary bers got in a year ago two years ago are now ahead they're making money it's like proof proof of concept and there's like another 20 companies I know they're not big right now but it seems like there's another there's a long list of companies you have on that list whether it's uh data bricks or canva or others that that might step into that or stripe that might step into that breach. But I guess if the IPO doesn't go well, right? Like if it trades down during lock up and everyone's underwater, maybe that's that's what we should be concerned about. Is that fair? &gt;&gt; That is fair. And that's what we've also been seeing like recently like a lot of the IPOs that happened in 2025 are underwater or like much lower than their debut price. Um so that also brings up the question like what are we seeing right now? there hasn't been a lot of IPO activity, but I think the IPO window did and is like currently like partially open. We'll just have to rely on more like certainty and less volatility in the market, which we also aren't seeing right now. &gt;&gt; Jason, you guys uh also came out with a report and I'm looking at the TLDDR for that report right now. What do you think are highlights that we should be watching in 26 and anything you took away from what happened in 25? I think the biggest takeaways and this is going to be no surprise to anyone is that AI has consumed everything and sort of continues to &gt;&gt; I've never heard of that before. &gt;&gt; It's a crazy thought and to use a very big word right has become quaversal and I don't even know that I pronounced that correctly. &gt;&gt; Yeah. uh it's at the point where it sort of subsumed everything right you know at this point creating a taxonomy around what is AI and what is not is very hard and so for us to look at this right we're now starting to look at where in vertical applications at the infrastructure layer and at the different sort of horizontal outlets for AI are we seeing the most attention and most you sort of what comes after the foundational models right to the point on what happens If I guess now three of those companies including XAI under SpaceX all go out to IPO. What is next? What sustains the right? I mean you can look here at the most funding companies in 2025 and see that you know the top three right will put scale in whatever par you know air quotes or asterisk needs to get put on that deal and the structure of it. The remaining three are the foundational model developers. And so what fills that void to the question that you were asking, right? I think there's a lot to happen in physical AI. There's a lot to happen at what that next layer of infrastructure is that enables these companies to probably reach a little bit more of the profitability that they will be will be demanded of them or I mean at least the path to profitability that will be demanded of them in the public markets. Right? to what comes in underneath them to fill that gap is a lot of where we're seeing the next wave of attention. Well, I think from your own report, the thing that seems to be coming next, robotics is a big story. Whe whether that's really different from AI, I'm not quite sure. I guess it's the hardware version of kind of, you know, what AI does to software, robotics is doing to hardware. Um, we're also seeing some crazy numbers there. And I don't know, do you think these valuations make sense? I I I sometimes wonder whether, you know, hardware valuations are expecting market share and revenue that's not quite there yet. &gt;&gt; I mean, I think the issue promise of hardware is that it's a longer time horizon, right? You anything deep tech is a longer time horizon to actually get out into the world used and proliferated. And so what we're going to see is a lot of these are bets that won't be realized for years to come. And the promise, right, you know, if you go and you look at manufacturing and you look at the fact that 85% of warehouses in the US still have zero automation, you know, you that's the promise, but that's a very very hard thing to go and flip a switch on, right? Especially with a lot of those warehouses that aren't Amazon or Walmart or pick your other major retailer owned warehouses, you know, they they don't have quite the same incentive to go out and immediately jump on the techlers. They're not operating at a scale out past their current operating ability. &gt;&gt; I'm protected, man. I've got protection. &gt;&gt; You have the right to an attorney. &gt;&gt; What is this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] somewhat different than the software AI frontier model is I'm not sure the US is ahead on robotics and I wonder if a lot of that value is going to be captured by Chinese robotics companies not US robotics companies um do we think that valuations have now settled postzer and post22 or there still uh unicorns or busted unicorns out there that are maybe held at valuations that are not uh realistic these days. &gt;&gt; Yeah, a lot of companies haven't raised since the pandemic era and we recently launched our valuation estimates which is on our platform that uses AI to um provide a more up-to-date um valuation for a lot of these companies that haven't raised in the past couple years. We saw that a lot of um these unicorns or so-called unicorns have fallen below the $1 billion threshold. And I think that's really important to note because we've seen the number of down round and uh flat rounds increase over the last few years and I think that is going to continue and that is for companies that actually raised around and there's so many companies that haven't raised in the last few years. So um this is a really big issue I think that is going to continue. But I would say that valuation resets or just a reset to more like fundamentals is a good thing for the market because there are golden handcuffs that come with these really steep um these really steep prices that can't be justified anymore. and being able to move forward with exit opportunities, more deals and such will be a good thing for the market overall. And &gt;&gt; it says in your pitchbook report about 222 of the almost uh 900 unicorns, so maybe about a quarter of the market uh have seen market values drop below a billion. I wonder how many that haven't dropped below a billion actually have dropped uh but just haven't been reported, &gt;&gt; right? Um, do you guys think that there's still going to be more down rounds and more repricing that is yet to happen? How much longer do you think before reality really sets in on the valuations of those companies? &gt;&gt; Largely, we're already seeing it, right? You know, if you take that number, right, we we have our predictive score for every company, and when you look at the,300 plus unicorns that we track, checking year-over-year movement in Mosaic, right? to the company success probability, right? 53% of all of those unicorns are worse off than they were a year ago. And so looking at that, if a quarter have already seen or roughly a quarter have already seen their valuations drop below a billion, right, whether that's realized or sort of a little bit more ethereal, the the path we're on is sort of a great separation of I'll use the phrase zombie corns uh from the you know the the unicorns that are going to continue to see their momentum realized and you know sort of head on that continued unicorn to decacorn. to exit at a unicorn valuation path. &gt;&gt; Do do you guys feel like valuations are just fundamentally momentum driven or are there still people using traditional valuation analysis to price the market? &gt;&gt; At what stage &gt;&gt; and for and for what companies? I mean, right, I can you could go and look at any of the companies that have been founded by the hottest names in AI and we can talk about say super intelligence or world labs or whoever else and &gt;&gt; cursor recently I guess &gt;&gt; cursor right I mean cursor cursor actually I think you could look at on fundamentals they have products in market they're making revenue and they're not these completely unknown bets on someone figuring out what a world model is and how it interacts and how it has implications for everything from enterprise to robotics to consumer to I mean you can't price those based on financials. We're we we're all guessing. We're also seeing that time time between rounds for AI versus non-AI companies is starting to diverge rapidly, right? So nonAI companies are sort of far past the 18 to 24month time frame at every stage and AI companies are you know sort of compressing the last time I looked at the data you have about a quarter of AI companies that are raising multiple rounds within a 12-month period. &gt;&gt; Yes, exactly. And as you can see here, the stepups for AI companies are much higher than uh nonAI companies across the board um from preced to series D plus. And I think that's just really showing that the growth of nonAI company valuations even if they are um technically a step up isn't stepping up quite as much. Yeah, it looks like at least a 20 30% premium on the average step up from round to realm for AI companies versus nonAI. &gt;&gt; And and a lot of that is reflected in the commercial maturity of these companies, right? We're seeing them land larger deals with larger clients faster than nonAI peers or previous cohorts of, you know, even if you just look at new unicorns born, right? Previous cohorts of new unicorns, right? New unicorns are born more commercially mature at this point than they were in the in the Zerp era or even in previous era eras earlier than Zerp. &gt;&gt; Anything you say may be used against you. It's &gt;&gt; Emily. There's a chart that you guys have seeing the three different paths to liquidity. And on the left side, we have secondaries, I guess, that split between direct and GPLE secondaries. This didn't used to be as big as the other two, and now it's almost the same size as the other two. I'm expecting we'll probably see a much larger public listing amount this year, at least if one or two of those big companies goes public. It'll probably distort that completely. But I I think maybe the untold part of this graph is these numbers don't really look the same for early stage VCs versus late stage VCs. And you know, at least from my own experience as an emerging manager running 500, you know, very few of our companies we we held until IPO. We usually were participating in some kind of secondary sale along the way. Uh we we might, you know, hold all the way to IPO, but we we probably got some liquidity via secondaries. Do you think that that's skewed more more than before? Now, uh are we going to see more early stage fund managers, more a angel investors seeing their exits from secondaries than from other methods? &gt;&gt; I would say yes. Uh secondaries have really solidified themselves as like a viable liquidity source and a dependable one and I think this growth is really a testament to that. And the question will be more of like will startups be more like accepting of these secondary sales and also um will more market participants be able to benefit because right now as we mentioned earlier it is so topheavy and you know if you're an investor in SpaceX like great you won the lottery right but what about everyone else right so I think overall like this will become like a more ingrained part of just like the liquidity cycle and fund managers also will look to secondaries to see okay like this is a great company like the it has a great business model but it's not growing at the venture scale that we need so why don't we sell this in the secondary market and get some liquidity and reinvest in our biggest winners because as like deal sizes grow like it's changing the venture game like slowly but surely and that is another reason why I think secondaries are becoming a more solid part of the overall venture ecosystem. &gt;&gt; I'll pop my screen up for a second here. When we look at the participation of companies in either tender offers or shareholder liquidity rounds sort of outside of the growing wave of marketplaces that are the hives and that cohort, but official rounds, right, you're seeing growing participation across a broad swath of private companies, including the youngest cohort of companies. And so to me that signals that there's a lot of opportunity for sort of emerging managers or early stage VCs to find that liquidity and not have to hold for quite as long, right? you can sort of participate in these rounds early on. Let that step up happen to the data that Emily shared earlier and then get maybe not the same absolute return but you know a meaningful return that then can be reinvested into later rounds in the companies you have the most conviction in. Yeah, this even brings up a bigger question about like VC funds and like the 10ear timeline that has been talked about quite a bit in the venture space. And if VC funds end up becoming more like 15 years, then not every LP will want to hold a position for that long and they will look to the secondary market either to get access to companies or to sell their positions earlier and just get some lock in some returns. I guess if I think about secondaries, you know, happening at around series C companies doing at least, you know, 50 million a year in revenue, my my guess is that's somewhere around year 7 to 10. So I I don't think it's maybe 15 years to get any kind of secondary uh liquidity, but I think Emily's point before, you know, if VC funds were only 10 plus two vehicles, you're you're not really hitting the IPO window for a lot of the investments that you made uh in early stages. you may be seeing, you know, secondary opportunities at least when you're halfway through your fund. Do you guys have any data on when people are starting to see material DPI happen in their funds? And let's just say that that's anywhere from 0.5 to 1x. What's kind of the time frame that you think or you expect to see DPI coming back from early stage funds these days? &gt;&gt; We do have pulled VC fund DPI by like age and vintage year. It's not published yet though. So I I can only share like pretty high level but um basically it seems that let's see if like 1x it's it's tough like I think like 20 2015 like vintages like the like older ones are doing a lot better than like 2020 vintages are doing &gt;&gt; pretty poor. &gt;&gt; That's a great I would guess. Yeah. No, I think we don't we don't need the like actual numbers to understand that like narrative like it's it's been rough and like um the the market has been at a deficit since like 2022 with uh contribution contributions far outweighing distributions and um that has been a reason why fundraising has been so tough and why so many eyes are on liquidity right now because that's what is really needed to restart the venture flywheel. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I mean, I think I think to the broader exit landscape and the broader liquidity landscape, we just there aren't enough exits to sustain liquidity and returns for the majority of funds that aren't in the biggest names as that sort of shrinks down, right? We're starting to see a good wave of AI M&amp;A and AI exits, but again, I think most of that ends up being concentrated in what I'll call the top tier funds. you're not seeing as much of that spread in the way that it might have been a little bit more evenly in prior generations. I think also on the other side of the tail end as well like for M&amp;A like a lot of smaller companies are getting bought as well and there's a lot of uh no disclosure on the total acquisition amount which really brings to question like okay if this was really a windfall for investors they would have disclosed the amount but there was probably a significant markdown so that's another &gt;&gt; and a lot of these new aqua hire style deals are done as pure equity deals And so they're not exactly returning money to investors if there are any investors, right? I mean, you take the ultimate example of Open Claw recently, right? Peter had no investors, right? Like it's is one is one dude in a garage in Austria figuring out how to break the internet forever more. Every dollar that uh OpenAI gave him in equity or paid him in cash went to him. There's a nice payday, I'm pretty sure. No, no delusia there. &gt;&gt; Not too shabby. &gt;&gt; The capital that is flowing into the physical AI space uh continues to be massive. And so again, I don't know that we're going to see the outcomes or the impact of that immediately, but it's where the bets that are three, five plus years out are being made now. I don't know that there's an expectation for returns immediately or even commercial traction immediately there. Right? You look at figure as the canonical example here that was on the chart that you threw up earlier, right? They famously don't have something a product in market and they're raising billions. The same with most of these world model companies. There is so much promise that is being funded that won't be realized. Do you feel like there's a different set of requirements for companies going public now than had been the case in the past few years or I guess you know is it is it just a revenue number that's much higher or does there have to be a completely different story for these companies to get out the door? &gt;&gt; A lot of it is the story. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And for what we're seeing is that a lot of the policy tailwinds that have been coming from the Trump administration and certain sectors like defense and aerospace like crypto like that window has opened. Yeah, I do see like, you know, some other companies that aren't uh shiny objects and don't have, you know, either AI at the end of their name or some kind of space or defense tech angle. These companies are doing, you know, fine. They're continuing to generate revenue, but they're being crushed by the lack of a vibe or lack of story in their in their markets. And I think we've seen at least the threat or concern about AI crushing SAS and crushing insurance and crushing wealth management companies. You know, Anthropic comes out with a new plugin and all of a sudden you see, you know, compression by 10, 20, 30% in public company valuations as a result of, you know, a product release by Anthropic. Um, just seems like it's tough market for companies that are just doing normal software revenue profitable growth. Hit the gas, Murphy. &gt;&gt; The posted limit is 35. We should set an example. An &gt;&gt; your hair looks lovely. &gt;&gt; Well, one of the things that Aman and I try and do every week is go through a valuation analysis of a company. And you know, usually I would say we start from a fundamental approach on those companies, but that's becoming harder and harder when some of those fundamentals are, you know, 40 times revenue, 50 times revenue, even even more in a few cases. I I guess I wonder if the Vibe story has more legitimacy in the public market than actual fundamental valuations these days. &gt;&gt; I mean, at this point, right, you we can take the SpaceX example. How do the two of you value SpaceX at this point? Right. Is it a Is it a sum is Is it a sum of parts? Is it a Well, they're sort of the only people doing this, so I have to &gt;&gt; It's not a sum of the current parts for sure. I think you know that's a really interesting example because in the space of maybe less than a year it's gone from the company that we looked at as a fundamental valuation based on Starlink revenue and commercial space launches to now a company based on either data centers in space or the colonization of Mars terraforming of Mars and Aman even went back in time to look at you know historical examples of exploration the East India Company and you know other you know really expansive uh stories that were the only parallels we could think of for you know how SpaceX is being valued in the future. I I admit Amanu gave us some creative examples for how to like value and think about uh SpaceX but they're literally being you know guessed at 10-year in the future sort of product revenue opportunities I I would say. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And there's of course the Elon premium. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I think it's credited as uh Sam Alton maybe not at the level of Elon but Sam Sam is a pretty phenomenal fundraiser storyteller that seems like a lot of what's happening in OpenAI the imagination on what it can do in the hands of the right CEO can be really interesting do you feel like in the private sector in the private markets are you seeing that uh you know certain CEOs are are uh able to generate that kind of momentum that kind of fundraising buzz do you feel like that's uh that is that something you guys look at or something you try to try to isolate for in in the work that you do. &gt;&gt; Yes, we look at the management caliber of all of the companies that we evaluate and have c codified in our data science that feeds into Mosaic a score for management teams. The reality at Sam or Elon scale is we're talking about one one of one or one of handful type individuals that are operating on a game they're inventing. Uh like to to make it as uh opaque as possible in that comment. Uh &gt;&gt; it's well said. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but I I don't know that Dario Amodai fits into that mold. In fact, I would say almost the opposite. You know, he's not this expansive storyteller. &gt;&gt; I would argue the company has really somewhat been undervalued historically and you know, now based on actual growth and actual numbers seems to be gaining ground um on Open EI at least up until last week I guess maybe maybe after &gt;&gt; well I mean &gt;&gt; you know being declared a national security risk. Well, but if you &gt;&gt; I was say if you look at if you look at the anthropic or claw downloads in the last week, right? You know, the &gt;&gt; it is not inherently the worst decision from a commercial viability that he could have made. Yeah. You lose out on massive government re contracts and revenue from that. But in terms of fake brownie points one, &gt;&gt; do you think the downloads were a result of them being rejected by DoD or just organic adoption that was happening anyway? &gt;&gt; No, I I mean I think this is a reactive, &gt;&gt; right? You're going to get people that are &gt;&gt; people before and then because the defense department banned them. &gt;&gt; No, it's not even that. It's that who's getting banned? I got to download that they took No, it's that they took a stance. &gt;&gt; I mean, there's a there's like a morality, right? There's like a technomorality to this of if I have to as a consumer choose a side. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; One of one of these you I mean like it's almost like identity politics. It's identity technology adoption buying product. &gt;&gt; I think this was also riding the wave of uh open AI including ads into Chad GBT and anthropic really coming out against that. So this was just more fuel to the fire. &gt;&gt; I I don't know. I wonder whether I I don't think of Anthropic being an explicitly woke company, but you know, re rejecting the Defense Department's usage guidelines might put them in that category. &gt;&gt; Just based on the data, the number downloads definitely spiked last week. So, there's something to be kurfuffle with the defense department that seem that they seem to have been able to capitalize in their favor. And and I don't it seems like there's one step short of being woke, which is I don't I don't have to believe in all those all the leftwing values that that canotes, but if you're being told by the defense department that you know you got godless and product and they're telling you what to do and I'm sympathetic as kind of a moderate or centrist or somebody non ideological, but I like your technology. I like the fact that you will protect your technology that you want to make sure it's being used in the right way. Yeah, maybe, you know, maybe that's a that's a favorable marketing uh benefit that they that they got and uh and I guess that we'll see if that sustains, but it's quite possible that this goes away and this is just a negotiation and you know, maybe they find some deal with the government and they have the best of both worlds. So like they take stick a stand, but the same time maybe they still win back some of that government business and some of the contractor business. Well, I uh I know we've covered a lot of topics today, but uh I wanted to ask you guys for sort of one bold prediction for the coming year. And &gt;&gt; I think my bold prediction is that LP year. Honestly, the market has been too uncertain and liquidity has been too uncertain and with the geopolitical events going on, I don't think that is going away anytime soon. And I think that will also tie into like mega funds like maintaining their dominance like emerging managers um and smaller managers do have a lot of value but right now with all the volatility and all the exposure that LBs can get from these mega funds um the dollars that will be deployed will favor them um quite a bit more. &gt;&gt; So the rich get richer and the middle class and emerging class get poorer. So Emily, you think it's going to be worse this year for for uh micro funds for outside of the mega funds? You think it'll be less LP money, less fundraising? It'll be worse worse this year than last year. Same same as last &gt;&gt; I think fundraising has bottomed out &gt;&gt; last year. A little bit better. No, &gt;&gt; I think it will be better than last year, but that's also like a low bar. &gt;&gt; You can't bounce back until you hit the ground. &gt;&gt; There we go. Jason, how about you? anything uh controversial we can drag out of you here today? &gt;&gt; I mean, I think the biggest one is going to be the continued labor displacement from AI adoption. And I don't know that that's truly controversial at this point. I think we would all like to or many people would like to sit around and say that it won't happen, but it will. I mean, and you can see it. I'm sure all of us see it in our day-to-day lives and the work that we do. the even just something like cloud co-work or whatever else makes life that much faster and that much easier that &gt;&gt; I mean I right I'll I'll say there there were there were charts I threw up today that in 20 minutes of playing with claude coowork it would have taken me 20 minutes to explain to our incredible incredible design team exactly what I wanted and the real you know sort of the ability to as basic as or as fundamental as something like cloud co-work or as specific as you know this new era of vertical AI uh agents and tools that have now reached you know a certain adoption level &gt;&gt; the Jack Dorsey slashing h or 40% of block is not the last of that that we will see this year I &gt;&gt; think Jack's out in front of that change but I I wouldn't be surprised to see at least a lot of tech companies making 20 30% cuts this coming year and and I would expect even traditional non- tech companies to start making cuts. I don't know if that'll happen this year. I still feel like those that wave will be maybe another year or two out, but I I completely agree with you. I think we're going to see pretty substantial cuts in job workforce across the board, &gt;&gt; right? Like if you try to play this out based on the current distribution of players in any given AI agent market, right? There are certain markets that are going to be that see higher competition, higher adoption and because of it already, right? I mean, customer success is probably going to be the canonical example of that uh to start. Uh and then you see certain sectors that are either hard harder to solve for um or haven't quite gotten the enterprise adoption that you know yeah I don't think we're going to see this like massive upheaval of manufacturing jobs uh yet. But I do think it's coming. H &gt;&gt; well, I I hope both of you get to keep your jobs uh ahead of the robots and ahead of the agents in the coming year, but uh &gt;&gt; you too. &gt;&gt; Thanks. Thanks for joining us. Yes, I I think I'm going to be put out to pasture very quickly. Aman's already told me my work isn't measuring up and Claude's kicking my ass, so we'll we'll see how long that lasts. But thank you guys for joining us today and appreciate all the data and insights. &gt;&gt; Thank you for having us. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Thanks for having us. Thank you for your cooperation. Good night. &gt;&gt; I'm going to do this without my uh partner Dave Mccclur. So, I'm going to be a solo GP today. He is traveling in Boston. So, we're going to cover Bite Dance 2.0. They are doing a tender offer at a $550 billion valuation this month. The seller is General Atlantic, one of their primary institutional shareholders. We had covered them in October of last year at a $330 billion valuation when they were doing an employee secondary tender offer. We thought they were a great bargain at $330 billion. We thought that because we did a sum of parts on the company. You can see the pie chart on the bottom left. 65% of the business is in China. There's about 15% of their revenue related to Tik Tok, part of which is in the US, but also a big part of it is uh outside of the US. And then they have some other properties as well that are valuable. Um we had looked at all those properties. We'd gone we'd gone deep on each of them, did the sum of parts, and thought that anyone buying in at the offer price of $330 billion last fall would do great. And indeed, the company's done well, and now it's a 60% step up from last time. So the question is do we think that the new valuation of 550 billion is uh too high, too low, or right on the pin, but is actually what I think it is. Let's go through some metrics for the company. So they did 186 billion in revenue in 2025. That's up 20% year-over-year. Very profitable company. Now they're showing $50 billion in net income or net profit. So a net income margin of 27% which is a little bit of a change than where they were over the past couple of years. definitely improved profitability. You can see here their valuation history from 2020 to 22 they had a valuation of 180 billion and they' held there for three years even as the market was crashing around them. And you can see the the black dotted line is where the secondary market has priced the shares. In 2021, the secondary trades were at about $300 billion plus and then the secondary market around the company corrected to the low 200s, but they never really did a down round. Every time by dance has raised money, they've been able to success successfully raise up and to the right, which is a good signal for them. And it just shows that they've been able to make steady business progress. Now you see the big jump from 330 billion at the beginning of last year to $550 billion today. It's the first really big jump in the company's valuation. So, here's how I would do a sum of parts for the company to see if this valuation seems right. They have a large China property, which is, as we said, twothirds of their sales. Over 700 million users. The name of the property in China in uh in Mandarin is Do Yin. I think I pronounced that correctly. My my younger daughter studies Mandarin Chinese in school. I'm sure she can correct my pronunciation. The question really is for Do Yin and their 700 million users. What do you put as a sales multiple on a company like this? Well, you have a couple of options using social media comps. One is the best-in-class, which would be Meta, which trades at about eight times sales here in the US. That's a pretty generous multiple to put on any social media company. Meta is the leading property here in the US. They've got the most stable, the most cash flow generative business of all the social media properties. They also have a diff a very diverse set of revenues from from uh properties like Instagram and a little bit of WhatsApp as well as their Facebook main page. So that's probably a generous multiple to put on doen. The worst case I think would be Snap which is uh subscale not growing very quickly 10% year-over-year have struggled to make profits at all. I think Snap is just, you know, probably not the right comp because it's just too pessimistic. Meta might be too optimistic. I'm going to pick a number right in the middle and just say four times revenues. I'm sure Dave can argue with me on whether that's too high, too low, or just right, but let's just let's just put that as a stake in the ground and see where that takes us. So, four times revenues for Doian. Not best-in-class like Meta, even though they're growing as fast as Meta. They're as profitable as Meta. There is a bit of a China discount in here as well. So maybe that's one reason why they shouldn't be getting 8x, but I certainly think it's it's north of 2x. Okay, let's talk about their non- US business now, which is Tik Tok. There are 700 million users of Tik Tok worldwide. They are not just a US company. Only 15% of Tik Tok users are in North America. There's a whole lot of them in Asia Pacific, primarily in Indonesia, Pakistan, and a bit of Japan. Uh they're not operating in India where they are banned. There's a lot of European users of Tik Tok. The UK, Germany, and France all have 30 million or more users of Tik Tok. Italy and France are right behind. And then in Latin America, principally, Brazil, and Mexico, there's another 15 or so percent of users. So, this is a global business and should be treated as such. You can see the growth in their user count across all regions has been very, very high. Um, very attractively for demographics. 74% of their users are below the age of 34, which is a prime advertising demographic. You advertisers used to pay up for younger and then more active users. And look at the activity, the average minutes spent per day on Tik Tok. If you have a if you have a daughter like I do who loves Tik Tok, you know this to be true. Tik Tok has on average 70 minutes per day being used on their social media platform, that's twice as much as what Facebook or WhatsApp or Instagram have. So a very very engaged young, energetic, attractive audience that you want to go after if you're an advertiser. So now let's think about what a multiple on Tik Tok revenues might be given that they have this fast growing base and it's a very active engaged base. Again, we have some choices. Um you could go with the best-in-class meta multiple eight times sales. Again, maybe generous for the reasons we said before. It's certainly this is a a bigger property and more engaged and probably more ad friendly than Snapchat. So, I think 8x is probably optimistic. 2x definitely pessimistic. The profitability of a company like Tik Tok isn't quite where Meta is, at least not yet. I'm going to just pick a number here and say 6x as a as a multiple in revenues is about right. So, let's assume that that's correct and see where that what that implies for the overall valuation. So, again, billion $480 billion valuation. That's four times their current revenues. If you're going to be a kaggen and don't give me the credit for a sales multiple or multiple in revenues and you want to stick to something more traditional like profits or cash flows, we can do that too. Doian would be at 12 times profits. Okay. Tik Tok in this valuation framework is about six times their last year's revenues, $138 billion or if you will 20 times 25 times profit. So right in line with the S&amp;P 500 which is 22 times profits right now. So that's sort of the value of the company, right? That's the China business. That's a non-China business. One thing you've got to do is you have to remember now there's been a restructuring since we last spoke. Uh their Tik Tok business in the US has been restructured. So let's just do another sum of parts and break down break down Tik Tok non US value that at $60 billion by dance continues to own that. Tik Tok US valued at around $80 billion. Let's say 8x on you know their current revenues just to use meta as the comp there. about 30 times profits. Bite Dance no longer owns the entirety of that Tik Tok US business. They only own 20% of that business. The other pieces of the business got sold off to Silverlake and MGX which now own 15% each. Oracle owns 15% of it and then other investors including Michael Dale's family office and Sysuhana and uh Fidelity and a few others own the remainder. So you have to attribute that, you know, that 80 that $80 billion value of Tik Tok US and make it only about 20% credit to Bike Dance. So those really become the sum of parts for what the company is worth. So let's add it up. You got 480 billion from Dian. Uh you've got 60 billion from Tik Tok International and then you've got 16 billion from Tik Tok US. That to me is a pretty good way to value the company and it lands us right on top of where their current valuation is of 550 billion. So I feel like at the current valuation that's now close to the pen. I might also add there are other properties and assets that we haven't included in bite dance in China. Um they have a they have the dominant news service in China. It's sort of like Buzzfeed a lot of user generated content in there. It's established a leadership position in China with about 15 to20 billion in revenue. Not growing very quickly. News in China is obviously a heavily regulated industry to say the least. So there are issues with it, but it's not worth zero. There are other properties too. My daughter loves Cap Cut and there are a few other properties that Tik Tok owns and that Bite Dance owns that are worth something. I'll also remind you that as a condition of the license agreement that Bite Dance signed last year, they retain 20% of Tik Tok US, but they also have a license agreement to collect 20% of the revenue generated by the new US entity as long as it's using their algorithm, their special sauce algorithm. So that is an annual payment stream an annual revenue stream from Tik Tok US to bite dance of about current course and speed 4 billion 5 billion annually 20% of current revenues growing by 30 40 50% a year whatever the revenue rate is in in Tik Tok. So that's again a nonzero asset that I haven't really counted into this valuation. One final way just to do a sanity check I think on the overall valuation to see if it feels right. Let's take a look at this graph. This is the this is a graph showing on the y- axis the sales multiple you've got the growth rate on the x-axis. You can see you've there are some slow growing properties in uh in China like Alibaba Bayu. They're both you know growing at sub 5% a year. So less than the GDP growth of those countries and they're valued at about two times sales. You've got Snapchat here in the US on the on the page as well growing at about 10% a year but unprofitable struggling to show any kind of pro any kind of return on capital at all valued at 2x sales. You have someone like Pinterest who's growing at 15 to 17% a year. They're able to achieve growth and profitability there somewhere around 3 to 4x sales. I think Bite Dance is coming out a little bit north of Pinterest in terms of the the multiple that feels right. They're far more profitable than than Pinterest or that any of these other properties. They're growing in the high teens or maybe low 20s. So they are a growing company, very profitable. They're using AI as a competitive advantage and they have a tremendous lead in the markets that they are dominant in in particular in uh in China and some of those other markets we talked about. Um 10 cent has a multiple a little bit higher than bite dance growing at a similar rate maybe a little bit slower. So just based on that comparable, you know, based on other China comparables by Dan seems like it's pricing below the line, meaning the multiple is favorable, meaning it's it's probably a buy for the company. You can see Meta pricing at or maybe above this line of best fit. Um, I think that's legitimate. Meta is probably the best company out there in terms of social media presence, the greatest global scale, probably they got the highest profit margins, the most diverse revenues with different properties that they're in. And then way off into the right, you've got Reddit, which is a very fast growing, 70% year-over-year based on last year's numbers and and the multiple proves it out. So Reddit is kind of at or above the line. Meta is the best in class. And I think Bite Dance is sort of proving itself to be right right in line with what you'd expect given those given those comparables. So my conclusion um I don't know if Dave would agree or not. I guess we can ask him any returns is that I think Bite Dance at the current valuation is uh it was a bargain last fall. It's kind of right where it should be this spring. Thank you for listening in. Appreciate you guys tuning in to our pod and uh we'll see you uh see you next week. All right, welcome to our very bad podcast. I can't make that sound right. Dave doesn't makes it sound clever. I just make it sound like we've got a very bad
