---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: ADBE
title: "Adobe CEO Shantanu Narayen On India & Why He Is 'Thrilled' With AI Adoption | WAVES 2025 | CNBC TV18"
channel: "CNBC-TV18"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: bU4kq9lBPQk
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bU4kq9lBPQk
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Adobe CEO Shantanu Narayen On India & Why He Is 'Thrilled' With AI Adoption | WAVES 2025 | CNBC TV18

**Channel**: CNBC-TV18  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bU4kq9lBPQk

## Transcript

What is Adobe's big bet on the Indian market and why are you betting so big on this market? Well, fundamentally we believe that everybody has a story to tell. And if you can enable these people to tell the story with applications with the power and precision that they want as well as ease of use, then we're delivering some value. Right? You have a billion creators uh here in India and we want every one of them to use Adobe products, right? uh and we also have an incredibly talented set of creators. If you think of the film industry and how India has dominated the world scene, we want every one of them to create more using our products. Right. And you know, I think the last time you spoke to us uh last year, we're talking about you know AI, how Adobe is integrating AI. as things stand today, you know, how far have we come in terms of using AI as a tool to enhance creativity and productivity for for the tools that you have like a Photoshop, like the Acrobat Reader, etc. Uh, you know, how have we and how has the growth since then been? I think the team at Adobe has done an absolutely incredible job of incorporating AI. Let me give you a couple of examples. You know, there are trillions of PDFs around the world. And if you can have a conversational interface with a PDF and ask questions and compare the PDF you're reading to another PDF, that immediately enhances all of the knowledge management in an enterprise. So, some great value delivered through AI assistant. Thrilled with the adoption that we've seen on Photoshop, right? when you have the ability to do things like generative fill where maybe the picture size was not right or the resolution was not right and we can make that you know perfect for you using AI you know what the mind imagines we want to be able to do it and so that's another great example and then uh you know in video we recently showed at the National Association of Broadcasters show let's say you had an actor and you didn't have the actor available to change a voice or to be able to extend a scene Now you can do that through AI and so the immediate uh benefits are obvious but I think the most important one is most people have a fear of a blank screen and the way to converse or have a prompt to start the creative process is so much more natural right and you know the fact that we can allow you to do that and we can get inspiration from either a template or somebody uh has created a piece of content that I think is immense value and how are you seeing users adopting to these tools, right? It's and can you give me a sense of how that adoption's been in India also because you've said we have a billion people here or more you know how's that uh how's that response coming from India also where does India stand in all of this well the response from India has been amazing and I'll tell you a story that sort of reflects you know when we were first introducing Firefly we were looking at the traffic and where the traffic was coming from and there was an incredible amount of traffic from India and then one week the traffic suddenly subsided did and the team in the US wasn't sure what it was but as a cricketer I knew it was the world cup India was playing you know the final and so that just shows the volume of traffic from Indian creatives is immense and so we've been thrilled with the adoption we've been thrilled with how they're adopting it for local uh but you know uh this market will continue to be a really important market for us moving forward you know some of the points that you mentioned sort of brings brings up questions about uh you know ethical concerns whether it's you know being able to use create voice using AI. How are you uh sort of dealing with that? Well, Adobe has really pioneered two things. The first thing we pioneered is the Firefly set of models that we have created. Yeah. Have been created using uh data that we have licensed for and we're unique in that and so you know designing content and models with content that we have licensed for. I think Adobe is one of the only companies that have done that. And then the second thing is through the content uh authenticity initiative we're enabling distributors of content such as CNBC to actually say we can digitally sign our piece of content and so you get the right attribution and content provenence is known. So I I think in both those areas Adobe has really pioneered not just creation of innovative applications but taken our responsibility to do it in a differentiated way very seriously. Right. So you know in closing I just quickly want to touch upon uh the kind of innovation that's happening everywhere right so how do you view the competitive landscape for you because you also have competitors like Canva that are doing very similar things and they're growing you know and also given the larger macroeconomic scenario in the world right now with a lot of you know regulations probably coming up with respect to AI and you know usage of AI technology from the US to the world uh how do we navigate the situation I think there are multiple questions in that I mean the First is data sovereignty has become an important thing and we have data centers all all around the world so that you know the content that people want to create we respect data sovereignty so that was one question and I think that uh is going to just continue globally I think the second question was around many more companies in the space and I think it's wonderful you know I think having more companies in the space uh you know forces us all to innovate and uh Adobe has been known for pioneering products and uh we love the fact uh that there are more people focused on creativity. When you create as large a market as Adobe has created globally, it's bound to attract more people and I think it only serves customers well. So you're not worried about the regulatory part globally. Last question. You're not worried about the glob regulatory uh you know what how the regulations could change or what the US administration could put in as it looks to protect uh technology within the US. We've actually been a pioneer of AI ethics and actually working with governments all around the world whether it's in the US whether it's in the UK France India to share the best practices of how they should think about regulation where regulation is important how it's ethical and how you take that responsibility and so this is an evolving space uh and we're honored to participate with governments all around the world right wonderful thank you so much Mr. and for the time and for speaking to CNBC 18. Thank you. Thanks for having me.
