---
ticker: COIN
type: youtube
title: "Where Will Coinbase Stock Be In 5 Years?"
channel: "The Motley Fool"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tigelZYOI6o
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 9710
---

# Where Will Coinbase Stock Be In 5 Years?

## 视频信息
- **频道**: The Motley Fool
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tigelZYOI6o

## 转录全文

I think Coinbase stock could triple over the next 5 years from about $255 per share to over $750 per share as this leading blockchain company rides the tailwinds of the industry and its ability to innovate into the future. And to explain why, I want to start with the company's business model. Coinbase is a leading blockchain company. Brian Armstrong says they want to update the financial system that starts with the company's centralized exchange. That's what the company is known for and has driven over $4 billion in revenue just over the past year. But Coinbase has also become a go-to exchange for institutions as well, becoming the custodian for some of the biggest financial companies in the world. When you see the launch of things like Bitcoin ETFs, it's likely that Coinbase is behind them actually holding that Bitcoin as the custodian. They get a fee for that and that's part of their technology advantage in the market. But they also have a lot of innovation happening on the base blockchain. That's the blockchain the company has built. It's a layer 2 on top of Ethereum. And what that does is it allows the blockchain to be much faster, more efficient, and cheaper than the Ethereum blockchain itself. So developers can build on top of the base blockchain, building all kinds of new applications and potentially changing where we denote ownership of digital assets in the future. We're very early in the development of the base blockchain. But this is where I think a lot of innovation is going to be happening. And the reason this is important is because the base blockchain is a platform for Coinbase. But there are other services that the company offers as well. They have a wallet. They offer credit cards. They offer staking solutions. So you add all of these things together and you get a company that had $6.7 billion in revenue over the past year and generated $1.5 billion in net income. So a high growth business, an innovative business, and a profitable business. And as the blockchain becomes more central to the economy, that's going to become a critical driver for the company. But let's not forget about the company's potentially biggest asset that they have right now, that is the USDC stablecoin. Coinbase doesn't even operate the USDC stable coin. That is run by Circle. That was their partner that they created the USDC stable coin with. And as part of an agreement a couple of years ago that actually ultimately led to Circle's recent IPO, Coinbase gets to keep 100% of the reserve revenue for all the assets that are on the Coinbase platform. and then they split 50% of the reserve revenue for everything off of the Coinbase P platform. As a result, Coinbase generates more revenue and more profit from the USDC stable coin than Circle does. And Circle, as I'm recording, is about a $ 24 billion company. Stable coins are generating over a billion dollars in revenue for stable coins over the past year. That could continue to grow as the market cap of the USDC token has about doubled in the past year. And if interest rates rise, remember that revenue from the reserves that they have will continue to increase. So all the tailwinds behind stable coins are is going to drive value to Coinbase through that USDC token. Don't forget about that point of value. But let's go through the company's performance. Coinbase is a $64 billion company as I'm recording. It was a pandemic darling. That was when the company IPOed, but it dropped through the crypto winter hitting lows in late 2022. But since then stock is up about 670%. But what's most important is the company's operating performance since 2022. Compound annual growth rate for revenue is 40% and the company's gone from a net loss to a net profit. They're also generating positive free cash flow. That improvement in the performance is coming from everything from more trading to higher stable coin revenue to more other revenue which includes all of those smaller products and services that I talked about earlier. Everything from custodians to wallets to staking. All of those segments of the business are growing at a very rapid rate and have a lot of runway to grow as the blockchain becomes a bigger piece of our digital future. So let's start with the company's bullcase and I think there are really three keys to the bullcase for Coinbase stop. First of all is tailwinds that we have behind the traditional cryptocurrency industry. Crypto trading, the base blockchain, all the traditional things that we think about as crypto today. Those could continue to grow for the foreseeable future. Coinbase is growing internationally. They're growing into more products like futures and options trading. All of these could be potential tailwinds that could double or triple the size of that business by 2030. There's also stable coin growth. I think this is going to be really key for Coinbase and for the blockchain community in general. It's very possible that by 2030 we're going to be paying for a lot of things with stable coins as opposed to paying with credit cards. When you pay for something with a tap on your phone, you're using very expensive credit card rails that were actually built for the physical world. The blockchain is built for the digital world. So, it's more efficient, lower cost transactions, and a merchant would actually get that money immediately. That is ultimately very attractive. So, as you start to see more credit card fees, 3 4% fees for using a credit card, those fees, if you're paying with USDC and with stable coins, should be much lower, potentially as low as zero. I think that will continue adoption of stable coins. Companies like Stripe are adopting stable coins at a rapid rate and that's going to increase that USDC market cap and the revenue that is coming in from the USDC token. What happens from that? Coinbase can offer rewards to its users to keep those USDC tokens on its platform and they can help build infrastructure that replaces some of the payment rails that we have that can involve the base blockchain, the Coinbase wallet. All of these infrastructure plays really grow on top of each other. And then we have a lot of optionality for Coinbase in the future. These are those unknown growth areas that we can't necessarily predict five five years from now. In 2020, we didn't see the base blockchain coming. We didn't see approved ETFs coming. But Coinbase has talked about tokenizing assets. So that could be a piece of real estate, a piece of art, game assets, stocks, bonds. There's a lot of potential value in tokenizing assets and then allowing those assets to be traded just like a cryptocurrency or an NFT has been traded. Coinbase has that functionality in their ecosystem and has the custodian capabilities to be a combination of AWS, JP Morgan, and Google on the blockchain. those identity solutions where you're accessing your Coinbase wallet and the Coinbase exchange behind the scenes. That is ultimately where there's going to be a lot of value for other developers to be building on top of Coinbase and that is going to keep driving the company's growth long term. But of course, there is a bare case as there is with any stock and there is the potential that Coinbase is not going to win on the blockchain. There are a lot of exchanges and Coinbase does not even have the number one position globally. That goes to Binance. they could lose market share in revenue from those exchanges, margins could also decline. That's something that's been predicted for quite a while. So, as centralized and decentralized exchanges grow in popularity, that profitability of those exchanges may come down. Crypto trading may not be the revenue generator that it has been in the past. in the future. And stable coins may not disrupt the financial ecosystem in the way that I think they could. Since trading and stable coins are the two biggest revenue drivers for Coinbase if those things do not continue the momentum that we've seen over the past couple of years, that could be major tailwinds for the company. And it's very possible that we could see Coinbase go back to the losses that we saw during the 2020 crypto winter. But what's my prediction? I think Coinbase stock could triple in value. And there are a couple of reasons. The valuation that investors are paying today is actually more reasonable when you think about the assets that Coinbase has on its balance sheet. I talked about that value that they're generating from the USDC stable coin. If you add in Coinbase's stake in Circle stock and the value from the USDC token based on how the market is valuing Circle, that stake in the USDC token in Circle is worth at least $24 billion today. That is a huge portion of Coinbase's $65 billion market cap. On top of that, the existing operations trading for less than 10 times sales. That's a pretty reasonable valuation for a company that's growing at 40%. And there's a lot of optionality to grow. The balance sheet also has about $6 billion in net cash when you add the cash USDC and then subtract out the debt. So, it's a phenomenal balance sheet for Coinbase. When you add all these things together, I think the opportunity for a disruptive company in a fast growing market is just too good to ignore. This is a stock that I think could grow tremendously in value and be one of the most important financial institutions by the end of this decade. But what do you think about Coinbase stock? Leave your prediction in the comment section below and let us know about your research and insights. And of course, check out fool.com/invest to get the top 10 stocks to buy right now. Thanks for watching everybody. We'll see you here next time.
