---
ticker: COIN
type: youtube
title: "Coinbase Stock (COIN): How it can 5x in 5 Years (Base & USDC)"
channel: "Market Mavericks: Talks"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uapj56YOyQc
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 12903
---

# Coinbase Stock (COIN): How it can 5x in 5 Years (Base & USDC)

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Market Mavericks: Talks
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uapj56YOyQc

## 转录全文

Today we're going to talk about one of the largest crypto exchanges in the world, Coinbase. And no, I have not suddenly turned into a crypto bro, but rather I am interested in Coinbase's latest launch of the base network app, which essentially is an app store built on Ethereum's blockchain. Apple has imprinted money with their 30% cut off of their app store transactions, which shows the potential for Coinbase. Before we get into quantifying the potential, let's explain what Coinbase's base network is. Base is a user-friendly interface that overlays on top of the Ethereum blockchain. It addresses the trifecta of issues with blockchain's usability by having a clean interface comparable with what most mobile apps look like versus having to transact with 12digit computer syntax codes directly on Ethereum's blockchain. It is also able to drive transaction costs much lower through batch and it's able to transact almost instantaneously since it doesn't experience the same congestion that users have when is acting directly on Ethereum's blockchain level. Now there are two ways that Coinbase should continue to benefit should their base network continue to grow. First, what we alluded to earlier in its role as an in app store and taking a cut out of any transactions done on the base network. Apple's app store rad in over 10 billion in revenue last year, which just shows the potential in Coinbase as a toll booth app store provider for the blockchain. Second and perhaps most important beneficiary is through their ownership of the USDC stable coin. When Circle IPOed this summer, Circle stock popped over 170% over the exuberance for USDC stable coin potential. Less known though is that Coinbase actually keeps greater than 50% of the interest revenue on USDC stable coin. As the base network grows, I believe that USDC's value will continue to grow since the utilization USDC will actually increase and have merit which should drive the value and more interest in USDC. We can see the utilization USDC continuing to grow here in this example of Shopify. Shopify announced a partnership with Coinbase to leverage the base network to accept USDC stablecoin as a payment method. In this case, Coinbase makes money by taking a fee from the transaction, similar to how Visa does on a credit card payment. And indirectly, it can also benefit as USDC is now being spent on real products, making USDC more likely to be held in Coinbase wallets will drive interest revenue for Coinbase. Now the key question remaining is what is in it for customers to pay with USDC and thus hold USDC in the in an account with Coinbase instead of holding in dollars in their Charles Schwab wallet or Bank of America wallet. Well, first reason is that USDC allows holders to earn high interest yields up until they decide to spend it. Second is transaction fees is much lower and it's actually less than a penny rather than a 1 to 3% cost on credit cards. Thus, if paying by a stable coin, merchants can then pass on some of those savings to incentivize payments away from the 1 to 3% credit card fee. Third is USDC is a digital global dollar. So a customer can make a payment and buy something from a merchant in a whole another country almost instantaneously without the 5% average remittance markup um that is usually done on those global transactions. We cover Shopify's merchant payments, but other use cases are really in global remittances in which it can completely disrupt this industry by replacing the middlemen commonly Western Union, Remittly, Moneygram or Wise with a Venmo on blockchain like app or in this burgeoning area of AI agents who are getting paid fractions of a penny for each API call and task that a AI agent does. is too small to pay with credit card for these fractions of pennies. But USDC on the blockchain can't handle this payment. Ultimately, base network success is to drive the utilization of USDC through its marketplace of apps. Increasing utilization of the stable coin should drive its value up, which will benefit Coinbase with Coinbase's greater than 50% collection of interest. Every transaction done on the blockchain will also generate a separate fee that Coinbase can collect. This would really allow Coinbase to transition from a simple crypto exchange into the Apple of Finance where Bass acts as the app for any decentralized finance application. So let's quantify how successful roll out of this base network and the growth of USDC can contribute to Coinbase's stock performance. The key difference in a bullc case that I see for Coinbase in 2030 is a greater diversification in its revenue. Today over 70% is from tradein. I want to see it go to 30% by 2030. In this bullcase scenario, train revenue doubles from today, driven by higher Bitcoin prices and greater institutional ownership in crypto ETFs in which Coinbase is a custodian for majority of these. Staking cryptocurrencies is minimal today, but projecting that this can grow into a $4 billion business for Coinbase should institutions see value in staking, assuming that crypto prices continue to increase. base network today is minimal, but bullcase assumes it get to $6 billion revenue run rate. This is about 50% of what Apple makes from its app store. So assumes that the base network really becomes a mainstream app downloaded hundreds of millions of times and handling millions of transactions per day. Lastly, the key money maker will be USDC stable coin grown to be the top revenue generator. This would require the USDC stable coin to replace a significant portion of the global crossber payments market and have some utility in global e-commerce purchasing. Overall, the 2030 bullcase assumes revenue growth from $7 billion to $30 billion. For net income, they historically have massive swings, but with more of their revenue tied to high margin interest on USC or through transaction fees, I believe they can maintain a net income margin of 35% with a lot less volatility. For PE ratio, this would be comparable to Mastercard or Visa as a toll booth for payments. So would trade at a premium PE. I'd give them a PE of around 30 vers 35 for Visa and Mastercard. Putting all this together gives Coinbase that 5x potential in 5 years at a $315 billion market cap. The biggest question to ask is whether the base network will drive this revenue growth in services and interest from $2.4 billion today to $19 billion in the next 5 years. Before we share our thoughts, please read the disclaimer in the notes below. We're not financial adviserss and anything we say should not be considered financial advice. Also, if you like content like this, please help us out and click a like and subscribe to follow us as we analyze most innovative companies twice per week. Now, let's evaluate Coinbase through our frameworks. From a leadership perspective, Coinbase gets a very strong. They are founder led by Brian Armstrong who built up Coinbase starting in 2012 before crypto was mainstream. His emphasis on collaborating with regulators has been lauded as a set of Coinbase as a trusted custodian for institutions. His vision to expand Coinbase beyond a crypto exchange into a decentralized financial system for the world has been measured, but I a huge fan of this growth engine for him. For valuation, I give Coinbase a neutral. I am not interested in paying $60 billion for Coinbase as a crypto trading app as Robin Hood and Charles Schwab would be more appealing for that. I am however not convinced that their base network will be as wellreceived as it needs to be to reach this growth. It would require people who are currently not interested in crypto to see the value in stablecoin as a utility enough to open up a Coinbase wallet and enough to convert their hard-earned cash into crypto. Coinbase has got a 100 million users already signed up. So, the early adopters have already been convinced to go to crypto. So, the next wave of this customer signups will be much tougher. For revenue and profit growth, I give Coinbase a neutral. Currently, 70% of their revenue is tied to tradein, which is indirectly tied to the price of Bitcoin in order for them to be profitable. This is not a resilient business that I like. Narrative-wise, I do believe stable coin growth will continue to be driven by the new Genius Act passed over the summer to legitimize stable coin applications. I am worried though that as interest rates decline, this is a headwind for USDC which makes Coinbase and circle money with its float on Treasury yields. For total addressable market, Coinbase gets a very strong. The global remittance market has been cited by remittly as being $22 trillion. This is a big enough market for stablecoin to gain some market share of, especially as it's the lowest cost provider. Lastly, for secular tailwinds, I give them a neutral. I can see blockchain's benefits, but I am bothered that it hasn't captured mainstream acceptance yet. Before this Gen AI craze, blockchain was a craze where companies will put blockchain in their name in hope for a stock bump. Problem is, blockchain usage just hasn't come close to hitting the projections set by industry experts at the beginning of this decade. Overall, I am a no for Coinbase. I applaud them on their effort to transition to a payments infrastructure service until I see some growth to confirm acceptance is just too early on right now. I would want to see several apps built onto base network reach mainstream success to validate this hypothesis. Doing this analysis though does make me interest in learning more about USDC pure play circle. So look more into them for a future episode. What do you think, Dad, as you review Coinbase? &gt;&gt; Thank you, Scott, for that excellent presentation and analysis of Coinbase Global. So, I'm I'm going to do my analysis for Coinbase, symbol CO N. The company fundamentals, it has no dividend. The beta is 3.69, which means it's 269% more volatile than the S&amp;P 500. The market cap's around 68 billion and earnings comes out in February of February 12th. So that's a neutral for me. For the earnings history over the last four quarters, it's beat three of the last four quarters. So that's a neutral to positive. For the company financials, it has a 42% net profit margin, which is really good. debt to equity of 37% and a PEG ratio of around 2.9. Now for the technicals, this is the always the one that's gives me the most clues as to what what to do with the stock. The 50-day moving average is above the 200 day moving average. The 200 day moving average slope is positive, but the price is below both the 50-day moving average and 200 day moving average. For Ballinger bands, it's less volatile than usual and it's been trading pretty much between a middle and lower band for a few weeks. The slow stochcastic oscillator is five, which means it's quite oversold. When it goes below 20, it's oversold. It's considered oversold. And the signal line, the two sign line lines are almost intersecting, which could mean that it could be a perhaps a short-term pop and nobody knows because the slow cast oscillator isn't 100% uh accurate. So, but anyway, the slip cast oscillator is five. So that means it's oversold and the signal lines are almost intersecting. The MACD is negative and unbalanced volume is negative. So for that it's a neutral. And also I checked a new thing I'm checking is the one year and fiveyear returns. So for the one-year return it's 111% and for the fiveyear return it's negative 36% for Coinbase. So again, that's a neutral. And then for the analyst coverage, there's one strong sell, two sells, five holds, five buys, and three strong buys. And the analysts have between 376 and 399. That's their opinion on where it could go. The institutions are holding 61%. So that's a neutral deposit. So, Scott, I this is a really difficult for one difficult one for me to analyze. Um, there's so many questions I have for Coinbase and it's not certain that it can do what we think it could do, what what what is projected to do. For example, the the base app now may it may generate revenue, which I'm sure it will. it's already generating some revenue, but it can it can take time for the people to get comfortable with it and ramp up. So, so for me, I'm I'm going to I'm a no and I'm going to wait until the price goes down, maybe in the low 200s, I would revisit this stock. So, back to you, Scott. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Dad. Overall, we are both in no for Coinbase. Blockchain and Coinbase's strategy for future growth is a complicated one. So, thank you for sticking with us as we reviewed our analysis on Coinbase. Lots of potential, but it's too early to tell if it will happen. Well, that said, thank you for watching. Please click a like and subscribe to follow us as we aim to analyze the most innovative companies twice per week. Until next time, happy investing.
