---
ticker: COIN
type: youtube
title: "Is Coinbase Stock a Buying Opportunity for 2026 and Beyond? | COIN Stock Analysis | Bitcoin | Crypto"
channel: "Parkev Tatevosian, CFA"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5PTxPME3TU
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 7061
---

# Is Coinbase Stock a Buying Opportunity for 2026 and Beyond? | COIN Stock Analysis | Bitcoin | Crypto

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Parkev Tatevosian, CFA
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5PTxPME3TU

## 转录全文

Coinbase stock is up a little over 4.8% year to date in 2025, but it's given investors a heart attack with all the volatility. It's gone as high as $430 per share and as low as $150 per share, all in the matter of a few months, and investors are curious if they should buy this stock for 2026 and beyond. I'll answer that question in this video. I'll look at Coinbase's longerterm revenue growth and profitability profile, and I'll also discuss and elaborate my opinions on the cryptocurrency industry overall. I want to thank the Mly Fool for sponsoring this video. Visit f.com/parkev for the 10 best stocks to buy now. So, looking back at Coinbase's revenue since 2019, you'll notice a few things. First of all, you notice the growth, right? from 0.5 billion or 500 million in 2019 all the way up to 7.7 billion in the most recent trailing 12-month period. That's good for a compounded annual growth rate of 59% which is excellent. But you also notice the significant volatility. In 2020, cryptocurrencies were incredibly popular. Coinbase's revenue jumped from 1.3 billion up to 7.8 billion. its revenue has yet to recover to those moments during peak times during the pandemic. Even though it's 7.7 billion, that's below the 7.8 billion. That's because revenue crashed from 7.8 billion all the way down to 3.2 billion from 2021 to 2022. And that's a warning sign for investors to highlight the huge cyclicality of this business again right now. Well, actually today and the past few weeks, cryptocurrency prices have been crashing again. Bitcoin is down from around $125,000 to about $85,000 as of this recording. But overall, cryptocurrencies in 2025 have regained their popularity as the current administration in the United States has been more favorable to regulating and allowing more cryptocurrency activity. Of course, that could all reverse, right? Just like it did in 2021 to 2022 and Coinbase's revenue could collapse again if cryptocurrency popularity declines, as it's already beginning to do. You're seeing prices crash here in recent weeks. It's crashing today. Actually, all cryptocurrencies are down meaningfully today. My opinion on cryptocurrency and you can apply this to every asset that doesn't have cash flow associated is that they are too speculative for me. Uh and this includes gold and silver uh cryptocurrencies every single cryptocurrency doesn't matter because it doesn't have a cash flow associated. It's not a business. It's a thing and the only way to make money on that thing is to sell it to somebody else at a higher price than what you paid. That's really the only way you make money. Whether it's gold or bitcoin, the only way you make money on that is you buy it at a low price and you sell it to somebody else at a higher price. That's your only way of making money. I prefer businesses or assets that generate cash flow. things like stocks or businesses where every day during operations the company is creating and selling products making a profit. I never need to sell any of my stocks to make money on them. They will start paying dividends if their prospects continue as I forecast they will. And that's true for even real estate, farmland, forest land. These things generate cash flow based on the asset itself. it creates something that people pay for and in the process it makes a profit that you as the owner of the asset benefit from. That's not the case with cryptocurrency. You just have to hope that in the future you'll find somebody to pay you a higher price than what you paid for it, right? And I'm uncomfortable with those kinds of assets, whether it's Bitcoin or whether it's gold. So the company's return on invested capital I think is a demonstration of what it could be at scale right and you saw that in 2021 where it generated a 39% return on invested capital which is excellent right but then it crashed back to -4.7% in 2022 before rising back up now to 12.2%. And it's interesting that its revenue is almost at where it was in 2021 at 7.7 billion compared to 7.8 billion. But the return on invested capital is only a fraction of where it was in 2021. And I think that's interesting. Not in a good way for Coinbase where its revenue is back up near the peak of 2021, but the ROIC is still a fraction, one/ird of that. And that tells me that the company had to invest a lot of capital to generate similar performance as they did in 2021. So even though the revenue is up there where it was compared to 2021 during peak crypto season, it's nowhere near as profitable or as lucrative, the cryptocurrency companies and the marketers behind all of that. Of course, you have to market this asset in order to keep it popular, right? It's not popular by itself. It's popular because so many notable individuals in influencers are paid to promote this asset. There's several conferences seemingly every month and those conferences hire popular individuals to come speak at those conf uh conferences and promote the cryptocurrency to keep it going to keep that enthusiasm among consumers going. And that's really the way that the cryptocurrency industry will continue is by continuing to market the asset to newer and newer individuals. So, Coinbase is now trading at a forward PE of 40, which I think is uh slightly overvalued based on this company's profile, based on the fact that right now it's nearly back to peak level in terms of revenue and profitability is nowhere near those levels on ROIC. uh the cyclicality, right? We've seen cryptocurrency prices crash here in recent weeks, down 40,000 for Bitcoin specifically and others are down as well. And so that's going to impact Coinbase, the cyclicality of the business. All of which makes it where I wouldn't want to pay this kind of a price for this business at this level, right? It would be different if this was the bottom of the cycle and you were getting the stock at a forward PE of 40 and you were expecting huge improvement over the future years in revenue and profits for the company. But that's not the case. You're getting it at near the peak of the cycle and the valuation is at this level. Additionally, I calculated a fair value for Coinbase using my proprietary DCF model. I found the intrinsic value to be worth $114 per share. The current market price is $260 per share. So, it looks overvalued based on my DCF model as well. So, whether I measure using my DCF model or using the forward market price to earnings or market multiples valuation method, Coinbase stock looks overvalued in a highly cyclical industry. I'm not I'm not attracted to this business. And so to answer the question, do I think this is a buying opportunity for 2026? I would say no. I have it rated as a hold. By the way, did you know about our exciting channel membership program? You get so much for less than $5 a month, including dozens of exclusive videos, access to exclusive research on over 100 stocks, and early access to my many of my videos before everyone else sees them. Click that join button below to learn what this program is all about.
