---
ticker: COIN
type: youtube
title: "Watch CNBC's full interview with Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong and U.S. Senator Bernie Moreno"
channel: "CNBC Television"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8FC-D3Jimw
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 12982
---

# Watch CNBC's full interview with Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong and U.S. Senator Bernie Moreno

## 视频信息
- **频道**: CNBC Television
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8FC-D3Jimw

## 转录全文

Welcome back. Future of crypto regulation is a big topic here at the World Liberty Forum in Mara Lago. Joining me now is Coinbase CEO Brian [music] Armstrong and Senator Bernie Mareno. Republican from Ohio. Senator Mareno is one of the leaders of the negotiations in Washington and a former crypto entrepreneur himself. Gentlemen, it's good to have you both. &gt;&gt; Kind of rare to have you together. Um I I like it. So, so Brian, what is the what is the status of the market structure regulation that that you famously blocked from from passing a few weeks ago? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, we're here meeting with crypto companies, bank representatives, and senators as well to see if we can get to a solution on market structure. And one of the big issues that did come up in the past was this idea of stable coins on rewards. Um, I wouldn't say we blocked it. In fact, nobody, I think, in the crypto space has been working harder on this over the last few years to try to get some legislation. Uh what we did say was the current draft, we had some issues with it. I think that caused everyone to come back to the table. And there's now a path forward where we can get a win-winwin outcome here. Win for the crypto industry, a win for the banks, and a win for the American consumer uh to get President Trump's crypto agenda through to the finish line uh so we can make America the crypto capital of the world. &gt;&gt; Were you surpris What was your reaction when he when he after he's obviously been so involved in this and was so deep on it and then came out against the the version of the bill? How did you react to that? &gt;&gt; Well, look, I have concern I had concerns about the bill. still have some concerns about the bill. We weren't done. Uh we got hung up on the issue of rewards on stable coins, which is really in my mind really shouldn't be part of this equation. &gt;&gt; Wait, can we just explain this? Like why why people should care about this? What what the whole yields rewards on stable coins thing is about? &gt;&gt; Uh well, unless you're own a bank, you probably shouldn't care. Uh but because if you're an American consumer, uh what it means is that the cash that you hold, you're going to have competition to pay you more interest. So you're going to be able to get more money for the money that you have in your wallet or the money that you have in some sort of account. So this is very very good for working Americans because ultimately this is about giving Americans more rewards for being able to have cash uh on reserve, be able to get paid quicker, be able to transact faster, democratize the financial systems. Uh but we're going to get this bill across the finish line. But I would say when? Uh hopefully by April. Hopefully by April. I was going to say because if you you don't by the midterms and then the House goes Democrat, then what happens to it? &gt;&gt; Uh well, the House isn't going to go Democrat, neither is the Senate. Uh people say, "Well, the election were today. The election is not today." Uh we're going to win because look, at the end of the day, the American people are sick and tired of open borders. That's why we got elected. They were sick and tired of high inflation. They were sick and tired of out of control government. We're about to see a hundred billion dollar in additional tax refunds, most of that money going to working Americans. uh the Democrats only have one idea which is hatred of President Trump and that's not a very good idea in terms of actually advancing the lives of working Americans. &gt;&gt; So Brian on the on the on where it goes from here, you know, a lot the senator explained the whole issue of rewards for for stable coin issuers. I know the banks don't like it, right? Because it's they see it as a potential threat to their deposits, but some critics would say you're just trying to protect your business. &gt;&gt; If you survey Americans, 87% of them say that the current financial system doesn't work for them. that there's too high fees, there's delays, there's unequal access. And so, crypto is updating the financial system. The smartest uh financial service institutions out there and banks are leaning into this as an opportunity. You can see on LinkedIn, they're all hiring for crypto and blockchain product managers and engineers and Coinbase is actually powering infrastructure for five of the largest banks uh in the world right now. So, this the smartest ones are all leaning into this as an opportunity. This is about it's good for Coinbase. It's good for the crypto industry, but it's also good for the banking industry to embrace innovation and adoption. America has never been one that just tries to be stagnant and protect the incumbents. We want to lean into the future and make sure that America stays competitive because we we're existing on a global stage here, right? Like China is putting out a central bank digital currency that is paying interest. There's offshore unregulated stable coins which are actually much bigger than the ones that are regulated within the US perimeter. Right now, President Trump has said he wants to repatriate these funds to build this industry here in America, and to do that, we have to have stable coin rewards. &gt;&gt; So, where are you in discussions with the White House on moving this forward and getting it passed by April? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, the administration has been incredible on this. Uh, President Trump setting the tone from the top, naming David Sachs as the cryptozar, uh, Patrick Whit, and then the Senate has been incredible as well. So, they're meeting, as far as I can tell, daily on this to try to move this forward, and they just deserve a ton of credit. So, all we've tried to do is behind the scenes be constructive, uh, lay out potential solutions that can be a good win-win outcome for crypto and the banks. Um, and I I feel confident they'll get something done. &gt;&gt; Is it moving forward with these rewards in place for stablecoin? &gt;&gt; Yes, there's a small list of remaining open items and I think that um, if a compromise can be found, this will get to the president's desk for a signature in a few months. What about the the the price of Bitcoin and the fact that, you know, it was down last year in an up year for the overall market and has started out really rough this year, down more than 20%. Does that does that impact the sort of broader movement to to get more done here? &gt;&gt; Not really. I mean, crypto sometimes it's up, sometimes it's down. We It's all, you know, Bitcoin is still the best performing asset of the last decade, right? So, we try not to take a short-term point of view on that. Um, when crypto prices are down like this, actually, Coinbase is buying Bitcoin. We're buying our own stock back. We're just continuing to build in these down markets. So, we there's an opportunity whether the market is up or down and we try to just take it. &gt;&gt; Why do you think it's down so much? &gt;&gt; You know, people have a lot of Monday morning quarterback type theories on this. Whenever the market moves, they'll say, you know, Kevin Worsh is an inflation hawk or they'll say that quantum quantum computing is on the horizon. In my view, it's the markets are a little bit more psychological than that. People say, you know, I don't think there's any substantive issue, but I think other people do, and they'll they'll want to lock in gains and move it up and down. &gt;&gt; One thing I've heard is that that quantum is going to break the blockchain. &gt;&gt; Is that true? &gt;&gt; No, that's not true. I I think that's a very solvable issue. And actually, Coinbase has been very front-footed on this. We put together a quantum advisory council and we we're in regular contact with the major blockchains about a path to upgrade to a postquantum cryp cryptography world. So, we're going to stay engaged on that and I think it's very solvable. Senator, what I'm I'm curious about where what your vision is here for the future of crypto stable coins and getting them into the US system in a regulated way, but also not threatening the US dollar. &gt;&gt; Well, it actually is the opposite of threatening the dollar. This is the best thing that could happen for the US dollar because it dollarizes the world. It creates massive competition for treasuries, which is going to drive down our debt cost to the tune of hundreds of billions of dollars per year. And by the way, put more money in the hands of consumers. Ultimately, that's what that is. When you have uh pe people who are depositing money and they're not getting the kind of return they should get or rewards that they should get for having those deposits, that hurts working Americans. They're the ones that are suffering as a result of that. You can also have, by the way, imagine a world in which you have instantaneous payment for payroll where payroll doesn't settle twice a month. It settles every single solitary day. You have velocity of money. The idea is very simple. Money should move at the speed of information and that is going to happen. Let me just be clear. this will happen. That's not the question. The question is, does it happen in the United States of America or does it happen somewhere else? We cannot lose our innovative edge. And that's why President Trump is uh the person who's going to make certain that America never ever is falls behind in innovation. And look, at the end of the day, you're worried about the volatility of Bitcoin, which by the way has nothing to do with stable coins. Wait till I talk to you about silver and gold. &gt;&gt; Right. Well, they've they've definitely outperformed Bitcoin. &gt;&gt; Not over the last 10 years. &gt;&gt; Okay. Over the last year or so. But you don't you would never advise your viewers to uh look at a one-year uh before making investment decisions. This is about investment decisions over a longer period of time. And the reality is Bitcoin is just getting started. You're going to see &gt;&gt; you think Bitcoin is a safer bet than gold. &gt;&gt; I would I would absolutely buy Bitcoin today uh instead of gold. And by the way, just be clear, I don't own any of that uh because I don't want anybody uh giving me grief about uh whether I'm objective or not objective. But if my uh if I had money to put in the market today, I would buy Bitcoin. Well, we know Brian that you you've been buying back Bitcoin. I do want to just in the minute that we have left with you just hit on what we got from the CFTC this week, which was big news on the prediction markets. The commissioner is actually here at this conference and they announced that they're coming out swinging against these these states that are trying to go after prediction markets as as gambling. Th this I would think helps your business a lot and you're part of this new council. H what's your reaction? &gt;&gt; Yeah, well, Coinbase has been building out what we call the everything exchange. So we have every asset class there, crypto, stocks, commodities. We also launched prediction markets. And you're correct, uh, Commissioner Mike Celig has been great on the leadership front here coming out and stating what is already in the law, which is that the CFTC has exclusive authority over these types of contracts. And some folks in the state level are unhappy about that. This might go to various courts, may even go to the Supreme Court. But I think ultimately the CFTC chair is right on the law and they'll win. The CFTC has the authority. uh there's state state preeemption and so we're going to rely on that as well &gt;&gt; and I know you you were also very supportive of this. I saw you posted on that. &gt;&gt; Look, the the role of the United States government or any government is not to protect incumbency or business models that are eventually going to be replaced. Our our job is to make sure we create an environment for innovation and growth with proper guardrails and that's exactly what we're going to do. &gt;&gt; Who's going to be replaced? &gt;&gt; Uh well, look, ask Sears how Amazon worked out for them. Ask Blockbuster, how Netflix worked out for them. Uh we our job isn't to protect business models that are just not working. Uh, young people don't like our current financial system. It's going to be replaced. We want it to happen here in America. &gt;&gt; All right. Well, that just a little taste of the conversation going on here at at the World Liberty Forum. Gentlemen, thank you very much. And I think we should also disclose that you donated to the super PAC of your of your uh election campaign just for &gt;&gt; because they agreed with me, not because I agree with them. &gt;&gt; Yes. And also he he has he backs I think most pro crypto. &gt;&gt; I do. I donated directly to him as well. He was the first uh crypto executive to run for the Senate. So &gt;&gt; So you were all about it. &gt;&gt; Yep. Brian Armstrong, Senator Bernie Mareno.
