---
ticker: 1024.HK
type: youtube
title: "How Chinese Companies Are Taking Over The U.S."
channel: "CNBC"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gggrflS9MYk
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 57095
---

# How Chinese Companies Are Taking Over The U.S.

## 视频信息
- **频道**: CNBC
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gggrflS9MYk

## 转录全文

[Music] China's largest coffee chain is taking on the US. At the beginning of September 2025, just two months since its launch, Luckin had opened five stores in New York City. Based on its track record in China, Luckin could absolutely pose a threat to Starbucks dominance in the US. Welcome to the world of micro dramas. Over-the-top story lines, &gt;&gt; could he be someone dangerous? &gt;&gt; Jaw-dropping twists. &gt;&gt; He helped save my company. &gt;&gt; All packed into snack site vertical video clips. in the states to have soap opera, you know, bold and the beautiful and it's bold and the beautiful on steroid. Basically, you've got to have a cliffhanger on every minute versus every hour. So, everything is sweet, short, and sharp. &gt;&gt; Let's talk about Deep Seek because it is mind-blowing and it is shaking this entire industry to its core. &gt;&gt; Microsoft and OpenAI are investigating whether their new Chinese competitor used the OpenAI model to train its rival chatbot. 2025, just 2 months since its launch, Lucken had opened five stores in New York City. The coffee giant has only been around since 2017, but it's become a dominant force in its domestic market with almost all of its 26,000 locations in China. For reference, Starbucks has just under 8,000 in China and about 17,000 in the US. CNBC visited one of the first Lucken locations in New York. It had a number on the coffee counter, 00002. The zeros suggest that Lucken may be looking to scale its locations here into the thousands. But what challenges could Lucken face as it enters the US market? And what kind of threat could it pose to coffee chains like Starbucks? Lucken is a relatively young company but has already experienced some major ups and downs. Founded in June 2017, within 2 years the company went public on the NASDAQ. Its initial growth was rapid and Wall Street was bullish on its future. From Q1 of 2018 to Q1 of 2019, Lucken's customer base soared from 485,000 people to 16.9 million. That's about 45,000 new customers per day. It's a volume game. At the end of the day, lacking is is pointing to have the sales leverage come through the door. Minimize the cost of the real estate by having as many transaction as possible. and so be it if the marginal profit on the marginal coffee is relatively small. They are trying to optimize for transactions. &gt;&gt; But only after 18 months as a publicly traded company, Lucken was charged with fraud by the SEC. In its preliminary IPO filing, the company noted that it is an emerging growth company, which meant it was eligible for reduced reporting requirements. Most notably, Lucken didn't need an auditor to attest to its internal management. In January 2020, short seller Muddy Waters Research shared an anonymous report that alleged fraudulent reporting of key business metrics to manipulate investor confidence. The report said it utilized 92 full-time and over 1,400 part-time staff to run surveillance and record store traffic for 981 days in 620 stores. Lucken stock price tanked in the wake of the report. In February 2020, the company issued a press release calling the short sellers report misleading and false. Investors and analysts also had doubts about its validity, and the stock rebounded. But by April, an internal investigation found the COO had fabricated 2019 sales by $310 million. Shares fell over 80%, wiping out $5 billion off its market cap. It turns out the company was also reporting millions in profits when restated filings show it was actually operating at a loss. Lucken was delisted from the NASDAQ in June 2020 and filed for bankruptcy less than a year later. But Luckin emerged from bankruptcy in 2022. It brought in new leadership and cleaned up its balance sheet. Over the next 3 years, it more than tripled its store count and quickly overtook Starbucks in China by total revenue. Despite a report from the Financial Times that Lucken was plotting its return to the NASDAQ, the company still trades on the OTC market or over-the-counter market, a less regulated exchange. Its share price is up around 100% over the past year. Lucken relies entirely on mobile ordering. It cuts down the wait time in the stores and also reduces the amount of labor that it needs to operate. I see a coupon here for $1.99 drink on my first order. Luck's full-priced items aren't actually that far off from Starbucks, but the difference is you're rarely ever paying full price. The app showers you with coupons. So much so that it's actually unlikely its initial stores are even profitable right now. That is not how its competitor operates. &gt;&gt; Starbucks has always strived to be profitable um on a single occasion. Uh in the case of Lin, the idea is I want to grow in awareness. I want to make sure that the brand gets recognized on a national basis even though at the beginning this means that I might need to be suffering from some smaller losses on a per store basis. New York is an expensive place to operate a coffee shop. Equity research firm Bernstein analyzed its initial profitability. Rent for Luckan's Midtown location is around $15,000 per month and labor costs are around 66,000 per month. Utilities, maintenance, and insurance could cost another 10 grand. That puts its overhead at around $92,000. In the report published in late July 2025, less than a month after opening, the stores were estimated to be generating $85,000 per month, averaging about 5 to 600 orders per day. Order volumes would need to be double that to break even. I ordered on the app to test out the experience. It says it should be ready in just a couple of minutes. Walking up to the store, here is Lucken. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Lucken had some really interesting and innovative drinks in there. I saw pineapple cold brew on the menu. This is a coconut ice latte. It's one of their most popular drinks and it's really good. It's just a hint of coconut and not too sweet. The company rolled out nearly 120 new drinks and food items in China in 2024, but it launches these new varieties carefully using a strategic datadriven approach to test new products on the market. Neither Starbucks nor Lucken agreed to an interview with CNBC for this story. But the Chinese coffee company had noted in a press release that its initial soft launch in New York City would enable the company to gain localized operational insights into site selection, product innovation, and customer experience, providing valuable insights for the company's global expansion. Traffic to the Starbucks across the street from the Midtown Luckin location that we visited was not particularly affected during the initial weeks of its launch. This specific Starbucks was already seeing large year-over-year drops in visits irrespective of the Luck opening. Replicating Lucken success in China here in the US may not be as easy as it seems. Here in the United States, the coffee culture is much more uh mature and a new brand for as a new challenge it might seem. they are facing some local competition to national competition and so displacing some of the larger players might be just harder. Secondly, purely from a cultural standpoint, especially in this day and age, we are seeing the United States retrenching a little bit more toward American brands. And while many chains are rewarding customers for using their mobile app, some might be adverse to that as their only option. The woman in front of me tried to add an additional drink to her order in person and the guy said no, you know, it all has to go through the app. The guy behind me walked in and I guess he didn't realize that it was an entirely mobile cashierless environment and he tried scanning the QR code, downloading the app, got frustrated and just walked out. So there still seems to be a little bit of friction around this idea of an entirely mobile environment. It's distinct from Starbucks which is telling you sort of coming into stores that employee connection is is still important. Lucken doesn't necessarily have that right. So I think our view would be that that isn't a broader threat to Starbucks. Do they establish somewhat of a foothold in major cities? &gt;&gt; But the past couple years have been rocky for Luckin's main competitor Starbucks. The company brought in former Chipotle CEO Brian Nickel last year to revitalize the brand. The hire cost the company $85 million in cash and stock compensation. He's made all sorts of top- down efforts like having baristas write messages on the cups and adding more comfortable seating into the stores to revive the brand's coffee house image. uh in the case of the United States for lacking will be trying to approach the overseas expansion without necessarily having the same level of uh localized and deeprooted experience into this market that enable them to be scaling rapidly in China. I'm not saying that this may not be a threat to Starbucks, but Starbucks has still the incumbent. They still are significantly more relevant for a US consumer. But what we have seen in the store might be indicative of the fact that if the awareness were to be rising, consumers might be lacking that product and could be a potential threat to Starbucks. &gt;&gt; Do you need to cut price at all? You talked about the value scores. Given there are so many new entrance into the beverage space with so much added competition, McDonald's, Luck, there are so many others. Are you thinking about price cuts? I do believe we are a premium brand. Uh and I do believe you get a premium experience uh what with the Green Apron service model and what we're doing to our coffee houses to give people that coffee house experience again. So I think we're priced correctly right now and uh I like our competitive position. &gt;&gt; Where Lucken shines is value. Its products are not actually that far off from Starbucks prices. A latte at the Luckin we visited was 575. At Starbucks it's 5.95. The key difference, however, is that customers are rarely paying that full price at Lucket. They are showered with coupons in the app, often in the range of 30 to 50% off. In 2024, Starbucks began offering frequent deals and promotions within its app, too. This attracted customers that were more price sensitive, but Nickel had the company move away from that. It was driving away the core consumer base who was feeling fairly disappointed by the lower quality of experience despite the premium price that they would need to pay for for a Starbucks coffee. Starbucks is a premium brand and by virtual being a premium brand you attract consumers that on average tend to be a little bit more price insensitive, a little bit less attracted by by discount and so they can protect their margins a little bit better than a company that is mostly known for their discount models. &gt;&gt; Based on its track record in China, Luckin could absolutely pose a threat to Starbucks dominance in the US. But this is Starbucks home turf. And despite some recent speed bumps, the company has managed to scale its operations here profitably for years. Plus, the coffee market is highly saturated in the US with thousands of local players. Now, only time will tell just how big of a disruptor Luckin will be. I only owe my success to that secret CEO of Kings Corp. &gt;&gt; You will be graveling at my feet for forgiveness when you realize who I really am. &gt;&gt; Spoiler alert alert, that man earning a meager wage does in fact turn out to be the secret CEO of King's Corp. This is one of the micro dramas featured on Real Short, a Chinesebacked short video app. &gt;&gt; I'm willing to wager my entire reputation that this man is a useless loser. &gt;&gt; Welcome to the world of micro dramas. Over-the-top story lines. Could he be someone dangerous? video clips. Fast, addictive, and ready to take over your feed. &gt;&gt; In a state, you have soap opera. You know, bold and a beautiful. And it's bold and a beautiful on steroid. Basically, you've got to have a &gt;&gt; They're tapping into the behavior of instant gratification. The way that you immediately are satisfied by seeing this story is what is the hook? It's a little over the top, but it's over the top that it's still entertaining, right? &gt;&gt; China's micro drama market exceeded 50 billion yen or approximately 6.9 billion US in 2024, outpacing China's own box office, and it now has its sights set on the US market. &gt;&gt; Many micro drama producers believe because America produced Hollywood and is probably the world's largest cultural export. If you can sell it to and make it appealing to the American public, you can then sell it and make it appealing to the rest of the world. &gt;&gt; So, what is behind the popularity of China's micro dramas? And can the nearly 7 billion industry become China's next big cultural export to disrupt the US entertainment industry? Micro dramas started in China, I believe in around 2018, and they were sort of an offshoot and a way to capitalize on the trend and the popularity of short form video, which was made popular by Tik Tok. The format itself has become increasingly popular amongst users. is where their time is spent. Which is why you saw Meta introduce reals to Facebook and Instagram and why YouTube introduced shorts to capitalize on this short form video content. In China, even though they have like IG and Tensetent, they don't have Netflix, they don't have a lot of the western apps they don't have. So, they have to create their own. It all started with Doí and also Quaisho as they started pushing this vertical short dramas on their platforms especially 2020 2021 during the pandemic dramas grew rapidly lowcost production a fast-paced nature about 90 seconds to 120 seconds long. So whenever you have fragmented time you watch. &gt;&gt; It's not really about the quality, the cast, the story. It's really about how effective you are to grasps the audience within that second and that's what gets people engaged because it almost goes right into the crux of the story wherever the drama is doesn't require any effort on the part of the user to just jump in and start to watch. These are like your talent novela basically when you look at the genres a lot of romantic comedy they have the vampire stories they have like the tycoon stories unlike traditional big budget TV series microdramas offer producers a lowcost highreward format that's fast to make and easy to scale &gt;&gt; the streaming companies a huge cost center for them is content creation for a short form drama you can get intriguing content at a much lower cost with a shorter production time so you can have more volume. &gt;&gt; The leading uh apps can turn 8 to 10 shows a month. You're looking at like producing 100 original micro drama per year. &gt;&gt; They are usually taking unknown actors to play these parts. You're looking at anything from top to finish within 2 months versus a year and a half. &gt;&gt; China's micro drama market surpassed the film industry's annual box office revenue for the first time ever in 2024. Part of microdrama's growth is also attributed to the marketing strategies geared towards their intended audience. Typically women between the ages of 25 to 35. They are able to produce it precisely but also actually direct the marketing to the audience. Everything is on data. It's not just about content is the precision in production and marketing which is I think is is genius. actually major players actually wanted to go beyond China. The first place they looked at is US. Downloads of Microdrama apps in the US reached 10 million in April of 2025, an increase of 150% year-over-year, while monthly active users surged over 300% over the same period. &gt;&gt; Real Short, Drama Box, and Good Short were the top downloaded apps in the US for micro dramas. uh they accounted for about 50% of the downloads in year-to- date 2025. &gt;&gt; Real short, drama box, and good short were unavailable to accommodate CNBC's request to participate in the story. The US is the world's largest revenue generating market for micro drama apps, contributing 60% of global mobile revenue in 2024. In addition, the three short drama apps rank among the top 20 media and entertainment apps in the US by mobile revenue so far this year. So the US is very important to microdrama apps because it is a higher arpoo average revenue per user market. So that means that they can charge more per user. The cost of the app when they monetize it is higher in the US. With the popularity of micro dramas steadily rising in the US, the question becomes whether the nason format can make a dent in the US entertainment industry and pose a challenge to existing players in the space. In my view, micro dramas do not pose direct threat to a platform such as Netflix or traditional TV, at least not yet. They kind of serve different purposes. You watch a program on a streamer for the plot, the set, the acting, whereas this, I think, is just like a quick bit of entertainment. But I wouldn't say that, oh, is it going to take away the movies? Is it going to take away Netflix? I wouldn't say that. But I think definitely something to watch out for. Micro dramas are not aiming to become those big budget shows of films. Instead, they are looking to carve out that unique space by targeting you know casual short attention span you viewers. Micro dramas will pose more threat to social media companies because at this stage they are competing for the eyeballs and I can either choose watching dog videos on Tik Tok or I can watch micro drama typically not both. Some have compared the rise of micro dramas to that of Quibby, &gt;&gt; short for quick bites, featuring content under 10 minutes, designed for viewing only on your phone, &gt;&gt; a similar short form mobile streaming service that shut down in just 6 months after a launch in 2020. &gt;&gt; During co everybody was at home. We've had a lot of more time and it was just really really bad timing for them. Uh Hollywood styled content is something that they try to replicate but in a very short kind of fast-paced environment. you know, vertical is popular, attention is becoming shorter. They saw it. But when it comes to execution, a lot of things went wrong for them. &gt;&gt; Experts say it's more likely these short form dramas will coexist alongside other media and entertainment companies. &gt;&gt; Would I be worried as a social media platform? Yes, because somebody's taking away my eyeballs. Would I be worried as Hollywood, Netflix, and other platforms? Yes. But not because the they are the threat. Is because the behavior and the market that they are creating is a threat. You cannot compare street food to Michelin. Is Michelin foods going to take over street food? No, not a chance. But there is an appetite for street food. There is an appetite for Michelin dishes. So that's all I can sort of compare between micro drama and and long form drama. &gt;&gt; The rise of micro dramas could force existing media companies to rethink their content strategies going forward. Given the strength of the short form video format, I think that this will continue to grow. Similar to the way short form video took off and it forced Meta and Google to add shorts and reals. What I think will be very interesting is for the streamers to really pay more attention to the vertical audience and then perhaps to produce more to cater to them so that when they are actually don't have time to watch 5 to 6 hours then they can still engage the audience. &gt;&gt; They also become more attractive partners to these other players to do partnership deals. &gt;&gt; A lot of great IPs from the studios can be repurposed. We adapt into micro drama. it becomes like a pretty interesting ecosystem. &gt;&gt; There are examples in China where collaboration with, you know, social commerce or e-commerce are very successful or collaboration with a more traditional long-term video creator are successful. It can be a very exciting medium to play together with the long form. People keep saying, you know, TV is dying. It's not dying. It's just moving to the verticals, moving to the fragmented viewing. So it people moves. So you have to move with them otherwise you'll be eliminated. A trillion dollar selloff &gt;&gt; front and center this hour. The deep selloff major tech selloff today. Deepseek selloff is still really pressuring tech. Triggered on its face by one Chinese startup. Let's talk about deepseek because it is mind-blowing and it is shaking this entire industry to its core. &gt;&gt; But underneath stemming from growing fears around a technique that could upend the AI leaderboard, &gt;&gt; a technique called distillation. &gt;&gt; Distillation. &gt;&gt; Their work is being distilled. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Distillation is the idea that a small team with virtually no resources can make an advanced model by essentially extracting knowledge from a larger one. Deepseek didn't invent distillation, but it woke up the AI world to its disruptive potential. I'm Dear Drabza with the Tech Check take AI's distillation problem. AI models are more accessible than ever. That is the upshot from a technique in AI development that has broken into the main narrative called distillation. Jeffrey Hinton, dubbed the godfather of AI, he was the first to coin the term in a 2015 paper while working as an engineer at Google, writing that distillation was a way to transfer the knowledge from a large cumbersome model to a small model that's more suitable for deployment. Fast forward to today and Upstarts, they're using this method to challenge industry giants with years of experience and billions in funding. Put simply, here's how it works. A leading tech company invests years and millions of dollars developing a top tier AI model from scratch. They feed it massive amounts of data, harness huge amounts of compute, and fine-tune it into one of the most advanced models on the market. Then a smaller team swoops in. Instead of starting from scratch, they train a smaller model by using a technique called knowledge distillation. Pummeling a larger model with questions and using that to train its own smaller, more specialized model. By capturing the advanced models, reasoning and responses, they create a model that's nearly as capable, but much faster, more efficient, and far less resource inensive. This distillation technique is just so extremely powerful and so extremely cheap and it's just available to anyone. You know, anyone can basically do it that we're going to see so much innovation in the space on the LLM layer and we're going to see so much competition for LLMs. So that's what's going to happen in this new era that we're entering. &gt;&gt; Tech giants use the technique too. In fact, Google was a pioneer in distillation thanks to Hinton's research. Just weeks before DeepSeek broke onto the scene, Google was already using Distillation to optimize lightweight versions of its Gemini models. Once again, Google had the tech, but someone else, Deep Seek, this time turned it into the story. Just like Google pioneered Transformers that made generative AI possible, only for Open AI to swoop in with ChatGBT and own the narrative. Deepseek showed Wall Street just how effective distillation could be. People talk a lot about deepseek and these new models that seem to be doing uh the work that was done uh in years before or months before in days. People need to remember what's happening is they're distilling which basically means building on the frontier models that have been created &gt;&gt; able to mimic and even surpass OpenAI's advancements in just 2 months spending what it says was less than $6 million on the final training phase. But it's too simplistic to attribute its success to just copying. &gt;&gt; It became increasingly clear that they had made some fundamental improvements in the way to approach this. &gt;&gt; Deepseek also applied clever innovations. If distillation uh was the only reason China uh got these models like Deepc got these models then Microsoft should have also gotten them right like there's something more to it and it's not just compute it's not just distillation it's not just access to like a lot of tokens &gt;&gt; it's about cleverness &gt;&gt; yet distillation was a major factor in deepseek's rapid ascent helping it scale more efficiently and paving the way for other less capitalized startups and research labs to compete at the cutting edge faster than ever for &gt;&gt; there were these researchers at Berkeley just a week ago showed that for 450 bucks they could create models that were almost as smart as this reasoning model from OpenAI called 01 uh for $450. That's not $450,000. So there 450 bucks uh that could do that. So this distillation really works. That new reasoning model called Sky T1 made by Distilling Leading Models in just 19 hours with $450 and just eight Nvidia H100 chips. &gt;&gt; There's a little small detail in the technical report in the research paper by the Deepseek folks. They actually took an existing model. It's called Quen. This is not a reasoning model. It's an older model by Alibaba and they said, "Hey, can we make that smarter so that they can do reason?" One approach they had was to do this kind of reinforcement learning, this kind of fancy technique. Uh they did that and it was much better. Quinn got much better, but they also just tried distilling it. So they just took 800,000 outputs from R1 and then they just did very basic tuning, very cheap, simple tuning. And that actually beat all of the other approaches. Just weeks later, researchers at Stanford and the University of Washington created their S1 reasoning model in just 26 minutes using less than $50 in compute credits. and Hugging Face, a startup that hosts a platform for open source AI models, recreating OpenAI's newest and flashiest feature, Deep Research, just for fun, hosting an in-house 24-hour challenge that resulted in an open-source AI research agent called Open Deep Research. Which begs the question, why are big tech firms still investing billions of dollars to push the frontier, developing the most advanced AI models when someone can just turn around and distill it for significantly less work and less money. &gt;&gt; Now, Microsoft and OpenAI are investigating whether their new Chinese competitor used the OpenAI model to train its rival chatbot, including unauthorized access to OpenAI developer tools. Also, David Saxs, Trump's AI and cryptosar, said on Fox yesterday, there's quote substantial evidence DeepC quote distilled knowledge from open AAI models to create its own products. &gt;&gt; If model distillation is accelerating, which these recent developments show is happening and any small team can leap ahead of the biggest AI companies, what's happening to their competitive edge? Another key paradigm shift post deepseek, the rise of a new open-source order, a belief that transparency and accessibility drive innovation faster than closed door research. &gt;&gt; My joke is everybody's model is open source. They just don't know it yet. You know, because it's so easy to distill them. So, you might think you haven't open sourced your model, but you actually have. Deepseek open sourced its V3 and R1 models, publishing essentially a blueprint that allows anyone to download, use, and modify it for free. Likewise, those models published by university researchers and hugging face, they were all open source, too, raising questions about OpenAI's closed source strategy that once seemed like a moat, but suddenly looked more like a target. Open source always wins you know like in tech industry you know that has been like one truth you know of the last you know three decades is that you cannot beat the momentum. &gt;&gt; Even OpenAI CEO Sam Alman himself walked back his closed source strategy. In response to a question on Reddit whether OpenAI would release model weights and publish research. Altman replied, "Personally, I think we have been on the wrong side of history here and need to figure out a different open-source strategy." Just a remarkable statement from a leader who has long championed the closed source approach, citing safety, competitive dynamics, and monetization as key justifications. For Alman to now admit that open AI may have been on the wrong side of history, that suggests mounting pressure and could have ripple effects across the AI landscape. distilled models. They can be created on the cheap and without a valuation to protect the universities and startups creating the models, they seem inclined to give it away for free. The biggest winners, developers, &gt;&gt; the open source keeps the proprietary players in check from a pricing and performance standpoint because if I know as a developer that I can always run an open source model in my own infrastructure, then that that really reduces the pricing power of those proprietary players, which again is a huge win. The cost of running AI applications is plunging. Deepseeks R1, for example, costs $2.19 per million tokens. OpenAI's comparable 01 cost $60. So someone building an AI app would have to pay multiples more to use OpenAI instead. Which means the script has now flipped. teams building AI applications. They used to be disparagingly called chat GBT rappers accused of having no competitive edge since their entire AI app or website is just an interface on top of an open AI or Google or anthropic model. But with the cost to serve steadily declining, those AI application makers, they now have an advantage. &gt;&gt; Every time you make AI more efficient, you actually open up a dramatic increase in more use cases. I think if you zoom out and you say if you know AI became 5x more efficient or 10x more efficient um I'd argue that we'll have a 100x more use cases in the next 5 to 10 years. So um I think this is a win for developers. I think it's a win for anybody building at the application layer of AI and I think it's a win for the long-term AI ecosystem to have a continued sort of deflationary effect of the cost of these models. &gt;&gt; And AI model builders who have been on top for the past few years, they're looking more and more commoditized. What distillation has not done is change the calculus for the biggest players in AI. Open AAI is on track to raise $40 billion from SoftBank. Meta, Microsoft, Google, Amazon, they all said on their first earnings report post Deepseek that not only were their AI spending plans intact, but they would ramp up capital expenditures or capex even more. Nvidia recovered from the deepseek sell-off and Jevans paradox became the leading narrative. &gt;&gt; There's plenty of people who are quoting Jevans paradox this morning talking about the fact that an increase in efficiency for a particular resource leads to more use of that resource. Are you in that camp as well? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. I believe fully that these new uh innovative techniques will lead to the development of more models, more testing and will lead us towards AGI faster. Smaller, more targeted models are optimized for speed and efficiency, making them cheaper to use, not just for developers, but also for enterprises integrating AI into their businesses. Here's Tuen Sustava, founder of AI infrastructure company BE 10. &gt;&gt; What we are seeing from customers is that when it comes to using these models in production, often times the smaller models are good enough and now you're taking that really big power and using it in that smaller model. He says he heard from nearly two dozen Fortune 100 companies in the week following DeepSeek's reasoning model breakthrough. Not only do they want to run more efficient models, but it's changed their view on licensing AI. They're questioning the premium they pay for OpenAI's chat GBT APIs in Azure Anthropics Cloud and AWS. Which brings us to OpenAI. The pressure is on. And for Altman and his team, the holy grail is AGI or artificial general intelligence. for them and the best capitalized players. You could call it an AGI at all cost strategy. The idea that they will continue to push the technological frontier relentlessly and reaching it first is worth any investment rather than relying on incremental improvements. Half a trillion dollars for project Stargate. All part of Sam Alman and South Bank CEO Masoshi's son's grand ambition to reach artificial super intelligence. AI that surpasses human intelligence in all aspects, including creativity and problem solving. Distillation may yield more cost-effective performance gains, but it does not drive the revolutionary breakthroughs needed to reach AGI or ASI. And that is why the race has never been more urgent. In a world where AI capabilities can be distilled, refined, and replicated faster than ever, the window to build a true frontier level advantage is narrowing by the day. These topics we cover in the tech check take, they're complicated and we heard your feedback on our long form interview within our deepseat piece. So this time we're bringing you an in-depth conversation with another pioneer in the space, Glean CEO Arvin Jane. He's a Google veteran and he's not just observing distillation's impacts, he's applying it in real world enterprise AI solutions. Thanks for watching and we hope you enjoy. Arvin, thank you so much for being here. Um, let's talk about some of the changes that have just happened in this broader AI landscape. I saw you maybe a month or two months ago. &gt;&gt; We got Deepseek. Yeah. &gt;&gt; We got sort of questions around scaling laws. What do you think the biggest takeaway from what's h what Deep Seek's breakthrough was? Well, I think the what the big thing is between 2024 and 2025, uh there's a there's a big shift in like how the industry thinks what's going to happen next with AI models. Like last year, we were all thinking that model building is reserved, you know, for these the largest companies out there and there's going to be only three or four of them. Uh and now you're seeing that no, that's not actually the case. like you know you can have like you know companies that can come and build amazing models like you know which are comparable to the state-of-the-art with much lower training costs and there going to be so many of them now and and also the industry has sort of also like these models are no longer like there's no longer like you know the best model out there. uh that concept has gone away like we had that like you know two years back of course but now different models are all getting better at different things and for you as an like you know for your use case like if you're an enterprise trying to actually build an AI agent uh what agent makes sense to you like it's going to be one of many of those that are that are being available in the market. So that's sort of like you know there's a big transition in the market and and and I think it creates complexity as well like you know for enterprises like in terms of how do I keep up with all of this like you know what are the models I should be using which ones I should not which are secure which are not so there's a lot of questions uh but but at the same time a lot of amazing innovation to take advantage of &gt;&gt; and what to pay for right I mean like you said this shift that's happened where it's become so much more competitive and maybe totally commoditized do you need to pay for open AI &gt;&gt; G APIs versus you know a deepseek which is like efficient right at the core of that is it feels to me distillation is that right &gt;&gt; yeah yeah and I think the well see the the like part of it doesn't matter like you know how they got where they got it &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; like you know what what matters to me as a customer is what can I use like you know what capabilities I'm am I getting right now and am I getting them at a at a lower price because remember that for most enterprises like training is not the thing that they do like we just need to use models uh to to to actually transform our business processes and so if we have a model that's cheaper that's you know as performant and you know um and I can actually reduce my cost by like you know 100x uh well I'm going to use that &gt;&gt; has that been sort of the major shift as well on the application side is that it running AI has become cheaper &gt;&gt; running AI so so interesting like you know I'll tell you a you know fact about our own company you know our business is you know growing at a very very rapid pace uh we're going to have so much more usage of AI models in our system but we are modeling our cost to actually not rise at the same pace like you know like you know I would say that we like we are we are anticipating that we'll be able to reduce cost for our end for our end customers by 10x you know with all the model you know advances that are going to be coming this year &gt;&gt; but that may mean that they're just using more of it right which is the big debate in the market can you just going back like a little bit though can you I know you're &gt;&gt; primarily concerned with the output what models and how competitive they are at the end. But can you talk a little bit about distillation for someone who's not familiar with that and how that concept has changed the landscape? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so distillation as a technique uh the way to think about it is um you take a large model and a large model is actually good at doing a lot of different things. Um but for your need you know you have only have one like you only you need you need a model that can do one thing really well. So what you do is you will take a large model and you use that as the you know as a as a uh thing that actually trains this this new model that you're building which is going to be as capable uh as the large one on that only that one task but you know because you know you've taught the model that only needs to do one thing it actually is able to simplify itself a lot and and so you are able to like you know build this new model which is u much lower like in terms of like you know parameters or the cost of inferencing it um and it actually solves the problem that you have which is like you know that one task that you wanted to actually go and solve in a very nice way. So so this is a technique that is actually going to be more and more common in fact we you know we've been doing this for the last two years as well but but expect that like you know there will be lot of these purpose-built models which are all distillations of a larger model you know to a to a specific task. &gt;&gt; Then what was deepseek's breakthrough? Was it the fact that it's open source and it used distillation? &gt;&gt; The breakthrough like you know from a end user perspective is well I got I got the model that performs amazing and it's you know very very cheap and it's actually very very fast as well like you know for for inferencing. So so I think it and it's actually like the deepseek is not like a um I would not call it like a typical like you know like model distillation process you know because it's actually still very broadly you know it has broad capabilities. can actually do a lot of different things. &gt;&gt; There's innovation on top of the distillation. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Will others come though? Did it sort of open up a new playbook that other companies Chinese or otherwise are able to use to get right to the frontier and make competitive models? &gt;&gt; That trend is actually broader than deepseek like you know there is a lot of you know research and innovation that's happening in the industry like in terms of different techniques you know on how to train models. So you can expect like you know many many more such advances to come. you know this this one like you know you know captured everybody's attention in a big way but I think this is going to be a normal thing for us like you know as you know throughout this year you will see lots and lots of different models like you know that are great at certain things um and like they can do those things at a fraction of the cost of like you know the frontier models today &gt;&gt; help me understand another piece of this which are the benchmarks and things like humanity's last test right these are like math and coding tests &gt;&gt; and does it open up the question especially You know, as Glean uses this for other enterprises, the idea of generalization. How do we know that these models are just good at passing these specific benchmarks? How do we know that it's going to be able to, &gt;&gt; you know, solve or analyze or problem solve these sort of unknown tasks that are so unique to an enterprise? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so that's that's what like Glean does you know we are actually taking all of this innovation that's happening in the industry like you know like whether the innovation is coming from open AI or anthropic or Google or you know meta or all these open source you know models that we have out there um all of them have some capabilities um and they can actually solve real world needs and so what we do at Glean is actually take them all and make them all available to our enterprise customers in a safe and secure way uh and actually make it easy for them to make these models work you know for real world business use cases like you know connect you know these models with their knowledge their data their information and their business processes right um so now like you know how like how do you test like whether these models are good at doing certain things or not &gt;&gt; in the real world &gt;&gt; in the real world I mean I think like you know we seeing it like you know with with our like you know our application and you know you know which is you know primarily about like you know access like you know you know people are using it very actively in their day-to-day today work like you know whenever you have questions you know um that you that you need answers for or information that you need to complete your task like AI is actually amazing at actually you know at that particular category of task like you know making knowledge more accessible um you know helping you process analyze research you know on large amounts of information so that's already proven like you know these models do a great job at uh at at actually analyzing information making it more accessible to you but but then if you think about more and more like you know like you heard you heard last year uh agentic and agents like you know that's the talk of the town like today like you know how businesses are thinking about AI is that well I got like you know these business processes um and you know they're time consuming you know there's a lot of money that I have to spend like running these processes I want to see if I can build an agent uh so then you know you start a process of building an agent to solve a specific business problem uh you do some iterations you work with a platform like ours or some other um you actually try different models see like you know which one is actually you know you know you know doing better you know for you on that particular task. Uh you have to tweak you have to like you know this engineering like you have to you do some work but ultimately like you know you get there you actually you know bring that automation like you know bring 90% automation or 100% automation um in these you know uh processes. So so you're seeing that real world impact already happen like you know across large range of problems. So the models are not like you know certainly not like I won't classify them as being like good at like you know you know giving SAT or or or or just that like you know they're actually the real &gt;&gt; the ones that you're sort of tweaking and adopting for your customers. &gt;&gt; Those are the ones that are better at real world. &gt;&gt; No no no all these models are actually good like you know like don't don't think of any one of these models that that you know it only knows how to take SAT this you know generally these models have broad capabilities and you can actually bring it into a business and make it work for a real business for because of the reasoning breakthrough and then maybe put um like the deep research features into context. &gt;&gt; That's right. Yeah. the the the real power of LLMs have always been reasoning and and some generation of course like it can actually use that use those reasoning capabilities to also write and generate you know artifacts for you and that reasoning capabilities are on the rise like you know you see you know with with GPD with like you know 01 um the level of reasoning capabilities is like you know miles ahead of like you know the previous generation um uh with 03 like you know that you know we're expecting even more 03 mini is you know is giving the same level of performance as 01 on certain tasks. So, so that that the more reasoning that you get because if you think about you know any business process you know in an enterprise today you know there is a you know you know it sort of involves a human you know that works with some information and you know use some of their reasoning powers and do some work right and and so like you know the that reasoning capability the more you bring from the models the more complex business processes you'll be able to automate with AI &gt;&gt; does that mean the data wall is irrelevant Now &gt;&gt; data walls are relevant. Well, &gt;&gt; we talked so much about it last year, right? And we thought, okay, maybe the advancements had plateaued, but it turns out there's just a different kind of advancement, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, there's I mean yeah there is there is no plateauing on any front by the way like you know when it comes to AI and uh and like you know the ability for us to leverage you know AI you know in our day-to-day work like you know we we're just scratching the surface you know we talked about this last year that the even like you know you know even if like you know somehow there's a standstill and there's no progress in uh model capabilities like you still haven't like you know tapped into even a 1% of like all the capabilities the existing models have so so there's there's a lot of work you know like you know you're going to see this massive transformation this year like lots and lots of business processes are going to see AI getting infused in them &gt;&gt; talk about the open AI of it all because their mo their advantage used to be sort of these pre pre-training advancements and the reasoning advancements they're really significant and they're building features on top of it but distillation deepseek means that sort of it's open season now &gt;&gt; that those advancements are almost commoditized Right. Where does this leave OpenAI too and I also wonder how much you're using OpenAI over the last few weeks and what you're doing for your customers? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, we we use uh Open AI as well as like you know these other models from uh Google and and Tropic and other companies. And &gt;&gt; has your usage though with the rise of DeepSeek, has your usage of Open AI gone down? &gt;&gt; No, it hasn't. Well, so far like you know for Glean right now we've we've actually evaluated and um and made you know we're making DeepSeek available in our platform but right you know like it takes time like you know right now like you know there's no impact in terms of actual enterprise usage you know uh for our customers like you know they're all still using you know the same like you know Frontier models from from &gt;&gt; why because if DeepS offers the same performance or similar performance at a much cheaper cost &gt;&gt; is it only a matter of time till they switch Yeah. Yeah. It's a matter of time you know there there is like you know in enterprise you have to there are a lot of other considerations like you know one one of it one of them is of course security and making sure that like you know like you know we're using a robust you know uh model like you know any model that comes in like you know there are possibilities of you know prompt injection attacks and so they say like there is there is a change management process like part of it is like you know when we are delivering a model to our customer we need to make sure that it's robust uh on all fronts but second also So like I would say that the cost is not the only you know like factor driving you know AI adoption and usage today like we're in very early journey like a lot of our customers they're interested in actually seeing some magic happen like it's sort of irrelevant like you know what the cost of that was because it's not at scale and and so you want to first like for a lot of like new use cases new agents that you want to build like the the idea like you know for in fact you know that's what I would recommend to any you know any any enterprise leader is that you know like cost is the second you know consideration first like you know you have you know you want to build an agent that's going to actually transform the business process make make it work first and then figure out like you know can you actually optimize it so so if if there is actually a clear leader like in terms of what's the best model it may be slow but it's it's the best I would start with that first &gt;&gt; but who is that right now who is that right now &gt;&gt; well that depends on the task like yeah &gt;&gt; but I mean it it just feels like opening I had such a hold on that leadership for so long maybe like Gemini and anthropic that has changed &gt;&gt; that's changed &gt;&gt; do you see that mix being a lot different I mean% yeah &gt;&gt; I think I think that's there there's a fundamental shift like you know you know the LLM you know they're going to be many of them and they're all going to get better at different things and and you know as as a industry like you know it's going to be also like you know a commoditized market in that sense yes &gt;&gt; do you think that open AI is going to become cheaper to &gt;&gt; for your customers to I think we're already seeing that on the consumer side, right? Right after DeepSeeks R1, they made 01 free. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Do is that happening on the enterprise side too? &gt;&gt; It's it's going to happen. Um we haven't seen immediate pricing changes, but the but I expect like you know like everybody has to be competitive in this market and like you cannot be like you know you know these are real cost differences. This is not like 20% 30% like these order of magnitude like reduction in prices. So, so like you know we will see that you know pricing pressure and and like pricing coming down. &gt;&gt; It was really interesting last weekend I think that Sam Alman did an AMA Reddit AMA &gt;&gt; and he said that OpenAI has been on the wrong side of history when it came to open source which was just remarkable to me because they've spent the last two years defending it with everything that they have. What did that mean to you? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, you remember that open source always wins, you know, like in tech industry, you know, that has been like one truth, you know, of the last, you know, three decades is that you cannot beat the momentum, you know, that a successful open source project is able to actually generate. You know there is just so much um like you know the like when you when you build systems in open source the the the number of developers who are behind that you know project you know and and the amount of innovation that happens there you know combined with the fact that you know like you know that's a technology that's you know um you know you can understand it more is like you know more efficient like from a cost perspective it's a very very hard you know moment to beat like you know you have to like you And you know I think the and like you know like when when it comes to like you know it's not that you know everybody gets to always build open source systems you know companies like us like you know we build a a you know readytouse product for our customers but like you know that's our mindset too like you know under the hood like you know we're going to maximize the use of like open source systems that we can like you know you know provided you know that they have the right security you know um you know uh credentials. Does that mean everything's going to be open source in the future from chatbt to Gemini to anthropic? &gt;&gt; Well, I mean I think the the well that's actually a hard hard question to answer like I don't know. I think one thing I can tell you is that there's going to be if you look at usage of models uh majority of AI usage is going to be on open source models &gt;&gt; and I mean it used to be I when this was sort of a debate &gt;&gt; open or closed source it doesn't feel like as much of a debate anymore. Yeah. &gt;&gt; It was sort of llamas going to &gt;&gt; be the gate I don't know if gatekeeper is the right way because it's the right word because it's open. I mean who who's creating the open source ecosystem? Is it one player? Is it many players? It's I I think it felt like you know open source will be also like one or two players because you see the fundamental thing that has changed is do you need billions of dollars to build models and and that's where like now the industry is confident that you don't and which means that like you know the number of players is going to be large like you know there's going to be lots of players who are going to be innovating and bringing models into open source is not going to be you know like one company that is publishing open source models. Okay, we've only got a few minutes left. I want to make sure I kind of understand this too at the enterprise level and the application level which a lot of people are talking about. You're kind of in the perfect position to see that Glean's own financials, right? I think you guys hit 100 million ARR. &gt;&gt; Um, has that had anything to do with this shakeup with the cost coming down with all with distillation any of these themes? &gt;&gt; I would say no. like you know that's a progressive you know we hit that like you know in our last fiscal year the um like the the momentum for us is actually coming from you know the fact that you know we have a product um that is actually you know a very obvious you know uh thing that you know our customers want like it's you think of like you know Glean is Glean is a better version of chat GPD like you know for your enterprise like you know it's like you know it can actually be useful to you in your day-to-day you know work life And and I think the um people people actually like there's no doubt like you know like every leader in the industry today is focused on AI education like you know they know that AI is a big thing like you know our you know everything is going to get transformed you know their companies is going to get transformed and and well to transform the company you need to make sure that you have the workforce that can actually bring that transformation and so there's a lot of focus on AI education and when you think about education like you know what are the tools like you know how do you actually get people more comfortable with AI like you know we which is sort of like you know like you know the most basic one that you would that you would imagine you want to give to every employee of yours. So so that is what has created momentum for us. &gt;&gt; I mean as a user and I guess that's what people are doing in the enterprise but just as like a consumer of AI and using the different tools. I really loved R1 because you got the thought process is that something that people in the enterprise value too &gt;&gt; 100%. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Why do you think that is? Because I think like the magic you know that you feel with AI is basically you know coming from that you know humanlike reasoning capabilities right you know the models can think because you know like you could always like anything that didn't require thinking where I had to do the thinking I could actually write a program that could do like you know the the rest of the work what what machines couldn't do before was was you know the thinking capabilities and that like you know truly transforms like you know how now you can actually both like you know what kind of systems you can build but also like I think this also democ izing you know the process of now like you know every business you know uh user like every employee in the company they feel that they have the power to create &gt;&gt; right and think about the trust side of it too you can see the reasoning and that's so important in a business process um Arvin I could talk to you for another hour uh and I wish we had another hour but we'll leave it here &gt;&gt; um thank you so much for coming in and talking about all these subjects &gt;&gt; thank you for having
