---
ticker: 1024.HK
type: youtube
title: "Danny Zelisko on Guarantees, Ticket Prices, and Why Some Bands Get Booked (Part 1)"
channel: "Backstage Money Podcast"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPHF-Pq0eOI
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 37123
---

# Danny Zelisko on Guarantees, Ticket Prices, and Why Some Bands Get Booked (Part 1)

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Backstage Money Podcast
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPHF-Pq0eOI

## 转录全文

[music] Welcome to Backstage [music] Money, real world finance for musicians. I'm your host, Jason K. Powers, and this is where music and money collide. Honest stories and practical lessons from people who make it work. Today I am joined by Danny Zaliscoco, concert promoter since 1974, founder of the legendary Evening Star Productions and longtime regional exec for SFX back in the day, now Live Nation, and now head of Danny Zellesco presents, producing some 150 concerts a year, especially in the classic rock and vintage artist area. He has spent a lifetime working with legends and still does. Danny, welcome to the show. Hey, thanks for having me. &gt;&gt; I appreciate you being on. It's It's funny. I had to laugh last time when I, you know, we crossed paths again because we were both at the LA gun show in Denver and I'm up there. I was chitchatting with the guys and I think you came up behind me or something and they all saw you and they're all like, "Hey." And and so you went up there and we're chatting with them and then I think Olga I think was her name. She turned around and handed me her phone was like, "Take our picture or your phone." And so I took your all's picture, but I hadn't put two and two together. I didn't even know who you were standing there in front, I think, because I never had seen you in person, you know? I seen you in a box. You in a box somewhere. &gt;&gt; And so, and then I didn't realize it until I saw you post that picture that I took on your social media. And I was like, wait a minute. I was like, "Oh, that's who that was." &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Ogo was special. Like, I can't wait to see her again. She's very &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It was a fun show. Well, so Danny, tell me I always like to start with an origin story. How did you get into this this thing you do this promotion business for so long? &gt;&gt; Many years ago in a land far away, Chicago, they had a radio station called WLS and there was another one called WCFL in Chicago. They're AM stations. So it was before FM radio. So, this goes back several steps in terms of devices of how to get your music. And but back then, when you look back at what the top 40 was in the early 60s and then into the mid60s, it almost turned into like a progressive rock kind of format, which I love. But prior to the Beatles happening, you had all the great old bands, all the old singers and all those terrific songs, the Dooop and before you heard the blues, you heard Elvis and you heard the Four Seasons and Bobby Ryell and all those guys. We really liked listening to what was on the radio, my brothers and I. and and we would sit with our little transistor radios when we're supposed to be going to sleep and we'd have those under our pillows so our dad couldn't hear them and we would call out the songs or then we'd say, "Okay, name the group." And at a very early age without being instructed, we were identifying the group or the song because if you we figured if you could do both, this was a famous song. This was the mark of a great tune. and we'd argue about whether or not it should be number one or number 10 or number 20. And we had no idea that people did this for a living. &gt;&gt; So, as time went on, a few years of doing that, the uh we started going to the record store, couple miles away. It was near our school, [clears throat] and we'd drive over there on Fridays and pick up the top 40, they called it the Silver Dollar Survey, which came out every Friday with the top 40 songs. and we'd match them up against what we were listening to and making sure that we heard all these songs. It was too early for us to be buying records. And then one day the the guy at the record store by then knew us told me that I would really like this song and he hands me a copy on VJ Records of the Beatles playing Please Me. &gt;&gt; Which came out long before I Want to Hold Your Hand or She Loves You, &gt;&gt; which I still in my head still think of those as later songs. &gt;&gt; Interesting. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And I loved the song and I bought it. It was one of the first records I ever bought. The first one was Puff the Magic Dragon. And albumwise, the first one I had was The Four Seasons with Big Girls Don't Cry on it. And when I heard this Beatles song, I flipped out. I played it for everybody that I knew. Hardly anybody cared. And I mean, and that song's got all of the great marks of great Beatles songs in it. Uh although it wasn't their greatest song, it was one of my favorite because it was the first one that I heard and and and and I started noticing how weird it was that Love Me Do was on a different record label and She Loves You was on a different record label and I Want to Hold Your Hand was on it's four different record labels within a year the Beatles had singles out on. But prior to to I want to hold your hand and and the Ed Sullivan thing, um you know, I I just fell in love with this group, which was like eight or nine months at least before uh the Ed Sullivan show happened in February of 64. And when Ed Svin finally did come around, I was blown away by how taken and smitten everybody became with the Beatles. And I'm sitting there kind of going, "I told you so." You know, they go, "You did not. You didn't tell us." But and I, "Oh, that song, that doesn't count. What do you mean? It doesn't count. It counts to them." And so, without knowing it, without hearing the term, I learned about a group being a baby band. I mean, the Beatles were the definition of a new group, a baby band, which is what, you know, I I later ended up being told were what these groups were to be called. And and so then when they came over and did their touring and and the movies and it showed the bedum and the fun of the concerts and people screaming, it's it was like I was a big baseball and football hockey fan being in Chicago, but seeing this as a completely different form uh of spectator sport, going to concerts, I I love the whole gathering of the tribe, so to speak. uh when you go to a baseball game or we started going to football games a little later where you're gathering with strangers to enjoy the same thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; It was never explained to me. You know what's a concert? Well, you go to a show and you enjoy your favorite band. But the the depth of the sociology of it never really &gt;&gt; it still isn't really talked about that much. But that's the fun of it. The fun of going to a live event is people who like the same thing that don't know each other in the same room enjoying it at the same time. And and I've always enjoyed that. I I lived at Wrigley Field for years. Uh Kamisky Park and the Bears used to play in Wrigley Field. The Wrigley Wrigley Field is like the shrine of all, &gt;&gt; you know. Now they have great concerts there all the time, but I'm long gone. I've only seen one show there in my life. [clears throat] But, uh, anyway, that's that's kind of how it started. Um, I was a baseball player. I was a catcher. I loved doing that. I was going to be in the major leagues. And then all this music crap happened. And and this the 60s developed into more English groups, American groups, the San Francisco groups, and and all these bands that release Woodstock happened. Oh, yeah. in high school. I loved that Woodstock thing. I wish I could have gone, but I'm glad I didn't. I wouldn't have been prepared for it at all. That I would have been uh 14 when that happened. Um but shortly after that 1970 late7172 in high school I started going to a lot of shows uh downtown at the auditorium theater and saw Emerson Lake and Palmer and Pink Floyd and Bowie and T-Rex and Prohum and King Crimson and Humblepie all these fabulous groups Moody Blues when they were all in their prime when they were still all climbing climbing up. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; They I mean to us they were huge and and and we love so much different music. Miles and Pharaoh Sanders and Cold Train and Eric Dolphie. We we love jazz. There was a group of us who were real total musical snobs and and we truly loved all these different genres of music. There was nothing that was too deep for us. and and going to the concerts, you know, was was spiritual at that time. And and one thing led to another and by the time I was getting out of high school, I was really thinking about doing this. &gt;&gt; Mhm. So then &gt;&gt; that's kind of how it that's kind of how it all it all began. They actually they did a concert at my high school that I didn't then still kick myself for. It was Stevie Wonder and the James Gang. It was like four, three or four bucks. &gt;&gt; Um they they must have been, you know, back then groups weren't paid that much to do, &gt;&gt; you know, shows just like baseball players weren't paid very much either. &gt;&gt; Um and tickets weren't that much. So it wasn't like anybody was getting rich off of it. Uh but you know, obviously things escalated and turned into what it's turned into, which is a mindblower. But the the fun part about the 60s was this is when all the groups and society was coming into its own and the music influenced so much. It dictated so much of the way that people behaved and what they thought. There were people who were into this group and not into that group. And that was the difference in classes. The classes wasn't white or black or male or female or young or old. It was just is it good? Do does it stick? And and a lot of us self-appointed experts were the first ones to give our opinions to it. We the shows we went to in Chicago there. It was a Prague rock heaven for us. There was a couple of great little venues that we loved going to the Aragon Ballroom was one and the Auditorium Theater. Those were our two main ones for me. I missed the kinetic playground which had the shows like that Bill Graham did at Fillmore East and West. So I didn't get to be a part of that scene but again I was a little bit on the young side for it. Although you know by the late 60s and early 70s all the older kid influences took over if you know what I mean. &gt;&gt; The preparation we went through for those concerts was pretty amazing. So, did you launch into you were in Chicago, right, when you when you first got into it? So, did you did um was Evening Star Productions the first thing you started or did you kind of phase into that? &gt;&gt; Well, right after high school 72, I went to Berkeley with a couple friends of mine from Chicago and fully intended on moving there and staying there. I wanted out of Chicago. I just other than the weather, I didn't care. I didn't think I could have any opportunity to get into this business. I could play drums, but not a good not good enough to be in a in a big group. I could sing and carry a tune, but not good enough to be that front guy. I should have stayed with baseball. I should have done it. I really should have. I'm I'm really sad about that, but I I wouldn't trade what happened for anything because it all worked out. Uh, but the the real kicker was when I did go to to Berkeley and I got to be involved as a nobody, you know, runner or helper on on a few shows. And one thing led to another, a little security job here, a runner job there, loading in equipment there. Um, by 73, I was convinced I could do this. and my dad and a friend of mine and his dad put together $11,000 to stake me, which doesn't sound like a lot of money these days, but at the time it was a fortune for me anyway. &gt;&gt; Well, at that time, yeah. &gt;&gt; And I booked my first show. It was either at the end of 73 or early 74 was Herby Hancock and Weather Report at the Celebrity Theater, which is a dynamite show. Uh both Herby and Weather Report were getting the played out of them on KDKB which was a great radio station in the 70s in Phoenix and I remember it was April 8th 74 and I'm about to go on sale. It was going to do great. It was at the Celebrity Theater, which I book to this day. And Sal Safian was the agent from ATI New York, calls me up one day in kind of not a good mood and he goes, "Look, we got to postpone the show." I go, "What for?" I mean, it was all set. It was $5,500 for both groups. 3,500 for Herby, two grand for Weather Report. &gt;&gt; And I and and and Head Hunters was just released. And I think if I'm not mistaken was Sweet Nighter that was weather report and I love both bands and Herby was already a legend to me and I was 19 at the time and uh the reason he was postponing was because his agency also booked Deep Purple and they had Deep Purple already booked that night to a [clears throat] place across town called Big Surf which is an outdoor fake wave surf park. &gt;&gt; Okay. and and groups used to play there before I moved there and for a little while afterwards they were there for a few years. Pink Floyd played there, Rod Stewart played there. I remember Tesla played there later, but Deep Purples are played there. So, what's what's the big deal? I mean, nobody I know is going to go to both shows and it's not competition and really wrong about that because I would have gone to either one of those shows if I had money to go to concerts at the time. I really didn't. But he says, "Who plays Gay Purple?" I said, "Katie KB." "Who plays Herby Hancock?" Katie Kab goes, "Case's closed." So, we moved the show to June. The Celebrity Theater wasn't open. Neither was Weather Report. So, I had half the show. And what I didn't know, April was school time and everybody's still around. And in June, people either had summer jobs or they went on vacation with their family &gt;&gt; or whatever. But it was distraction time. Plus, I wasn't in the right hall. I ended up going to Symphony Hall, which is a beautiful place. Um, and that's where I did my first show in Phoenix with Herby Yancock, but I instead of Weather Report, I had Charles Lloyd, who's a great sax player, great jazz guy, but he doesn't mean any tickets. And and at that first show, which I remember as clear as can be. Um, Herby said when he first met me, he didn't know that Charles Light was on the show. He goes, "Oh, yeah. I like Charles Light. He's great." He goes, "But he doesn't sell any tickets." Um, he goes, "You should have just said to me,"Wh don't you do 45 minutes of acoustic piano and and that and advertise that." He goes, "People would have gone crazy to see me do that by myself and then play with the head head hunters afterwards." &gt;&gt; And you know, Jesus, I'm finding out about this album. And he would have done it for the same price, 3500, but I didn't know that. And interesting thing, I tried to get Keith Jarrett to open and he didn't have an agent. I called him myself. I don't know how I got his number and he wanted to kill me because I wanted to mix him with Herby who he felt had sold out by going into funk, you know, and and and I I think Herby proved him wrong with history because he's still as big as he ever was to this day playing the music that made him famous with Miles to begin with. Um, but anyway, that was a a great eye opener and I had a so much fun. We didn't make any money, didn't really lose any money, but it was my entree uh into doing shows in Phoenix. And although that wasn't the very first show, a few weeks earlier I had the Ma Vishnu Orchestra in Tucson and uh only did about a,000 or,00 people about half a house. lost money on that show and I knew it when I booked them but I should have paid more attention to it was people weren't ready for the new Mavs is they were the old one with with the you know Yanhammer and Mclofflin and Billy Cobb um you know that was the group and and unfortunately that wasn't what I got I gotten them it would have sold out and it was really completely different group. The greatest thing about that show and and still haunts me, but it's still funny to this day. I thought I could go and book an opening act without, you know, saying anything. &gt;&gt; So I So I booked this new group called Journey to open for Mahav Vishnu. And the manager, his name is Elliot Sears, I think he's still around, calls me up. He goes, "Hey Danny, Elliot Sir, I manage Mahav Vishnu. Um, is this your first show? I go, "Yeah, why? How do you know?" He goes, "Did you really book Journey without asking anybody or mentioning to anybody like I'm going to have an opening act?" He goes, "It's too early to play Bill Graham. You can't do that with this group." I go, "Why not? 23 people on stage. It's a real orchestra." Which I knew I knew was going to be what was on that album. Uh, and I knew it wasn't the original law of Ishnu, but I booked it anyway and thinking that it would translate and it really didn't. But then I had to call Journey back and fire them over $500, which was when I was paying them. And that was their first show outside of California. &gt;&gt; Was it really? &gt;&gt; And I I got the Wrath of Herby Herbert. &gt;&gt; Is this Is this what 74 74? &gt;&gt; 74. Early 74. So it was an evening with Ma Vishnu and and also again it was in right at the beginning of June, June 2nd in fact and again it was hotter than hell and you and I realized that with my first year of living in Arizona full-time, I learned quickly about school and about the heat and about the summer. Mhm. &gt;&gt; Um, and you know, although I do book shows in the summer, I don't book so many anymore because most of the amphitheaters get everything and and and all the groups that tour in the summer. I'm I'm not in that category anymore. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Anyway, but that's that's how I started doing shows and it it really both in both those cases definite trial and error. &gt;&gt; You know, and and I didn't have the money for trial and error. I don't have it. I don't have it now for trial and error, but I can afford it better now than I did then because just the slightest mistake that the the wrong move, you know, it'll cost you tickets. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Well, you got a few years under your belt now. &gt;&gt; Cost me tickets. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. You've got a few years under your belt. You've been doing this for a minute. And so, you've been doing this for a minute. You got any good stories for us? I know there's a Frank Zappa story in there somewhere. There's, you know, I could probably look at a list of shows and tell you something about any of them. I mean, who do you want to hear about? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think you had a Frank Zappa &gt;&gt; or Halloween story. &gt;&gt; The the Frank story is was a funny one. Um, I was doing shows in a lot of different places with Frank with Fred Ornau from JAM Productions in Chicago and we we became affiliated and and Jam and I worked together for over 20 years. They were like a silent partner who at the very beginning helped fund me um with some deposits and things like that and and some connections. And I I was already on my way when I met up with them. I was already booking shows and doing stuff, but their help and their credib credibility definitely helped me out. Anyway, I'm doing some shows with Zappa with Fred and we had one at the Old Lady of Brady in Tulsa and it was on Halloween night and as I remembered it was I believe we had two sellouts that night and we had masks made up and I had somebody draw Frank Zappa face and the hardest thing was getting the rubber thing the rubber band around the back so he could hold it on And our idea was Frank would come out on stage for the first show and we'd turn the lights up before the show started, right when he was going to start. And you, you know, you really don't want to mess with Frank, especially, and this was right after, well, not right after, it was probably late 70s, early 80s. So, this was after Flow and Eddie, after Overnight Sensation. Frank was a big star. We're selling out two shows at 8,000 tickets. He is a big star. And &gt;&gt; he goes out and the lights are about to blow up with the stage and everything. And we have the house lights go on. Everybody's sitting there with their Frank mask on. And he's just about to start and he just lost it. And he [laughter] looks like And we're rolling, laughing, crying, his crew, us and everything. And he goes to the microphone and pure Frank's style and goes, "Well, needless to say, I'm very surprised, but you are the best looking audience I've ever seen." [laughter] And and he never forgot that. I I thought that was great. Um, &gt;&gt; the the greatest thing about Frank, way earlier on, 1973, before I did any shows, they played and I was a huge Zappa fan from the time Lumpy Gravy came out and Absolutely Free and were only in it for the money. I loved those records as a kid in grade school. Me and a friend of mine listen to them nonstop. We just, you know, and and all the good music we listen to is 10 year olds, 11 year olds. I mean, really great music. My parents hated it. My mom especially. Oh my god, he's so ugly. Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know, she hated Frank because just to the way he looked, the hair and everything. And and I knew every word to every song on those records. And he was playing at the Celebrity Theater, which I frequented prior to doing shows there. And I got backstage, I met Ruth Underwood, and I met Ian Underwood and who were my idols. I just love them from those Zap albums. They were big stars to me. I was very impressed with them. They introduced me to Frank and one thing led to another and I talked my way into an audition with Frank Zappa to sing with him. And he goes, "Well, we're going to be recording at Ike uh Ike Turner's Secret Sound Studios in Studio City. Why don't you come down? I'll give you a whirl. Let's see if you got it." &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So, I actually made my way there. I had no money, but I managed to get there. He right on time. I go there and he comes out of the studio, comes out to get me in the lobby. He's wearing his SG. Um, and he goes, "Come on, we'll do it right now." As we're walking in, he puts his armor on. He goes, "You can read music, right?" &gt;&gt; No, not so much. &gt;&gt; He uh he stops. He goes, "Before we go in, I'm not going to let you do this. I'm not going to let you audition until you learn how to read music. I've had this problem with my band for years. They get mad at me when I go back and redo their parts because they don't know how to play it until I show them. So, I figure, save the time. I'll show them later. I'll record it my way. And he goes, "I don't want to do that anymore." Yeah. Tell that to Joe Satriani and Adrien Belaloo, which, you know, didn't know how to read music either. U Oh, we got right in. C5, &gt;&gt; you know, and I wasn't playing guitar, though. I was just gonna sing it. He goes, I'm not going to do this. So, that was one of the things also that pushed me out the door of I knew baseball was gone. Now, I knew music was gone because I would have to read music. Something in my head would not allow me to go out and learn how to read it. And I should have. I mean, you should know how to read music anyway. Um, but I didn't pay attention in class well enough because they tried to teach me and but that was another reason why I I moved on. &gt;&gt; Well, so Danny, in playing English, you know, what does a concert promoter actually do from first phone call to final settlement? Give us kind of the the bridge, you know, here's here's how from a band's perspective, you know, what do you do from start to finish? Well, the the thing that a promoter supplies and what what I I try to do is I mean you got to be the expert it helps if you love the music to begin to begin with, but you you got to be aware of what the group means in the marketplace. &gt;&gt; You got to have the right places to do the shows. Um you have to be welcomed by those people. You have to know at the time, not so much anymore, but you had to know the people at the radio stations. I mean, it was crucial to me. It still is crucial. &gt;&gt; But it's very sad that radios turned the way it is. &gt;&gt; I mean, they're like 7-Elevens as opposed to personally owned Delicate Testament. Um, everybody does it the same way. They play the same crap over and over and over again. No disrespect to the groups that they play because many of them have had a some part in their careers or we've done shows together. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; Whatever. But no, nothing against that. Good for them. But how many more times does Led Zeppelin need to be played? &gt;&gt; You know, do I need to hear more than a Feeling by Boston? One more time, &gt;&gt; you know? And it's like all the airplay these guys give all those stars. Great songs, great music, but we're tired of it. Fellas, play us just continue to feed us new music along with music that's a little obscure that maybe we miss and mix that stuff in. I'm a happy camper. When people come to town, play their music and and they don't. I mean, I had to beg people to play Jeff Beck when he sold out. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Doesn't it matter what? It's research to acknowledge success. And if somebody sells out a concert on any given night of the week in any given month, &gt;&gt; there's something very special about them to get people to drop whatever they're doing in their lives &gt;&gt; and go to a show. &gt;&gt; So, you know, that's that was that's one of the things that you have to do as a promoter is you you got to have all those things together. Then you got to have some money or connections so that you can rent the hall and so you can start promoting the show, which costs money. Um, you have to set up everything from the beginning. You have to order what stage hands they're going to need the day of the show. The hall typically provides all the in-house features like security and ticket selling and ticket taking and ushers. You got to learn about all that and and know it. So, you sell the tickets, you promote the show, the group comes in, now you got to put on the show. &gt;&gt; And and pretty much all of it's done in advance with your phone calls and your advance work and everything. You got to feed the band backstage. You got to feed the crew in most cases because it's easier to feed them there than have them break for an hour and leave the facility. You want to keep them close. &gt;&gt; You got to open the doors up and you got to you got to put on a show. &gt;&gt; You got to pay the band. You got to pay all those people that I just talked about &gt;&gt; sooner or later. Usually sooner. If they don't know you beforehand. &gt;&gt; Once they know you, you can pretty much do normal business type of stuff. Um but until they know you, you know, you got to work your way through it. Again, more trial and error. uh and try to do things as professionally as possible, as economically as possible, and always with a little bit of flare they're going to remember you for. Hopefully the show works out, and the next time they tour, uh you get them back again. &gt;&gt; And and when you don't get them back, it usually means you did something bad. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You screwed you screwed up somewhere. But the promoter is the local representative for any band touring or local band. And and the idea is you you push them out in front of every other show and and try to make it important enough for people to, you know, to buy a ticket and attend. &gt;&gt; So do you handle so who approaches you the most? maybe the artist directly in your case or the the managers or I mean the &gt;&gt; who's most national artists which is who I work with. I mean I work with local bands not as much as I used to because for the most part bands either do evening with anymore or they bring somebody with them. Um you know but I hate it when somebody says they're going to do 75 minutes and they want to do an evening with. I go, that's not an evening with. That's an hour and 15 minutes with. &gt;&gt; And I don't like charging people $ five dollar, much less $100 for a 75 minute show. I think they deserve to see somebody else. Maybe they like somebody else and they learn about a new group. That's what happened with me when I went to my early shows is I loved it when a great opening act would appear, especially if I already liked them. Like Emerson Lake and Palmer was sold out and then they added Yes. after it was sold out and it was a first time. Yes. Played in Chicago. It was mindblowing to get those two on the same bill. I mean, and this is when they were young and hungry and so into the making. &gt;&gt; Both groups. Um anyway, where were we? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So when you get approached or &gt;&gt; so usually usually it's a booking agent who will call you and and the the booking agent is the one who calls on or seeks promoters from like say a group says I want to tour in April next year and I want to do the west coast. So, they'll go through all the states and they'll go and get their offers from people typically that they know, promoters they've already done business with. Or in some cases, you'll have a young guy come up who isn't wellknown and he'll raise his hand and he'll reach out and he'll say, "I want to book so and so." And they'll say, "Well, we've already got a promoter for that." Or make an offer. And you you go through the ritual of making the offer. Um, the bands have managers which the booking agent's going to clear the date with. The manager speaks on behalf of the group, but the agent basically speaks on behalf of the group, but through the manager. &gt;&gt; Okay? &gt;&gt; So, it it it's a mixture of stuff. Sometimes I'll want to book a group, so I'll find out who books them and I'll call them up or write him a note and talk to him about it. Uh, but in most cases, a booking agent will call you up because he knows you're in the area from doing other shows and they know they can trust you and you're going to pay the group and not screw it up. &gt;&gt; Um, and you're past all that. So, they're calling you whenever they know they've got the show that you may or may not want to book. Um, then it comes down to does the group mean something in the market? And this is this is where the crystal ball comes in. &gt;&gt; There you go. &gt;&gt; You need the crystal ball. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Or you need to know enough about your market and that band and the fans in your marketplace to determine is this worth the risk. How many people do I've got do I got to sell tickets to? Not just to break even, but to make money because that's our goal is to make money. The band wants to make money. I want to make money. But first and number one on top of the list for doing concerts, it's about the music and having an audience with fans that love them. and you're going to reach those people and you're going to get them to come to the show and that's why you get to be a successful or in demand concert promoter. &gt;&gt; Once you start doing that as I did, you make a name for yourself and and you become the guy in that area that people are calling on. And it's it's very similar, you know, to what a band with a following. promoters become known for putting on quality events, &gt;&gt; bringing great bands, and the word gets around of who you've worked with and what you're up to and and they go out, you know, they they see it from afar and they go, I want to work with that guy. Now, remember back in the 70s and the 80s and the 90s, this is all before computers. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you know, I mean, you when I look back, I'm think what what do we have logs out there and we're playing to each other. What we had was we had telephones. We actually had to talk to people. Oh my god. &gt;&gt; Phone and talk to somebody. Y &gt;&gt; you you actually have to communicate with somebody directly. We didn't have this set up with the Zooms and all that, but and you would when you were booking an act, you'd have to call that agent up typically in New York or Los Angeles. And you'd have to go through every expense with them and tell them, you know, because that's what they wanted. They wanted to know how much was the show going to cost to put on. Then you add the artist fee, total it up, you've got X amount of tickets. You got to figure out what the right ticket price is. take into consideration at that time how much people are typically getting for shows and and oftentimes the manager or the agent will say to you well how much is so and so charging that's what I want to charge &gt;&gt; or guys like Bob Seager or the Grateful Dead would always go how much are the other guys charging we're going to charge less &gt;&gt; Gar Brooks was like that there wasn't a lot of groups that did it that way but it's funny that all those groups remain popular forever Right. &gt;&gt; I mean, they looked out for their fans. &gt;&gt; Many people back then, just like now, it's like, "How much can I make? I want to make as much as I possibly can." The problem with that is it gets passed on to the customer &gt;&gt; and the customer just like a tariff. The customer has to pay that tariff. That group wants 50 grand instead, but they belong in the 20 to 30,000 range. So that you can charge you. There's that certain point in your career, second time in, maybe even the third time in, third or fourth time in, if you're going to be anything, you better be selling out the halls you're in or going into bigger halls. &gt;&gt; But even if you stay in the same size hall for a while, doesn't mean you're a loser. It just means you have maybe you're an eclectic artist and you're not going to appeal to as many people as the Eagles, &gt;&gt; you know, and uh may maybe you're gentle giant. you're only gonna draw a thousand people, &gt;&gt; which is a thousand amazing people that love an amazing group, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; But that's, you know, that's how the circle kind of works. You know, you you've got to be there to the point where you I find that over the years there were people who knew me before I knew them because of having worked the market for so long. And and I'm the guy that they wanted to work with, which is terribly flattering, but they're right. I'm the most best equipped to to work with that artist in the market at that time. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's a lot of discussion going on in general. You know, some of the artists we have on we talking about whether they should charge, how much they should charge, you know, if if the newer guys should be out there doing whatever giveaway stuff they can do, if they should, you know, there's a big there's almost a polarity in that discussion on doing anything for free or very cheap versus leveling the the marketing price point, if you will. You know, &gt;&gt; you know, one of one of the most important things that I ask when I'm booking groups nowadays, because everybody's all over the road with how much they want. &gt;&gt; And and most in most case, like somebody says, "So and so is going to tour." For a second, I get excited. Yeah. I want to do that. And I'm going, "Oh, what are they going to ask for?" &gt;&gt; Uh, the other day there there was a a good package uh run by way run by me and I'm going 75 to 100 grand. They quoted me 250. &gt;&gt; But I'm not going to say who it was because I don't want to embarrass them and I may want to do the show if they come down in their price. But everybody and especially in the older demo, they're not in this for their jollies anymore. They're not in here to go out and meet girls or get high or get out of the house and go tour. They're there to make money. And and the thing is though is you want to make money continuously. You never want to quit making money. You never want to quit touring when you're a popular touring group. One of the best surefire ways to do it is to give bad shows and charge too much. If you give great shows, you can keep your your ticket price up there. But you want to leave people something so they can buy some drinks at the show, have dinner before the show, pay for the babysitter, and not bankrupt them after all these expenses that go in for the normal person to buy a show ticket. And and I don't think a lot of people really take that into consideration anymore because it's really and it typically always is a sellers market from the booking agent side because there's competitors that I'll have. I'm not the biggest promoter in town anymore &gt;&gt; and and there's always somebody else willing to pay more they can absorb if it loses. To them, it's about market position and and and owning everything for their, you know, in the case of Live Nation and their stock plays. They want to look good to everybody out there because people buy stock. It's a different business than what I'm in. &gt;&gt; Um because I don't I don't have that stock play. And I'm not saying I wouldn't mind being a position myself, &gt;&gt; but the fact is nobody else is quite like them. And they've done a hell of a job as far as all that goes, but in doing so, they squashed a lot of people and uh and and and it's kind of a monopoly in the sense that they're really people aren't really able to make choices when they go into various markets. When you got one one promoter that's so big, they have every room from small to big.
