---
ticker: 1024.HK
type: youtube
title: "Kuaishou Technology (HKEX: 1024; RMB Counter: 81024) Q1 2025 Earnings Call | 05/27/2025"
channel: "Inside Ticker"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-rOjqdp2I9o
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 44905
---

# Kuaishou Technology (HKEX: 1024; RMB Counter: 81024) Q1 2025 Earnings Call | 05/27/2025

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Inside Ticker
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-rOjqdp2I9o

## 转录全文

Welcome to Qual Technology first quarter 2025 financial results conference call. Please note that English simultaneous interpretation will be provided for management prepared remarks. This English line will be in listenonly mode. I'll now turn the call over to Mr. Matthew J VP of capital market and investor relations at Quo Technology. Good evening and good morning to everyone. Welcome to Quoial Technology first quarter 2025 financial results conference call. Joining us today are Mr. Chisha, co-founder, chairman and CEO and Mr. Chiming, chief financial officer. Before we start, please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements which involve number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results and outcomes may differ from those discussed. The company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking information except as required by law. For all important information about this call, including forwardlooking statement, please refer to the company's public information or the first quarter 2025 results announcement called the March 31st, 2025 issued earlier today. During today's call, management would also discuss certain nonFRS financial measures. These are provided for additional information and should not replace FRS based financial results. For definition of nonfrs financial measures by reconsideration of IFRS to nonFRS uh financial results and the related risk factors, please refer to our first quarter 2025 results announcement. For today's school, management will use Chinese as the main language. A third party interpreter will provide some in English interpretation in the prepared remarks session and the consecutive interpretation during the Q&amp;A session. Please note that English interpretation is for convenience purpose only in case of any discrepancy management statements is in their original language will prevail. Lastly, unless otherwise stated all currency in mentioned are in R&amp;B, I will hand the call over to EA. Hello everyone. Welcome to Qual Q1 2025 earnings conference call. In Q1, despite a complex and evolving global micro environment, we achieve a solid financial performance through the continued integration of AI technology across our businesses. These intelligent upgrades have strengthened both our content and business ecosystem. Across our platform, users and content creators enjoy better experience and merchants online marketing clients operational efficiency improved. As a result, our average DA use on the Quest app reached a record high of 48 million in Q1. Our total revenue grew by 10.9% year-over-year to 32.6 billion R&amp;B. GP margin approached uh 55%. Adjusted net profit reached 4.6 billion R&amp;B with a 14% adjusted net margin. Our new businesses have continued to deliver promising results demonstrating strong momentum for second growth curve. Cling AI maintain it to global leadership in advance the technology while accelerating use of commercialization generating over 150 million R&amp;B in revenue in Q1. Our strategic focus on core international markets is also beginning to yield tangible results for our overseas business. After two years of execution, our overseas business delivered first ever quarter of operating profit Q1 with steadily increasing revenue growth. Next, I'd like to elaborate on how the progress of our key business segments in Q1. First, AI strategy. Queen AI will continue to advance the quality and effectiveness of our large video generation models while launching more innovative features to meet a diverse range of user needs. In April, we launched a clean AI 2.0 video generation uh model marking a significant upgrade to the large model and its global debut and setting new global benchmarks in motion quality, semantic responsiveness and a visual aesthetics. This uh latest version also marked the official debut of our breakthrough concept of interaction multiodule visual language. Building on this uh foundation, we introduced a multiodule editing feature that allows users to combine various inputs such as images, videos, voice, and motion path to produce a customized videos that better reflect their creative intent. Creators can also add, remove, or replace visual elements in generated videos by using image or text prompts, giving them greater creative control throughout the editing process. Clean as realistic pursuit of the state-of-the-art large model video generation technology and performance has earned it a widespread reputation from subscribers and the corporate clients around the world contributing to rapid revenue growth. In Q1 alone, revenue from Queen AI reached 150 million R&amp;B. Today, Queen AI is being used across a range of industries from advertising to marketing, film, animation, forplays. This growing adoption reinforces our belief that clean has uh the potential to become the foundational infrastructure. We have integrated AI technology across our businesses embedding AI capabilities through our content and business ecosystems. Large models have deepened our understanding of content and user interest allowing us to precisely match user demand with content value. In turn, this increased user time spent and activity on our platform. AI technology is also embedded across our online marketing solutions. IGC, marketing, material production, marketing uh placement agents, large marketing recommendation models, and large bidding inference models have all improved and boosted our clients marketing conversion efficiency. In Q1, average daily advertising spending on IGC marketing materials remained 30 million. We also introduced a real-time interaction feature for our digital human live streaming rooms, which led to an increase in conversion rates. In the e-commerce scenario, we heightened a matching accuracy between users and merchandise based on large model structured understanding of product attributes. Tools like AI intelligent customer service, AI trials, smart uh product presentation fortified e-commerce merchants marketing capabilities, reducing their operating cost and amplifying operational efficiency. Second, user growth and content ecosystem. In Q1, average DAUs on a Quest app reached 48 million and MAU 712 million, up by 3.6% and 2.1% year-over-year, respectively. Average DAUs on Quest app set a new record exceeding 400 million for the third consecutive quarter. The average daily time spent per DAU on Quest app was 133.8 eight minutes. While total user time spent rose by 5.9% year on year in Q1. Our refined user growth strategy lowered average user acquisition costs. For example, we increase the users rate of opening the app by optimizing the push strategy and product form among other measures. On top of that, with a steady supply of rich high quantity quality content, ongoing improvements for traffic distribution system and diverse community features, we elevated content consumption experience with a better user retention rate. Chinese New Year has always been a key period for user growth and brand marketing. For 2025 Chinese New Year holiday, we created a festive online celebration for our 400 million users, offering engaging interactive features and extensive content matrix. interactive elements effectively sparked the greater social interactions across the platform. During the campaign, the periods of average daily new mutual mutual followers s by over 40%. And the number of active daily private messages among users with mutual followers grew by 100%. Our extensive Chinese New Year's content lineup including the online festive fairs qualing TV supreme uh festival gala delivered the deeply immersive content to consumption experience. The continent generated over 15 billion live streaming views and over 200 billion short video views with focus on quial traditional stronghold in northeast China and through a series of events such as the qual winter Olympics lul grand stage and the northeast comedy show. We also entered the penetration of a characteristic native content and its influence in dominant region. In sports we entered a new phase of strategic collaboration with NBA China and continuing to be an official short video platform and video content creation community for NBA China. Together, we're building a diversified content matrix, including short videos of game recaps, NBA themed variety shows, and micro short plays and interactive live stream programs with NBA stars bring users more engaging content interaction. Third, online marketing services. In Q1, revenue from online marketing services grew 8% year-on-year to 18 billion R&amp;B. By integrating AI across our online marketing solutions, we enabled clients from content consumption, e-commerce, local leads, and other sectors improve their brand marketing efficiency and achieve better conversion outcomes. This in turn led to more budgets from marketing clients. We also apply large uh language models, content understanding and reasoning capabilities to improve the results of marketing content recommendations with combined of chain of fault reasoning based on user behavior. This enhancement further improve the conversion efficiency of marketing materials. In Q1, external marketing services remain a primary growth driver for online marketing services with particularly strong contributions from the content consumption and the local service sectors. For the content consumption sector, marketing spending from short plays experience a strong year-on-year growth. We encourage marketing clients to align their campaigns with the native in platform content operations such as short plays, mini games and novels which increase the content value and foster user stickiness while also deepening the platform's understanding of user preference. For the local service sector, we provided solutions and algorithm optimizations that were better aligned with customers various needs. For example, we offer multiple lead based solutions including native private messaging and lead form collection helping them to reach customers and improve conversion rate. In Q1, marketing spending from local services uh industry jump over 60% yearonear in terms of intelligent product placement solutions penetration rate of UX placement solutions continue to rise making up more than 60% of total external marketing spending Q1. Additionally, we actively explore and refine our closed loop marketing solutions to support e-commerce commer uh merchants in building more intelligent omni domain operations on quite hardening their operational effectiveness and a pen shelf uh based e-commerce segment to introduce merchants high quality content and products through optimized marketing placement to sales funnels and our enhanced algorithm strategies improve the matching efficiency. This endeavors increase merchants marketing budgets in terms of intelligent efficiency enhancement. Our omno platform marketing agent 4.0 delivered greater stability in merchants omni domain ad ad placements offering a richer variety of control tools and en enabling more convenient operations. In Q1 e-commerce merchants using the omnipatform marketing agent 4.0 or smart hosting products contributed 6% of total closed loop marketing spending. Fourth e-commerce business in Q1 e-commerce GMBB grew by 15.4% 4% yearonear to 332.3 billion R&amp;B with the number of e-commerce monthly average active paying user reaching one of 35 million. We continue to optimize consumer shopping experience. We empower more merchants and the ks to expand are their operations on quite by capitalizing on the omni domain synergies between condom based scenarios and pen shelf based e-commerce. In Q1, small and medium-sized merchants on Quo grew rapidly, many driven by our ongoing efforts to enhance support for the new merchants and application of large models across various scenarios. The number of newly onboard merchants rose by over 30% yearon year in Q1, benefiting from early stage traffic support and a series of cost reduction policies for new merchants. Moreover, we continue to align incentives and subsidy options to merchants key growth cycles. In particular, we launched a five major programs including fasttrack access, targeted promotions, subsidy incentives, and more to assist the export restricted companies to tap into the domestic market. But at the same time, we advanced the use of AI large models across merchants operations. In Q1, we provided live streaming merchants with a full set of intelligent streaming tools, including AI generated scripts, subscription parameters, smart audio commentary, and intelligent product selection. The adoption of these tools has helped more merchants achieve operational breakthroughs. In Q1, we advanced our K e-commerce by establishing dedicated merchandise operation centers to support KS in distributing high quality products at a greater scale, further strengthening our control over merchandise selection and supply. We also deployed K and operational resources across our platform to engage socialized brands through structured platform endorsed groups during the Chinese New Year shopping season. We launched a new year blockbuster initiative to focus on high demand product categories and integrate platform wide setting capabilities by introducing premium products at competitive prices. We also fortify the price advantage of individual items by providing subsidies on uh top of the affordable prices helping kas reach the product selection in their live streaming rooms lowering the threshold of order placement conversion and increase in sales for small and mediumsiz kas we supported their efficient growth through initiatives like our rising star initiative by offering traffic initiatives cash support and the city level operation support we successfully expanded our medium uh tier ko base during the women's uh promote uh the promotion day GMBB from K rose by 30% and the GM from small and mediumsized K search by over 50% a year on year basis in terms of diversified scenarios we continue to enhance our threein-one business model that combines live streaming shopping and short video in Q1 pen shelf based e-commerce GMV once again outperform overall GMV growth accounting for about 30% of the total e-commerce GMV with steady improvements on both the supply and demand side in Q1 One average daily steady active merchants grew by over 40 40% yearonear driven by our proactive efforts to tap into industrial zones to attract quality merchants enrich our supply base and broaden our product selection. We also benefited from enhanced traffic uh support across recommendations search channels and stores during the women's day promotion pen shelf based e-commerce GMV and search induced e-commerce GMV soared by 51% and one or eight% yearonear respectively. Short video e-commerce GMV also saw strong momentum increased by over 40% yearon year as we made e-commerce content more expressive and engaging by embedding short video into live streaming. The synergy between the short video display advantage and live streaming's um high conversion efficiency increased content diversity and drove more efficient user conversion. Furthermore, our large A model expertise has elevated the overall service capabilities of e-commerce merchants by utilizing large model agent technology and multimodule capabilities. The resolution rate of our intelligent customer service increased to 80% in Q1. This lowered merchants cost and shortened the average response time improving the overall user experience. Our AI capabilities continue to upgrade our e-commerce infrastructure. AI has deepened intelligent applications in product information construction, recommendation, algorithm optimization and content creation tools, strengthening the customer product matching and simplifying content production for merchants. And these advancement injected incre incremental momentum into our e-commerce system. Next, regarding our live streaming business, in Q1, live streaming revenue returned to positive growth trajectory, increasing 14.4% yearon year to 9.8 billion R&amp;B propelled by a firm focus on a diverse top tier content. We made consistent efforts to build a healthy stable live streaming oper ecosystem to amplify the value of live streaming content consumption. We further strengthen our operation in core categories including multi-host and group live streaming. By the end of Q1, the number of our partner talent agencies had grown by over 25% yearon year and talent agency management streamers increased by over 40% year on year. We also double down on developing premium grand stage content to help streamers and Kos efficiently retain followers and unlock more monetization potential. At the same time, we can introduce the targeted support policies and optimize the traffic mechanisms bringing offline entertainment and the cultural consumption format online and fosters the organic offline online interactions with enhances users interest and engagement in high quality live streaming content. We continue to strengthen our gaming content ecosystem by deeply uh integrating short video live streaming and community operations with help game developers break through traditional promotional barriers. We also collaborated with major e sports events on live streaming, copyrights and cooperated IP based events while operating our own EPS uh sports uh team KSG. These endeavors drove more exploration and innovation aimed at combining gaming and entertainment live streaming content beyond content. Our live streaming uh plus strategy continued to empower traditional industries in QR. Our daily number of users submitting re résumés on quite higher increased by over 1 and 10% number of matches grew by over 300% year on year. In ideal housing the daily lead generation search by 150%. Finally in terms of our overseas business and local services progress. In Q1 our overseas business continue to make steady progress with revenue rising by 32.7% to 1.32 billion R&amp;B. Online marketing services maintain strong year-on-year momentum with effective cost and expense control. Our overseas business achieved a quarterly operational profitability for the first time. We further improved overseas customer acquisition efficiency by focusing targeted promotion on high value demographics. This contributed to steady DOU growth in Brazil, one of our core international markets. Following the tremendous success of sponsoring the Brazil Brazil reality of TripleB last year, we doubled down our strategic partnership to become this year's exclusive official short review partner of TripleB 2025. This boosted quite brand visibility in Brazil and delivered the richer pen entertainment content and interactive experience to local users. supported by our sustained algorithm and traffic optimization. The average daily time spent per DAU in Brazil continue to grow steadily both year on year and quarter over quarter. On the monetization front, we leverage our strong base of extensive local content to t advertisers in building new content driven marketing approach that uses multiple produce product formats to reach their target user groups. At the same time, our e-commerce business in Brazil saw healthy growth in order volume supported by discipline ROI management. In Q1, our local services business deepened its presence in larger cities. We refined our operations around city clusters, leveraging our user base to offer high value for money local products and services through dedicated small city projects. We further expanded our presence in these markets and driving a local services GMV to s sustain rapid year-on-year growth in Q1. Over 65% of its growth came from lower tier cities. Category wise, instore dining services remain the backbone of our local service business with steady growth. The general in store business has seen balance the development across the on-site retail, leisure, entertainment and other categories. On the supply side is the number of active merchants and available merchandise grew by 81% and 71.3% yearonear respectively in Q1. We also encourage merchants uh to adopt the self operated live streaming which uh together with their employees promotions and KI distribution uh with the support from AIGC driven content creation tools. This allowed us to scale both the quality and the volume of content more efficiently helping merchants gain high quality traffic exposure. Greater product and content uh supply drove user transaction conversion with the number of average monthly paying users increasing by 73.1% YI in Q1. Regarding monetization, we further optimize our local advertising uh products improving the native operation of leads and traffic allocation strategy which reinforced the effectiveness of merchants marketing placements. As a result, uh local service revenue rose twofold year on year. In addition, our dual engine promotion strategy combining large scale campaign with a targeted small scale promotions improved both merchant uh marketing efficiency and effectiveness of their subsidies leading to continued loss narrowing for our local service business. To conclude, facing a complex and evolving marketing environment, we will remain committed to our founding mission and user centric approach. Through AI technology, we're fortifying questions content and business ecosystems while pushing the boundaries of monetization. We're confident that by staying focused on a long-term technology investment and delivering real user value, we will be able to rise above short-term cycles while improving user experience, empowering industries, and giving merchants and marketing clients more tools to drive quality efficiency will create more value for shareholders. This concludes my remarks and now the financial part. Thank you, Isaia. Uh, hello everyone. During the first quarter, we advanced our iterative upgrade of our clean AI large model to further strengthen our core competitiveness. Meanwhile, we enhanced the user experience and help online marketing clients and merchants improve operational efficiency and expand their businesses with rich content and continuously optimize the traffic coordination mechanism. These efforts result in healthy and steady growth in both our operating metrics and financial performance, laying a solid definition to support our fullear goal. In Q1, our total revenue increased by 10.9% yearonear to 32.6 billion R&amp;B and adjusted net profit reach of 4.6 billion R&amp;B representing adjusted net margin of 14%. In particular, our overseas business delivered its first ever quarter of operating profit in Q1. Now, let's take a closer look at um our Q1 financial performance. Our total revenue grew 9 uh 10.9% yearonear to 32.6 uh billion Q1. The increase was driven by growth across each of our core business including online marketing services, e-commerce and live streaming. Online marketing services revenue increased by 8% to 18 billion R&amp;B in Q1 uh from 16.7 billion in Q1 last year. This increase was driven by the food process application of uh AI technology in our online marketing solutions which uh significantly enhanced our marketing materials conversion efficiency and led to increased consumption from marketing clients. Revenue from other services including e-commerce reached uh 4.8 billion in Q1 up 15.2% from uh 4.2 billion RB in the same period last year. This increase was mainly attributable to the growth in e-commerce GMBB which boosted e-commerce commission income. Leveraging our refined omni domain operations and AI empowerment across various scenarios. We further elevated a number of e-commerce monthly active paying users and monthly active merchants. In Q1, we also uh provided merchants and KLS with richer marketing tools and a more diverse traffic incentives, helping them grow rapidly and expand their businesses. In Q1, our live streaming revenue was 9.8 billion R&amp;B, an increase of of 14.4% from 8.6 billion R&amp;B in Q1 last year, resumeuming positive yearover-year growth. We're committed to building a long-term and sustainable live streaming ecosystem. By refining our operations and consistently developing diverse content categories, we further increased user engagement with high quality live streaming content. Cost of revenue increased by 11.5% yearon year in tier 1 to 14.8 billion R&amp;B accounted for 45.4% of total revenue. The increase was mainly due to increased revenue sharing costs and related uh taxes in line with our revenue growth partially offset by decreases in depreciation of property and equipment and the right of use assets and moreization of intangible assets. In Q1 gross profit grew by 10.4% yearonear to 17.8 billion GP margin was a 54.6% 6% increase of 6% each point sequentially. Moving to expenses, setting and marketing expenses increased by 5.5% yearon year to 9.9 billion accounting for 30.4% of total revenue, dropping from 31.9% Q1 last year. The increase in selling and marketing expenses was mainly due to increased spending on business promotions including online marketing services and e-commerce businesses. While the decline as a percentage of total revenue was attributable to our improved operational efficiency, R&amp;D expense uh was 3.3 billion rising by 16 16% yearonear accounting for 10.1% of total revenue. But in relative expenses increased by 79.2% yearonear to 828 million R&amp;B accounting for 2.5% of total revenue. The increase in R&amp;D and administrative expenses was many due to a higher employee benefit expenses including related sharebased compensation expenses. Group level net profit for Q1 was 4 billion R&amp;B. Group level adjusted net profit rose 4.4% yearonear to 4.6 billion R&amp;B with an adjusted net margin of 14%. Our balance sheet remains robust with a cash and cash equivalents, time deposit, restricted cash and wealth management products totaling 94 billion R&amp;B as of March 31st, 2025. We generated positive operating net cash flow of 3.3 billion R&amp;B in Q1. Additionally, we actively delivered on our commitment to shareholder returns by the end of market close today. We repurchased an aggregated aggregate of approximately 1.42 billion Hong Kong dollars or 29.19 million shares which accounted for about 68% of our total shares outstanding within the year 2025. Looking ahead we will remain focused on our user needs promoting healthy and prosperous development of our content and business ecosystem. Additionally, we will firmly execute our AI strategy and explore diverse growth avenues while fortifying our existing business, driving consistent business and development and creating long-term value for users, partners, and shareholders. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operators, please now open the call for questions. [Music] We will now begin the question and answer session. If you like to ask question, please press star one and wait for our name to be announced. One moment for the first questions. Felix Le. The first questions come from Felix Le of UBS. Please go ahead. Thank you management for taking my question. Uh could management provide an update on clean AI's commercialization? Uh what are the main growth drivers and what is the growth strategy for clean AI going forward? Thank you. Thank you for your question. Built upon the world's leading continuously iterated technologies with advanced product capabilities. Clean AI's commercialization scale has accelerated since the beginning of this year. In Q1, revenue from Clean AI reached 150 million R&amp;B. In terms of its revenue mix, paid consumer subscriptions currently account for almost 70% of Clean AI's revenue. Consumers such as uh professional independent video creators and advertising and marketing professionals combine the dissemination attributes of individual subscribers with the purchasing power of corporate clients. The number of paid consumer subscribers and their AR pool are increasing rapidly driving strong growth in consumer subscription revenue. At the same time, Clean AI provides API services to over 10,000 corporate clients across industries such as professional content creation platforms, advertising, marketing, film and animation, game production, smart devices, achieving an exceptionally high renewal rate. We believe clean AI is set to become the new foundational infrastructure for video creation across even more industries going forward. In April this year, we announced a major upgrade to Queen AAI's video generation foundation model and launched Queen AI 2.0 master edition for global users. Queen AI 2.0 O significantly improves the motion quality, semantic responsiveness, and a visual aesthetics, greatly expanding the upper limit of a large video generation models creation capabilities and meeting the more complex needs of professional creators. We will launch more versions with cost effective advantages in the near future, providing users a wider range of options to meet diverse video creation needs across various scenarios. Fore again. for AI. All right. Next, we plan to maintain a global leading position of Queen's foundational model by continuously iterating its technological capabilities and engineering innovation while enhancing user experience through ongoing product innovation. Additionally, we will continue to carry out relevant operational activities particularly in overseas regions to grow our user base. For example, our nextgen new image venture capital plan supports emerging AIGC creators with strong content and technical expertise by offering funding, global promotional resources, professional IP incubation systems, and a stable computing power. The plan has already delivered breakthrough results with the global premiere of the trailer for the first AI short play series, New World is loading. The food short play will be released soon. Meanwhile, we have also increased the feed ads and other forms of marketing placements, but these will be conducted on a limited scale based on strict ROI considerations. In summary, cleaning AI success has reinforced our confidence in pursuing our focused strategy, including investments in organizational synergy, computing power, algorithm enhancement, and data accumulation to maintain clean AI's industry advantages and Drive rapid monetization growth. Thank you Lincoln. The next question comes from Lincoln of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. um uh thank you man for taking my question. So my question is about how AI is empowering uh company's existing business. So that includes online marketing service and e-commerce business and there any uh quantitative metrics in this regard uh that you can share with us. Thank you. Fore. Thank you for your question. We have always been committed to integrating AI through our businesses. In Q1, we step up the adoption of AI technology in multiple business scenarios. On top of leveraging large models for content understanding and recommendation accuracy, which increase user timestamp and engagement. As we mentioned before, we have also applied large uh model technology to various aspects of our middle and back offices, including code writing and content review. Next, I'd like to elaborate on how AI is empowering Quo's online marketing and e-commerce business scenarios. Fore agent. speech. in online marketing scenarios. AI has significantly empowered various aspects including marketing, material production, placement, agents and recommendations. In terms of material production, our one-stop video created production platform, Magnetic Creator, utilizes a multimodule large models to learn and understand from vast amount of content. By employing chain of thought technology, it generates higher quality marketing materials leading to notable increase in conversion rates of marketing placements. Additionally, our digital human live streaming room, NUVA, has greatly improved the client conversion rates after integrating AI interaction capabilities. Our intelligent customer service system PI is converting more leads by sounding more natural and human. In Q1, during the traditional slow season for online marketing services, average daily spending on AIGC marketing materials reach approximately 30 million R&amp;B. For external marketing services, our smart placement product UAX predicts potential audiences for advertisements using large model inference, evaluates the advertising performance of each material, and automatically adjust the placement strategies based on bidding feedback. For closed loop marketing services, the Omni platform marketing agent 4.0's Those advanced bidding and price adjustment capabilities help merchants capture more organic traffic by integrating online marketing traffic with e-commerce traffic. Regarding marketing recommendations, by deeply integrating global knowledge with the advertising expertise, large models can infer the relationships between users natural behaviors and advertising actions, enabling end-to-end ad production that enhances the accuracy and conversion efficiency of marketing recommendations. forch. In e-commerce scenarios, we leverage large AI models to enhance merchants operation operating efficiencies through content production, precise matching and intelligent customer service. In terms of content production, leveraging large model video recognition and deepsek semantic uh text capabilities, we automatically generate short video materials from live streaming highlights, showcasing product setting points and helping merchants capture longtail traffic. In Q1, the average daily GMBB of AI generated live streaming highlights increased by more than 300% year-over-year. For precise matching, our cross scenario demand predictions utilize large models chain of thought to automatically identify strongly correlated categories and interest tags, allowing algorithms to better understand users potential needs and improve user product matching efficiency. For intelligent customer service, we integrate merchant characteristics, user behaviors, historical conver uh conversations, product and order details, e-commerce rules, and other information into large models, forming an intelligent workflow that swiftly responds to and efficiently resolves user inquiries, achieving an intelligent customer service resolution rate of up to 80%. Going forward, we're confident that by continuing unlocking AI's potential, we will further improve quality and efficiency, particularly driving incremental growth in our online marketing and e-commerce businesses. I look forward to sharing more updates on our progress with you soon. Thank you for the questions. Brian. The next questions comes from Brian from CT. Please go ahead. Uh I will translate myself. Uh thanks management for taking my question. uh could management please share the recent trends in online marketing service and which sectors performed better and also what could be the key growth strategy for this segment this year. Thank you. foreign. Thank you for your question. In April, we saw a steady pickup in client uh placement and uh we're confident that yearover-year growth rate for online marketing services will return to double digits in the second quarter. For our closed loop marketing services, the number of merchants accelerated year-over-year recently thanks to improvements in our pen shelf-based e-commerce sales funnels and upgrades to our omnipatform marketing agent 4.0. In external marketing services, uh, spending and consumption sector continued to grow in the high double digits year-over-year. And in the local services spending, the year-over-year growth rate also increased significantly. We're confident that we can maintain rapid growth this year, mainly by helping more clients in content consumption, e-commerce, and local services operate their businesses more efficiently and sustainably on our platform. in a content consumption industry. Ad materials in a form of foreplays, novels, and mini games not only drive monetization, they also align closely with users. This helps both our platform and clients better understand users and achieving the vision of advertising as a form of content and creation as part of operations. In year 2024, marketing spend in the shortplay industry grew over 300% yearonear and we expected it continue to grow rapidly this year. Miniames and mobiles are also seeing exciting growth. Q1 marketing spending for mini games rose by more than 30 uh 30% yearover-year. Beyond smart placement with UAX, this year we will also use large model technology to dynamically adjust the user payment nodes which can help expand users and clients overall revenue in the content consumption industry. in a e-commerce industry. Our abundant traffic and high penetration in lower tier cities are very appealing to brand merchants. While there is still plenty of room to improve uh how we help merchants build connor driven e-commerce operations and lower their operating costs. Meanwhile, uh panch shelf based e-commerce GMV has grown rapidly in the past year, but marketing spend was held back by weaker data infrastructure and salesfunnel constraints. We expect to see an acceleration in marketing spend in pen shelf based e-commerce starting in Q2. As for the local services industry, amid the consumption makes transformation, we're seeing rising demand among queso's over 700 million users. This is opening up new growth opportunities for merchants in this industry. We support two types of local services merchants on our platform. Traditional ones are focused on increasing GMBB like restaurant group buying and those focused on lead generation and customer conversion like in the legal and home renovation service industries. We we're improving our native uh private messaging capabilities on our platform this year. By using AIGC tools such as magnetic creator, digital human live streaming and intelligent customer service, we will assist uh merchants in lowering their operational cost and scaling up their marketing impact. In summary, we will continue to focus on industry specific refined operations, intelligent marketing product iterations and algorithm optimizations to improve clients marketing conversion. Thank you. Shout out to you guys. Daniel Chan. The next questions come from Daniel Chan from JP Morgan. Please ask your question. Um, so my question is related to e-commerce. Um, so this year's uh 68th uh shopping festival has already begun. Could you share the main strategy for for for this year and also what's the highlights compared to the previous years? Also please share the development strategy for the shopping mall feature in the next stage. Thank you. Thank you for the question. Amid ongoing challenges in consumer demand, we have introduced more strategic initiatives for this year's 618 shopping festival to help merchants and ks fully harness the new opportunities in omni domain operations. During the uh 618 shopping festival, we will provide 100 billion uh in traffic resources and two billion in subsets and launch innovative strategies across three dimensions, users, products and merchants and Fore! Foreign! Foreign! First, on the user front, we're combining uh pre-sale promotions with the reservations for live streaming to lock in early demand through follows and the flash sales. During the official promotion period, we will step up efforts to activate and re-engage users through marketing tools such as large subsidies and free order promotions to boost conversion and purchasing power. This will uh allow us to gain new users in the public domain and deepen engagement in the private domain. Second, on the product side, we're catering strategies for four key product types. New launches, promotion blockbusters, high interest promotion products, and everyday best sellers. For example, Blockbuster items with strong price appeal will get support from platform subsidies. special promotions like the blockbuster initiative and the K matchmaking to help sell through. Finally, for merchants and Koss, we have developed a targeted tiered support plans based on K's scale and potential top tier, mid-level and emerging talent. We have also expanded product variety and improved the pricing to stay competitive. On the traffic side, we have launched programs such as streamer competitions, challenges, and hourly subset to help large scale and high potential streamers break out. And by combining short videos with live streaming and adding shopping links to popular live streaming sessions for Blockbusters, we will further stimulate omni doomain transaction opportunities across the platform. our shopping more has become an important growth driver of Quo's e-commerce business. To build on this, we will launch tailored operational strategies for different types of merchants. For merchants with limited operational resources or who have been newly on board, we will provide diverse marketing hosting services such as AI powered material optimization, free traffic support for products, marketing activity registration, and the blockbuster production mechanisms. For example, since uh product visuals and descriptions uh directly impact the click-through and conversion rates, our AI helps merchants improve material quality such as titles, images, and videos, ensuring the efficiency of information distribution for shelf-based shopping scenarios. For more experienced or officially resourced uh merchants on quite we will provide exclusive traffic channels uh marketing tags and extra exposure in the shopping mall through official marketing channels such as big brand big subsidy and a special sale. Um one major initiative this year is our super links which create links to goods stack additional subsidies and accumulate user assets through the platform. As a result, uh, conversion rates for superl products are nearly five times higher than regular ones. In conclusion, quite e-commerce will continue to leverage its omni domain operational advantages, enrich category specific product supply, meet users diversified consumption needs across different scenarios, and fully utilize AI capabilities to empower merchants in their end to end operations. We aim to reduce merchants operating costs through features such as AIGC content production, accurate placement, and intelligent customer service. We're very confident we can help more merchants achieve explosive growth through our major promotions, improving their business scale and operational quality. Thank you, operator. Next question, please. CIC. The next question comes from of CIC. Please ask your question. Uh thanks management for taking my question. Could management share more about the investment plan on AI this year and its impacts on the fullear profitability? Thank you. Thank you for your question. Regarding our investments in AI, uh let me start with clean AI as just mentioned by clean AI achieved a better than expected revenue scale in Q1. Since clean AI 2.0 window launched in April. It received a widespread acclaim from creators both domestically and internationally, especially for its ability to address the more complex creative needs of professional creators. Meanwhile, we have uh multiple Queen AI versions for creators to address their different creative needs and video production scenarios. PLA's world's leading technology and product capabilities ensure we can continuously accelerate our commercialization and we're confident that we can maintain this industryleading revenue growth rate. regarding AI's impact on our profitability. We anticipate expenditure in AI related areas will increase particularly in R&amp;D personnel costs. We expect a year-over-year rise in these expenses. uh primarily allocated to attracting and retaining top AI talent as well as team capacity building. Clean AI has already generated a positive marginal profit at the inference level. Even if we scale up and invest more in inference computing power, the impact on our bottom line will be rel relatively small. We're also very confident that through technological iteration, we can bring inference cost down even further. As our revenue grows and fixed cost like training and labor are spread out more, clean AI's overall losses and loss margin will continue to narrow. For the full year of 2025, our AI investment, including clean AI, the impact on the group's overall profit margin will be among one to 2%. In the medium to long term, uh we believe AI can become one of the second growth curves of the company, contributing to both our top line and bottom line, creating more value for shareholders. Thank you. That the end of the QA session back to you operator. Thank you once again for joining us today. If you have further uh questions, please contact our capital market and investor relations team anytime. Thank you.
