---
ticker: HUBS
type: podcast_transcript
title: "To automate or not to automate: How to combine technology with the human touch"
podcast: ""
date: 2025-05-20
audio_url: https://media.transistor.fm/c53e128a/8093af83.mp3
language: auto
chars: 55722
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# To automate or not to automate: How to combine technology with the human touch

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2025-05-20

---

## Transcript

When the iphone came out, the thing that was exciting was not just the iphone, but the App Store, and that there was all these different apps. And there was that kind of famous slogan, probably ten or 15 years ago, that there's an app for that, you want na do this, there's an app for that, you want na do that, there's an app for that. And he said, where we're going now is with AI agents, where there's an agent for that. So there's an agent to create content, there's an agent to personalize sales follow up, there's an agent to do competitive intelligence research. And that really, really rocked my world. This is called to action by Intel tel, a podcast where the latest trends and research in B2B Marketing are investigated and discussed. At the end of each episode, you'll get ideas for tactics to use in your company's marketing. What action will you take next? Here are your co hosts, Janet mesh and tuckerdelani Wyn of atel. Hello, fellow marketers and listeners. Thanks for tuning into this episode of call to action. I'm Janet, CEO of Intel inels, an integrated marketing agency. We specialize in building marketing processes and strategies for btwo b companies, and then we help launch those first or marketing campaigns and programs for those organizations. And so this show, call to action, we analyze and discuss the latest trends in research in B2B Marketing, and then we conclude every episode with one call to action. So that means you're gonna to get ideas and tactics to use in your own marketing and at your own organization. So I'm thrilled to be joined by my co host, Tucker Delaney Wyn, growth marketing lead at Intel. Happy to be here. Always awesome. Yeah. And I'm I'm excited to talk through in this episode with you today, all things marketing automation to automate or not to automate, that is the question for our fellow Shakespeare lovers. So few of the things that we're gonna to talk through, actually, we went to the HubSpot inbound 2024 conference last week. So we definitely want na, we're going to start there, share a little bit of our learnings and takeaways, and then we're going to talk through how to strike this balance between technology and human creativity, that human touch, and then when to leverage automation, when not to across email, paid advertising and then just within the HubSpot platform as well. And as I just mentioned, we just came back from the house spot in round 20, 24 conference. I'm still exhausted in my bihere. I feel like after like just life the past four years. It just takes a long time to recover for so much energy. But it really was an incredible conference. I'm curious to hear if you feel you've recovered and just I mean, like we could start like what were some of your favorite moments? No, thank you, Janet. Happy to be here. I don't feel like I've recovered. I feel like you you hit your 30s and just everything is harder to do physically. Absolutely. Yeah. I feel like a HubSpot in bound was incredible. It was so fun. It was my first time going. I was stunned. There was just so many people there. I feel like I was constantly having fomo, that I was missing out on the coolest session or having the right conversation. But then I realized everybody was having that experience because I told someone else I was feeling fomo and they were like, me too. I don't think I'd felt that much fomo since like college, but it was it was an or living in New York City. I feel like living, it was like, Yeah, it was bustling. I thought I was like on the g train or something, the way everybody was running around looking important. But Yeah, no, it was really, really fun. Yeah and to your question of some of my favorite moments, I think for me, I love just stepping in that first morning on Wednesday and attending the inbound spotlight. They had three speakers from HubSpot leadership, yet CEO Yami runongan, who kicked things off and just kind of gave an incredible speech and kind of insight into HubSpot in general, followed up by evp of product Andy Petrie, had a ton of great things to say about AI and HubSpot's new AI solution, breeze. And then of course, the cto of HubSpot, darharmesshah, who was just incredible, you know yes, for all the things he's doing with HubSpot and AI, but also his dad jokes really knocked it out of the park for me that that really was pretty great for me personally when I attended that first inbound session, the spotlight, darmish in particular, you know I pulled up a quote here where he said, most of you will be building AI agents this year. And just to unpack that a little bit, between yammini and Andy and darmessh, like I said, they had a great kind of look ahead, not just for HubSpot, but really where marketing in general is going. And a huge piece of that really the thrust of that spotlight was around AI. And frankly, for me, it was really helpful in terms of how to think about AI in concrete terms, more concrete probably than anything else I've seen so far. So Andy obviously talked a lot about the new AI capabilities in HubSpot, which I'm incredibly excited to start testing out. There's that new AI solution, breeze, which is kind of your AI companion all throughout HubSpot. Really incredible. That's in beta now, and there's a ton of things you can do there. And then darmessh, I think the way he really framed up AI was really exciting for me. He had a great analogy where he said, you know, when the iphone came out, the thing that was exciting was not just the iphone, but the App Store, and that there was all these different apps. And there was that kind of famous slogan, probably ten or 15 years ago, that there's an app for that. You want to do this, there's an app for that. You want to do that, there's an app for that. And he said where we're going now is with AI agents, where there's an agent for that. So there's an agent to create content, there's an agent to personalize sales follow up, there's an agent to do competitive intelligence research. And that really, really rocked my world and got me really excited as he started talking about how you can create agents by finding different agents. Really got my head spinning and turning ning with with exciting ideas. So that was probably one of my favorite moments from inbound. And I think just there's some really incredible opportunities for AI and automation, which we're gonna to be getting into. But I'd love to turn the tables, Janet, and ask you what what about you? What was one of what were some of your favorite moments from inbound? I would say, I mean, getting back there was great. So you said it was your first time, which is so cool. I think the first year I went to inbound was in 2:15 actually. So I remember being like small, like it was a pretty small conference, like it was half the conference floor. So I feel like when I went down the elevators like into the conference space, I was like, Whoa, this is like huge now. And I think that's just incredible. Like the growth of the organization and just the the ecosystem in general. But I hadn't been the last time when I was 2019. So we know it happened in 2020. They couldn't have hosted for a couple of years, could go last year. So I was really excited to come back this year for us to just like show up and be out there. Definitely, I would say selfishly to like the point where we taken Intel, we were able to host our own like happy hour event. So it was like a bdb marketing and sales mixer. And that was like pretty like exciting milestone. And just to bring a bunch of marketing and sales leaders together in the same room. And I was pretty shocked. We had 50 people show up. I was like, my inner critic was like, no one's gon na show up. You're gon na have to eat the entire taco bar yourself. But that was not the case. So kudos and thank you to everyone who showed up. We had some really amazing conversations, a lot of folks like we didn't know, and then there were some past clients and friendly faces, but it was just a really great time. And I feel like that was just what was exciting about the whole conference, was just like connecting with people, reconnecting, meaning people from like all around the world, honestly, like there are people from Switzerland, gerbany, Singapore, like South America everywhere. Like I met people from everywhere, which is amazing. And then also, so I feel like on your fomo, like missing up point, Tucker, I didn't get to as many sessions as I wanted to. I think you know we were really just as I mentioned, like can I, with people having really great conversations, just learning a lot about like partnerships and all this good stuff. And but the one session I was able to catch was on Friday, the spotlight with briyan Reynolds. And I thought it was just actually hilarious because at one point, like in the interview, he was asked, like, so what do you want to happen like in the like in marketing? And he's like pretty insightful. Like he had started a marketing agency, has a bunch of companies. Like he's an actor, so he's a very creative person. So it was cool to hear all of his perspective related to that. But then into marketing and then into automation. And it was I almost was like, did he understand like what where he's speaking? And I think that he did like I think it was must have been intentional. So he was asked the question, like, what do you want to happen in like marketing and like the future of like this industry? And he's like, well, I could tell you what, I don't want to happen first. And he said like point blank, like, I hope everything doesn't become automated. And I actually like, I thought that was a pretty interesting juxtaposition. It gave us this like this idea, we kind of had this idea of going before to for this episode of call action. But I felt like this is a really interesting way to see the barof, like the two sides of it. Because of course, like when you're hearing all these things about AI and automation, it is it is concerning to a certain stand. It's like, what level are things is gonna to like replace a job or like skills or something like that? And I believe that it's not necessarily going to replace like human creativity and expertise. It's only just going to augment it. And that was kind of what he then went on to explain. Like actually like we can do much more, but we don't want to just completely like also turn into robots. Like we have the robots there for a reason. So I thought that was actually just hilarious. I think you watthat one too, right? Tucker, who was curious what you thought. Yeah, yes. And I remember when he said, I feel like there was rolling laughs throughout throughout the conference. And I feel like a lot of people at the time weren't sure, like, is he joking or not? But I think he as he elaborated on, he really was serious that like no, he really wants to retain the personal human touch. And that I think for him, what he also he talked about the emotional investment being his North Star. And I think making sure that there's emotion and creativity being put into everything has been huge for his success. And Yeah, I think that's why this is so interesting because there's clearly a lot of excitement and opportunity around automation and AI, but we have to kind of retain the human touch and the spirit of that as well. So finding that balance, I think, is going to be critical. Let's get into it. I mean, this brings us to our topic of to automate or not to automate. You know, we're going share our opinions, some research today, what we're seeing, how we approach this as well. And this is an endless conversation, like there's so many use cases. But before, I did say at the beginning of the episode that for those of you listening, we'll share a call to action at the end, but I actually wanted to put one in now. And it's just to hear you know in the comments wherever you're listening, like how are you leveraging automation and your marketing in 20, 24 or even in your organization as a whole? And like what are some of those areas that you're finding success and where do you want to improve it? So with that, Tucker, definitely let's kind of delve into this a little bit further. I know we want to talk through a few areas. I think as I just mentioned, there's a lot we could cover. Yeah. So we're gonna to look at 33 aspects, three areas we're gonna to explore email marketing, paid ads, both Google and LinkedIn, and then a hub spot hub spot platform itself. And by the way, I should say when we you know the question is to automate or not to automate, I think spoiler alert, the answer is both. There's it's not a yes or no. It's not a right or wrong. It's not an either or. There's really great moments and great things that you should be automating in your marketing and in your sales. There's really areas that you really don't want to do that. So we're gonna to be exploring that across those three different aspects today. And I think a recurring theme and quote that's running through my head is something that yameni rgan, the HubSpot CEO, said during that spotlight, which was that AI handles simplicity and will handle subtlety. So that's really sticking to me. And I think that's a great thing that we're going to come back to as we explore these different areas. Yeah. So so let's do it. Let's let's dive in and and explore where we should automate and where we want to get a little more personal and starting out. We've got a great report, Janet, from Yeah from the state of marketing and automation report. I'll let you get away there. This was an interesting report and this from last year. So over the new, I feel like usually a lot of the reports come out. We're gonna to be busy at the end of 2024, but this is the state of marketing automation. And so the question asked was, what are your primary goals for improving your marketing automation the year ahead? And the top answer in this report by ascend to was 43% said optimize overall strategy. So that's really fascinating and actually great to see. I'm like, amazing. You know everyone like folks are thinking of their strategy kind of this highest level point of across you know everything that they're doing in marketing in the organization, you know you're not just looking to automate things in a vacuum. I think you know this is a great point and how you should be thinking about is like how are we bringing automation into what you're already doing? Like the word optimized is really important here. It's like, okay, this is what we have set up. How can we make this more efficient? And I think that's an important distinction. What I also found interesting about this too, in important thing, we'll kind of get into it on this episode a bit, I think, but is like the second one, 37% said improdata quality. And I think that is a definitely a really important way and effective way to leverage automation, especially in the huswat platform. Like you can set up a lot of automation that like get the smart crm to work for you. And I think that's really the kind of ethos of this is like work smarter, not harder. You know that term, have things complement one another, but don't lose that kind of like human analysis of what's actually happening. So Yeah, I think this is there's a few on here to you know identify deal customers, optimize messaging, but a lot of it, as you can see, is like very much of kind of like around that like concept of like optimizing and using automation to kind of take things to the next level and the next report too, actually know it's the same report. Apologies. But the other kind of data point here by asend two and the same research report, the state of marketing automation. This is cool because it says the question is in which of the following areas do you currently utilize the marketing automation? So they were comparing 20 22 to 2020 three. And the top one was email marketing, followed by social media, paid ads and content landing pages, as you just mentioned. Tiger, like we we definitely want like no surprise that like emails on here. So that's when we were definitely going a deep dive in this episode. I one thing I did want to mention here that was interesting is and we want to talk about later as well, is that like lead scoring is at the bottom. Only 14% of folks are like are automating lead scoring, which with with housespot that actually like one area you should absolutely be like make sure you're tracking. It doesn't like just work itself, but you can absolutely automate that part of it. So I'm almost curious like how many people on this survey were using HubSpot and how would you I'm like, how would you even do lead scoring if it's not automated? You like a pencil and graph paper or something? Like how would that even work? Well, I do. So that's like the definition of a manual process, right? Yeah. Like what did it together? Sounds like an absolute nightmare. Yeah, I will absolutely get into that. That's Yeah Yeah so Yeah and even you know like workflows was one that's kind of lower and we definitely have some hot takes on on that where you can see both sides of it. So but I think it's really exciting to see like across a lot of channels, like there are a lot of benefits. Here's to hear tuger, like what are some of the benefits of automation that you're seeing? And maybe we could let's start with email. Let's start with the one that was at the first of the top there about you know Dr. Kiplains and workflows. Let's do it. And I'm gonna pull up a little bit of an example here, Janet, so we can just look at a example graphic. And what we wanted to show was what a set of automated workflows might look like. And this is something that we have at Angel. This is something that we do with clients all the time, but we want to explore what does it look like when you've got several what we would call triggers across channels. So you know, you got here, okay? If someone signs up for a newsletter, if someone attends a conference, if someone attends a webinar, if someone signs up for a free trial, you know and then things like, okay, what if someone downloads an asset like a guide or a case study off of your website? Each of those activities can be what we call a trigger, where not only do you do the activity, but when you sign up, usually a sign up is the thing that triggers it, that then triggers an email workflow that is automated, that then gets sent to a person. So just by the nature of what we're looking at here, the huge benefit here is that when someone that does an activity, you have an immediate and personalized follow up. Ps, several follow ups, typically, where there's several emails that are now going to this person. And not only is it immediate, not only is it personalized, but the beauty of these automated workflows is that you can tailor the email content to be about what the person you know first. Engawith and I know I'm not probably telling our listeners new news here, but just kind of reiterating and reinforcing why automation would be so critical here. For instance, if someone attends a webinar, you know you then follow up, you can send them the on demand recording of the webinar. You can send them a blog related to content that was discussed in the webinar. You might then send them you know an offer to get a free trial or something a little bit deeper down the funnel. But that's what's really great, is immediate, personalized and tailored to the original activity that the person engaged with. You know if you were to try to do all this manually, itbe really hard, itbe really time consuming and yoube scrambling to do a lot of it afterwards. But having these automated workflows set up the way we do at aimtel really allows us to very quickly engage people. And you know we talk all the time about the buyer journey on the B2p side, six months, nine months, twelve months long. You need automated ways to immediately and effectively engage people. And this, I think is a great example of how that's done. And it's done, like we were saying earlier, across channels and across functions. Yeah channels there like newsletter, trade show, webinar, free trial, set up our demo content, communication cation, downable guides so you could set up like workflows for all of those activities programs exactly, exactly. And often too, you know it's the kind of thing where depending on the first activity, you know you might get the sense of, Oh, this person should get more nurtured about a specific product or this person might fit into a certain persona. We know that a lot of our customers have very specific icps ideal customer profiles and you can broout different email nurtures based on certain target persona and what they might be interested in. So that's just another example of how you know the automated workflows can really, really be affawesome. Yeah, great. So Yeah. So just a repeat back. It's like automated trigger based email workflows are definitely A A good and effective way, efficient to like immediately nurture and engage prospects. So without personalized content, you know whether wherever like kind of that first attribution touch point is, I mean, that's a really great place to start and start to scale. I am I mean, when I look at this slide though too, and and I kind of obviously know the answer to the question, but like what are some of the like issues if you're automating like everything to this point at a certain like at a certain point, like I think it's a good place to start. But then like when I look at this, we've created this flow chart just to show like youhave all this running at one time. So kind of leading you into into the answer. But I'm I'm curious like kind of what your your hotakes are on on this of like we are saying on the one side, great to set up automate. But on what's like the flip side of the situation, I'm so glad you asked, Janet, because this I get I get pretty fired up about this because I think really there's you know we talked in a previous episode about the danger of dashboards. I feel like this is the danger of automation, right? Where we have seen again and again and again these common pitfalls that a lot of B2B technology companies fall into, where frankly it's an over reliance on automation and in this case, it's an over reliance on email automation. So I'm gonna to walk us through three pitfalls that we've seen a lot. The first is when someone enrolls in too many workflows at once and it's not their fault. So by way of example, let's keep this same graphic and let's say that a really great lead for us attended a webinar. Then after attending the webinar, they went ahead and signed up for a free trial of the product. They were still on the website, and they went ahead and downloaded two different guides off of the website, going off the automation we have set up. They have just enrolled themselves in four different email workflows. I don't know about you, Janet, but I already have several thousand unread emails in my inbox, which probably the problem I need to take care of. But if if we are following the automation rules that we've set up, we are now flooding this person's inbox and that's gonna to make them well, it also makes a disadvantage of the sales team because like they're trying to do like targeted direct outreach. So they're getting a ton of marketing emails in addition to someone else from the organization reaching out. And it's just like it's a lot of information. Such a good point. And I'm so glad you brought that up because that's not even something we've we've mentioned in here is that in addition to all these automated emails, if this is a lead who's midway down the funnel, the sales team is gonna to be following up with them too. And that's not a problem. I think we've talked what should be doing should be doing. And I think there's the real magic and having marketing and sales nurture together, but it is another channel that's happening. And Yeah, I think this can just be a really big problem if there's too many if someone's enrolled in too many workloads. And I will say that it is possible. And I think that the correct move here is to set up additional workflows so that when someone does get enrolled in multiple workflows, there's kind of a safeguard where it's like, okay, we're if they're already currently enrolled in a workflow, we're not going to enroll them in this one. Oh, Yeah, that's interesting. You can kind of Yeah, I like that you have some safeguards with your automated workflows in helspot to prevent they're too much of an overwhelm. But it's almost like it's a sbdate on the problem. Yes. And but that's a good point though. I like that you could if it's you have so much setup, you're like, I can't go all through all this. You can set up those guardrails to kind of kind of cut off the automation so it's not overwhelming the experience of your leader customer. Yeah. It's like I don't really know how dams work, but I imagine maybe there's ways that dams you know can like a beaver dam, I think weaker dam. But Yeah, that is just to say, like because we have this graphic showing up automated email workflows, I don't want to give the impression that we're saying that that's a bad idea to have all this set up. You should have it set up and you should do that where you are setting up triggers so that if someone's already enrolled in one workflow, they're not getting enrolled in five others. But it's a lot to manage. And I think the thing that we need to acknowledge is we work with a lot of teams. They're either a marketing team of one or a marketing team of three or four. You know, if you're lucky to have a whole marketing ops team of 20 people who can do this all day, that's awesome. But a lot of folks, you know, you're not going na have the time, frankly, or the resources to constantly be monitoring all your different workloads. It's just not going to work. The other issue that I want to bring up, pitfall number two, is what happens when people finish going through these workflows. This is what I would call the set it and forget it pitfall, where set up all these brilliant workflows and everything's beautifully working together. But you haven't taken the steps to think about what happens when someone works, makes their way all the way through my email sequence, even if it's ten emails, even if it's twelve emails. As we've talked about many times, the buyer journey in B2B tech is often six, nine, twelve months long. It's unlikely that you've built workflows that are that long. Even if you've done that, you probably have old creative in there that's two years old. You know your product may have been updated, your ux ui may have been updated and well, basically about how much you have to update all like you have always workflowup. And then if you're changing your messaging positioning of the company, visual identity, as you're saying, and to go back and update all, it's like it's like a it's a constant process of yes. And then for manual updating information, exactly. And for our small marketing teams, they don't have the time to be conthat's a whole job constantly updating all your workflows. It's not sustainable. And you're also you know at the end of the day, if one of your leads goes all the way through these workflows, you're potentially sending them into the void of your crm where they're not getting engaged for multiple months, losing the opportunity to engage them. So so it's like you annoy them and then you go them. Yes, yes. And again, another one of those things where if you have a big enough marketing team and you're really on it, you can set up workflows where it's like, okay, they've gone through one workflow, and then once they finish that workflow, they can go into another. But the reality is, is that, as we're saying, that's a lot of work, a lot of time, energy and resources. And what we've seen again and again is that in practice, that just doesn't actually happen and these leads are just left in the dust. I wanna. Come now to pitfall number three, which I think is the biggest issue, which is that if you're only relying on automated email, workflowthat is a reactive and not a proactive approach to using email to engage in nurture leads. And what I mean by this is we've already seen we looked at earlier that email is one of, if not the most effective way for engaging leads. So if we just stipulate that right there, email is the most effective way for engaging needs. All of these workflows depend on people interacting with you and your marketing in a way that is not email. They have to take an activity on your website. They have to take an action to sign up for a free trial or attend a webinar, and then you'll start engaging them with the most engaging channel, which is email. So I've started to come around to the to ask the question, well, why wouldn't we proactively reach out to our leads with email in the first place rather than waiting for them to take an action on our website so we can engage this? I think once you and I and the team at Antel started to till our mind into that perspective, that was a game changer because suddenly what we started doing was monthly email campaigns where we're reaching out to leads, sharing the latest content, you know sharing the newest videos, inviting them to webinars, but just actively going out to leads and engaging them. That's been a huge way you know to nurture leads. And you know if we think about we're gonna to get into HubSpot lead scoring later, but if we think about a lot of companies have a point based lead scoring system where they're trying to engage leads to the point where they have engaged enough so that they know tear up to an mql or an sql email is an incredible way to do that. If you're using it proactively, that's a way that you're going to be able to month by month, get people to open emails, click through emails, start taking more activity on your website. So Yeah, I think this was the really big one. Using email proactively is something that I just think brands are not doing enough and we really want to encourage more of. Excellent. All right. So to recap the first channel a bit is what your the solution is is like start to, you know, you have set up look to what makes sense to automate. But overall kind of set up this more like quote unquote manual monthly email nurture sequences, even like a newsletter is really effective. And to track and engage your audience in your like list of leads and prospects that way. As always, we could just keep talking about this one specific channel, but I do want to go to the next one channel that we want to talk like to automate or not to automate, which would be paid advertising. And obviously, there's so much, I mean, this is like a whole world. I mean, everything in marketing is like you could just go down the rabbit holes forever. We love doing it, but we're gonna to start first. I think I wanna start and the whole purpose of call action two is like we want na go through the research but also share like what's changing in the industry because like there's just constant change. Like it is just like at the inbound conference, like there's so much information can't feel overwhelming to process at all. And that's like our what we're trying to do here is to help kind of like bring this forward to you all and process and help to understand like how how to pivot from here. So this was interesting what I saw. And we're not going to talk too much about Google. We did want to spend more time on LinkedIn because we do a lot of LinkedIn advertising for clients. But I thought that this was an interesting update from Google. This is literally like from search engine Journal. I mean, it was kind of everywhere, but we like to pull search engine Journal, follow them. They produca lot of good content in the news, but Google is planning to duprecreate enhanced epc. So let's cost per click for search and display ads. So they're they're phasing it out starting in October in it will be like transitioned as of like March 20, 25. So what does this mean? So this this is not to say that Google's advocating for managing ads manually. In fact, it seems like what's happening is like they're pushing advertisers towards this newer like machine learning actually. So there's something called like maximized conversions. So you can get you know an optimal target cost per action or a cpa as well as like you can maximize your conversion values. They are offering more automated tools to improve performance of their ads. But the interesting thing about this is what this means is that this is a shift to more advanced automated bidding strategy signals. So Google's pushing towards like a grereliance on their machine, machine learning and also kind of looking into more of that on that automated bidding strategies. And you know way more of this than ido Tucker. But I think we know it can actually be ineffective to over rely on automated optimization strategies when it comes to paid ads. I think everyone it kind of it goes back to this like set and forget it mindset. It's like, let's just set this up and run it and then we're going to going to get a ton of people who like love our product and know about us. And it's actually like it's a similar thing where we've gone into client ad campaigns and they're like, we're not seeing this move in the way that we want. And we're like because you have so many campaigns running at one time, like it's pure chaos. Like you don't know what's actually effective because you're just running everything, kind of setting it, potentially forgetting it instead of taking the time to go in every day and really look at what is performing and where should we optimize. So that's on the Google side. But I know we also wanted to spend more time for paid ads on the LinkedIn because you've discovered and lead a lot with our clients and the team on how actually we be what we and shouldn't automate the platform. Yeah, absolutely no. And I completely agree. I love that you started with that, Janet, because I think it speaks speaks to the times, right? And it speaks to these platforms and love Google, love LinkedIn, love what they're doing. But I think for newer marketers, it's easy to come into these platforms and get the impression that, as you said, Janet, we'll just set it up and and Google will take care of managing everything, theytake care of managing the bidding and theytake care of managing your optimizations. And while there is definitely value in areas where that's absolutely so helpful and has been a game changer for us, there's absolutely areas where you really don't want to give up all your control and you really don't want to get into that set of a forget it mindset because it can really be draining and draining on resources, draining on time, making you spend more money than you should. So Yeah, as you said, let's let's look at LinkedIn and let's start with bidding and let's let's take that side of maybe when not to automate. So what we've got here, we're we're deep into LinkedIn now and we're looking at a screenshot of setting up LinkedIn ads, and we're at the portion for those of you who set up LinkedIn ads all the time, we're way down at the bottom of the setup area where we get into bidding. And this is where we bid on how much do you want to spend on your ads and LinkedIn now LinkedIn, the defaults in this section, the default bidding strategy that LinkedIn automatically has signed up. We've got a little Green button highlighted is the bidding strategy of maximum delivery. And LinkedIn says get the most results possible with your full budget. Now that sounds great. Sure. I want maximum to right who who doesn't want right? Persuasive, you know Ryan Reynolds maximum effort, LinkedIn, maximum delivery. Sure. But you know what happens here is that you're essentially telling LinkedIn, I've given you an overall budget spend whatever you think is right on the ads. Just just go for it. LinkedIn. What you're giving up though, is the ability to control your cost per click. Now, I went to HubSpot inbound with eugenet, and I had the opportunity to see aj Wilcox, host of the LinkedIn ads, show, frankly, a LinkedIn ads guru who I've been following for ten plus years. And at his presentation where he talked about five mistakes, five common mistakes that you can make with LinkedIn ads, his first thing that he said was over relying on maximum delivery for your LinkedIn ads. So using this automated chair in the crowd, I was like, Yeah, no, I did text. I actually immediately texted our digital marketing manager, who I run LinkedIn, answer that. I said, guess what they just said? Because the week before inbound, we had been we had some campaigns and some of our campaigns were set on maximum delivery. And we both said, really, you know what? I don't think this makes any sense. Let's switch over to manual cpc. And so then to see aj say this on the stage and have this quote that maximum delivery is the most expensive way to pay for LinkedIn ads traffic 90% of the time, that hit home for me and said, wow, we really shouldn't be doing this. And luckily, we had already made this change. Yeah, we've already been on top of this. So let's I mean, the validation of that is, I mean, listen up folks. Yeah and he's run thousands of campaigns. And when I came back from inbound this week, we had made that switch the previous previous week from maximum delivery to manual cpc. And truly, all of the campaign costs had gone down the cpc. You could see the graph just going way down. So this is a huge thing. And so the you know, tying it back to thinking about automation versus non automation, the recommendation here and what we find really works is using manual bidding. And you can see LinkedIn says this is where you can control your bids in the auction. We have found setting your biid. And by the way, LinkedIn, you know you see here in the fine print, they give you a range of we recommend some advertisers are bidding between $5 and dollar. We recommend you bid dollar. What aj actually said and what we found to be to is you actually you should go below what LinkedIn recommends. You know, again, nothing against LinkedIn, but they tend to encourage you to spend probably a little more than you should on each ad. So this is a great example of where the manual approach the human touch, using your own expertise and experience to control the cost and control the bids on your ad platform is absolutely the way to go. So Yeah, that's that's just a big example I think, of where being smart and savvy and exerting a little more control and doing a little less automation really makes the most sense. Excellent. So those are some great use cases for handling, like not automating certain aspects of your LinkedIn ad g campaigns and paid advertising. But are there are you saying that everything should be manual? Or like what within LinkedIn ad campaigns would you recommend that marketers should and could leverage automation? Yeah, no, great question. So on the flip side, we just talked about bidding. Let's talk about creative for a moment. So again, we're we're now looking at LinkedIn ad setup. We're deep in the platform. We're even further down where you're setting up the actual ad creative and there's an option called ads in this campaign. You click on the little gear and then it says add rotation options. You got two options. You can either optimize for performance, which is recommended by LinkedIn, or you can rotate ads evenly. And that means all the ads that you upload are gonna to be shown evenly to all your leads. Who are you know people in LinkedIn at looking at your ads? Now, this is a great example where using automation, using LinkedIn's automation to just let LinkedIn, this is a great example where using LinkedIn ads to automatically optimize for performance without you having to do things manually is absolutely the way to go. This is a great time to use automation to your advantage. And what we find is when you use this feature, it just shows the best performing app to your leads much more often and you have more success. So this is a great Yeah sorry, do you have a recommendation on like how many ads to like include in one campaign to that to cycle through? Yeah, that's a great question because sometimes you know we'll work with clients and they only want to create one or two ads. Four to six is really the best minimus. Yeah. Four to six. Yeah. And then we'll often rotate creative if we need to, every six weeks. I think it can. I think that's important. Then you use this you use this data to continue as you optimize, like you know just creating it like an asyyou're looking at okay, what performed and then make more some like more ads that are similar to the top performing ones based on this automation. Yes. And I love that because that's a perfect example of that harmony between automation and the human touch, right? Got the automation set up. It's doing the simple, effective approach of automatically in the feed showing the the best performing ads. But then to your point, we as humans are analyzing the ads, creating new ones based on what's performing best and putting those in there. So there's that kind of that harmony between automation in humans that I think is works really well. So Tucker, we attended to the house spot 20:24a.m.Brown conference. There were a ton of changes happening, no shortages of opportunity for automation. You mentioned they release breeze, which is like their AI platform within the in the inhub spot. There's there's a lot you can do. I think everyone's trying to like learn and test it out, tell on things in beta, but there's already some stuff you obviously it's a marking out of ation platform. So I'm curious like how have we been thinking like share with the audience, like how we've been thinking about automation when it comes to HubSpot? And kind of back to the beginning, as I shared, one of what we found interesting in that 2023 marautomation report was that like leds, kn was kind of low on on there. So I think it be fun to share something around that. So take it away. I'm curious kind of I'm leading you into it of one of them, but I think we can kind of rit out of what folks could consider when they're automating in HubSpot or not to automate exactly. And I think you got it. I think lead scoring is where we almost always start when we're consulting folks on HubSpot either. They don't have lead scoring set up. And we say, great, let's help get that set up and get that automated for you. Or they do have it set up, but there's often, almost always, opportunities to refine it, make it a little bit cleaner, a little more automated. So in HubSpot, you obviously have the capabilities to to do lead scoring. And this also brings me back to that quote we talked about at the beginning from ymany. I HubSpot's CEO about AI handles simplicity, humans handle subtlety. So I'm gonna to pull up just a little lead engagement dashboard example. So what we're looking at here is we're now in HubSpot and we've got an example lead engagement dashboard. This is actually from Amtel. We've anonymized and blurred out all the contact information. But what we're looking at here is a dashboard where we're it breaks down leads by life cycle stage. So up at the top, we've got our leads, then we've got marketing qualified leads. We've got sales qualified leads and then we've got opportunities. So you can see kind of each of each leads at each stage of your your funnel. And then we've broken it out where we actually have the actual contacts, the actual leads who are in each stage and we've got widgets for each of those. So yet again, we talk about harmony between AI automation and the human touch, right? So this is a great example where AI has handled the simplicity. We have set up lead scoring in our HubSpot crm such that hubspots automation is able to categorize leads into different life cycle stages based on their engagement, based on their intent and based on the likelihood of them converting to a purchase. This is something we do at a marketing agency. This is something we would recommend probably every company using HubSpot do. So Yeah, automyeah automated, exactly. But what about the human side? So we do this every day. Janet. We look at this dashboard, you and me, and we start to say, all right, who are opportunities? All right, who are sqls? And this is where that humans handle. The subtlety side comes in because they're subtle. What's going on? It's like, okay, Tucker, did you talk to that person yesterday? What did they say? Janet, you had a conversation with that sql. What what do we think? How do we want to approach following up? And this is where I don't know if you want to speak to us, but you and I had a conversation about, Oh, should we use sequences, automated sequences? And we came to the computer that no, we should actually probably do more little personalize to follow up with, right? Yeah. So sequences in the household are like an automated way to send like more personalized looking emails. And then you can also like layer in like reminders to follow up and send more emails. So it's a it is effective way to automate that kind of prospecting side. But agreed, we're like we meet if you meet people in person and you had like a strong conversation, like your automation is not going to even though it maybe looks personalized, it's not going to sound personalized. I even did that actually with like our kind of back to what we're were talking about where you can automate emails from like events or webinars. We had a lot of our of course, like leading up to the event, like automated reminder emails about the mixer we had last week during Huby mone conference. But we decided actually I decided like I don't want to automate and auto send the follow up email. I want to like personalize it and make sure that it like has like some takeaways and personalization for me. It's not just like thanks for attending our event. Like it actually had some perspective and even pictures from the event. Like we couldn't have done that if we automated to go out, right? Like write the like you know five hours after the event or something. So I think those are some ways like agreed. Like Yeah like there's it's that balance between automating things to make it easier for you, but then also like bring in that personalization, bring in that human like perspective, the creativity. I love your point of all. Like don't set it and forget it. We're not just setting up all this like lead scoring and all this information. So it just like runs itself. Like as you said, tiger, we look at this daily and I think that's what a lot of organizations need to do more is like get into your crm, like get into HubSpot, like look at what's happening. Is it working for you? Was it not like what's the what's the picture? What's the full story? I know like larger organizations that's difficult where some people will control that you're waiting for the reports to come over. But even with that, I think that you should spend time to try to like question and think through like what's actually going on here? How can we be more effective? How can personalithings are these automvations working for us or not? We always come up with I feel like we come up with ideas ourselves. We're just able to like go into have a spot demo count on the next call to action, I think, and just like go even deeper. But definitely, if you're like I think if you haven't looked into the lead scoring side and how to automate these things and also like the lead scoring, as you mentioned, Tucker, like being able to like like change like the liecycle stage and be able to report on this, you can build dashboards and just give you all this data that's in your crm. Those are a really good place to start with the automation side of it. But when it comes to that personalization, that's where to put your fingers to your keyboard and talk to your audience. Amazing. So a final thing we're talking a lot about like this, like the connection between technology machines, AI and humans. And this has just like obviously been the conversation. People are excited and people are really concerned about what the future looks like when it comes to and I mean, kind of in a way, being an employee or even a business owner and you know how technology is either going to help us or not. So I wanted to conclude with this like really interesting, awesome report and concept from forester research. They actually have they did a webinar and it was actually target for agencies, but they shared this slide within that webinar and we could drop the link in the show notes for sure. But I love this breakdown. And obviously the thesis of and their whole point in the webinar was saying, like there's going to be some aspects, of course, of like what we do like on the manual side that will be replaced, and it should be. But if anything, it's really gonna na help to like complement and like improve the experience for like humans at work. So I love the way that they broke this down here. They were, as I mentioned, it was like targeted agencies. So you're seeing here the top, like how humans and technology can and should work together. And they did divide it up by like three different jobs. So like a media planner, creative director or digital strategist. So I just love this very clear breakdown here of like, okay, like you know I guess what we're just talking about on paid ads, like as a digital strategist, like the human ans should set the objectives, the goals they need, know their audience, get that research, come up with the messaging, create the briefs. What if thinking like love that like Yeah like what are the scenarios? But the technology side can know they can handle like the benchmarking, the av testing, the reporting where you were just talking about Tucker, like cycling, the top performing ad creative. And then as you can see here, like crerandirector, like doing the conceptual thinking, like coming up with the concepts like managing people. But then the technology can help you you know like assemble the content, assemble you know certain templates, help scale that production velocity. So I love this chart. I won't go through like every single one, but I really love this concept of like humans and technologically working together and in the areas that they should. And I think this is a really nice guide for anyone of like if you have concerns of like, okay, like I don't think, and I appreciate from foresters, like I think a lot of like the media is saying like, Oh, marketing, like it's gonna to be gone. Like, well, bots will take over. And it's like, no, that's actually pretty far from the truth. It's just gonna to make us even more powerful and you know, give us the ways. But I think the point of it is like start to think of it in this framework of human and technology working together. What's that human touch? What can the human like do and how should we operate within this? What should we automate, not automate and being very clear of those differences and pretty much everyone working to their strengths. Absolutely curious. We have anything else like a final perspective on this and we can round it out with our final call to actions for the those listening, I think this is great. Yeah and you can even see here and in the media planner column, you know on the human side, you've got journey mapping. And on the technology side, there's audience and channel scoring, exactly what we just talked about, right? You know building the building the funnel, building the journey and then using using automation to to score and kind of monitor and and mark who's doing what. And the other thing it just makes me think of a quote from, I think is a CEO of Netflix who said, you know AI is not going to take your job, but humans who really know how to use AI effectively might take your job. So I think, right, not to scare people at all, but I think those of us who embrace the opportunities with automation, embrace the opportunities with AI are you know really gonna to get a competitive edge. And I think this is a great map of how you might be able to do that and strike that balance. All right, tuger, let's run this out. So what's your call to action based on this episode when it comes to automation? Yeah, I think you've got me really fired up about lead scoring right now, Janet. So I'm gonna make the call to action to folks too. If you don't have lead scoring seup, go get started. Just start it. Try it. You know it's better than nothing. So go start it. And if you do have lead scoring seup, now is a great time to audit it, especially with all these new AI capabilities coming out in HubSpot, again, plugging breeze and especially their competitive intelligence capabilities. Go take a look at your lead scoring and see if there's anything that you can anyways, you can enhance it. So Yeah, over to you, Janet. What's wow, I'm honestly surprised by your answer that you're gonna be like back you were you were like sharp ing your blades on the email workflows. But I agree, lead scoring, love it, love it. I would say. I mean, I think the main point I've been making is just like but kind of looking in the context of like where I like what you just said, actually like auditing your automations and like workflows and are do you kind of have that right combination of the automation versus like that human touch experience that personalization obviously was you can kind of automate some personalization. But I do think that what I've saw last week at the inbound conference was very much like people want that like connection. We you know we really want to have that personalization and we want to feel like seen and heard. So any opportunity to like layer that into your marketing campaigns and programs is really important. So you know make the technology work for you, but don't don't overlook kind of you know that your your human intelligence and creativity and what is it? The subtlety, right, the subtlety of it all. So all right, well, amazing stuff. Thank you, Tuckers, as always for your insights, consultation, ideas, hot takes. We covered a lot of ground today. So just to recap, in this episode of call action, we discuss how we went to leverage automated email workflows versus you know kind of taking a more maybe potential manual approach of engaging prospects with regular emails. Try it on a monthly basis, see what happens. Two, we talked about paid advertising specific to LinkedIn ads, why you should do manual bidding, but also then look into ways to do the automated creative optimizations. And then third, finally, when we talked about how to use automated lead scoring to organize your leads and collaborate, you know use this as create a dashboard, bring marketing cells together, and how you can personalize those follow ups in those touch points. So Yeah, thank you for listening. Please let us know if you have any ideas what's working for you comments, wherever you're listening, if it's here on YouTube, wherever you are consuming the content. We're so happy you're here. And finally, Yeah subscribe to call to action. We are ato the start show call to action. Make sure you never miss an episode. As we shared, there's a lot of information out there. Let the platform work for you. Subscribe, get the notifications. And Yeah looking forward to seeing and hearing what you take action on. Thanks, everyone.
