---
ticker: HUBS
type: podcast_transcript
title: "Overheard at HubSpot INBOUND 2025: The new AI marketing playbook explained"
podcast: ""
date: 2025-10-21
audio_url: https://media.transistor.fm/05b496dc/6f1846a1.mp3
language: auto
chars: 48263
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# Overheard at HubSpot INBOUND 2025: The new AI marketing playbook explained

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2025-10-21

---

## Transcript

This is your wake up call. Like step one, like wake up like a year you haven't been doing and like creating and spending the time to do some research, crafting style guides, evolving it, having that infuse into like your campaigns and messaging and across like all of your channels, even with sales, like don't forget about sales. It's also marketing. Then like this is like they have it on there. Step one, stage one, like focus on this first. This is called to action by Intel, a podcast where the latest trends and research in B2B Marketing are investigated and discussed. At the end of each episode, you'll get ideas for tactics to use in your company's marketing. What action will you take next? Here are your co hosts, Janet mesh and Tucker Delaney Wyn of Intel. K there, fellow marketers, leaders and listeners. Thanks for tuning into this episode of call to action. I'm Jana mesh, the host of the show. And I'm joined today by Tucker Delaney Wyn, my cohost of the show. Growth marleader a aintel. So we're very excited for another episode. This is episode number eleven. We are full on double digits, people. We're excited. We're going to share what we overheard at HubSpot inbound 2025 conference, really share like kind of our honest opinions and just observations and what the future of marketing seems to hold. So just as a bit of a recap call action is Antel show. So in each episode, we analyze and discuss the trends in marketing across the industry, sharing our insights and ideas of what's to come and where you should focus. So we conclude every episode with one call to action that you can take apply to your own marketing programs in your company, try things out, let us know how it's going, and Yeah, let's see how it goes. So as I mentioned, I'm very excited for Tucker to join me. I think we just get into a Tucker. It's been just Yeah like we went to HubSpot in bound conference. It was the first time was in San Francisco. I got a lot of thoughts. I know you do too. So they actually even did like a hot once during the conference. We had to miss that unfortunately and fly home. But you know, we kind of we don't have chicken wings on this episode. In our past episode, Tucker was drinking a root beer with a guest. So Yeah, maybe we'll have to bring that back, but maybe we'll do root years with aj Wilcox that inbounds. Exactly. So I would love for you, I want to hear your opinions first. Tucker, like you were day in, day out around the conference floor putting in the hours, meaning tons of people going a ton of sessions. Like let's start with what were your observations kind of and you you went to last year, so you've experienced on Boston as well as San Francisco. Exactly. Yeah. So HubSpot inbound 2025, a lot of fun. I think as always, for me, the biggest part was the connections and the people I think got to meet a lot of really cool people this year, and obviously, being on the west coast kind of get exposed to a whole different group of people. So making those connections was really fun for me. There are meetups, which I think are some of the coolest parts of inbound, and that's where I got to really kind of just connect directly, loopeople start having genuine conversations. That was great. On the flip side, I missed Boston a little bit. You know I think it was cool to be out on the west coast. I missed me on home tour f for sure, of course. And we're we are based probably a little biased. Yeah if people don't know if you're listening to this, tuger and I are based in Massachusetts in Boston. We're like the only besides David on our team based here. We're full remote company, but we're the ones that are on east coast. So from perhaps a slightly more objective perspective, I would say that just the floor layout in San Francisco was not as conducive to randomly bumping in and connecting with people. It was a little, it was like very, Yeah, it was very sillo, which is kind of ironic. I want na talk about silos on this episode. That's what I was thinking. Yeah. So I think that was the one downside. Whereas you know, in the layout in Boston, it's just very easy to kind of naturally walk and talk and bump into people as we did a lot. And I think I felt like things were a little bit more compartmentalized and just a little less of a flow. So Yeah, I felt the same way. Like I felt it was difficult to find things. And Yeah, the flow was weird. Like you would kind of come out of one area and you're like, Oh, wait, I was just here or then you would like walk somewhere and then you were like in a completely different place, like right? And it was like kind of in a basement. So Boston, okay, if you haven't been, I actually talked to a handful of people. That was their first time ever going to inbound. And I think which which is great for them for hobspot because they obviously tapped into a market that they've been trying to tap into getting like new folks, right? But what I love about the Boston conference center, so if you haven't been and you're planning to go or you're like thinking about it, highly recommend coming to our city because our conference center is actually really nice. Now that I see other ones, like we went to Vegas this year now like San Francisco, I'm like, wow, Boston is superior. Like potake, it's I'm sorry, you know I'm not sorry. Actually, I'm not. So I'm originally from Boston. I'm proud. But like what I love about Boston is like so if for folks who went to the conference or if you didn't, you go down these like escalators in in San Francisco. So it's a kind of a similar experience. And in Boston, when you've come into the conference center, you go down these escalators, but like the way that they set up the like whole showroom floor is like when you come down the escalators, you see the entire thing, like you see the entire setup and it just looks so cool. Like, howswatdoes such a great job in Boston. And like this is the first time they ever went to like, California. So I kind of feel for their team. I'm like, they probably like, guys, we have a template. Like this works well. And then they had to change at all. So, right? Like I just, my heart goes out to them honestly. Like they did they did a really good job for, like, having to change everything, but like the whole, like, just, I don't know, just like, just the energy, like, I'm just like such a person that like, the feeling of a space is so important ing, and like, they play music and you can just like, feel it all and you can like, see everyone like, moving through and you're like, Oh, wow. Like you just already like, right when you walk in Boston conference center, you just like can just start to like figure out your whole plan of like what you want to divide and conquer and like the the San Francisco setup was just like didn't lend itself to that. It was just, Yeah, that's a good play. That's anyways, there you go. That's our first observation. Hot take. Yeah, but you had some other there's aside from the layout, ji'm curious to hear as well. Like any kind of big, big highlights or moments for you at inbound? Well, I would say maybe not. Like specific to the combut, during the week anthought, we did the host another mixer, A B two B Marketing and sales mixer. So that was really special. Like I'm really proud that we were able to do that again. We had a rooftop party just like fairly close to the conference center on Wednesday night, like the first night. And we had a lot of where do have a lot of clients in the area or just around that and then clients that insul's, clients that like came so like thank you to our clients that showed up and support us. Like we literally don't do this without you and for you. But there was also a ton of folks that we never met before or we met during or heard about it that you know, meeting new people and getting to understand their problems and just challenges and not just talking about work either. Like, I love, it is really nice to get back in person because you can just like skip five steps with people really just like talk about a range of things in a short amount of time. And so that was really special. That was that was really nice. So I would say that was probably my top highlight of just meeting new people as well and our clients and getting a few folks on our team together to be together and Yeah, all that good stuff. Yeah. Yeah. I think events are you know not just here to stay, but getting bigger and bigger. I know you and I both listen ened to Dave Gerhart and his B2B Marketing podcast, but I think he talks about that so much these days that Yeah people are hungry for for being back in and seeing that happen. So to do that within our own parties is awesome for sure. Yeah. So carers, like I mean, I feel like there's like we're gonna get into like all the things we've kind of what hubwatch shared and what are kind of what we heard, what we saw, our opinions, but kstill like double tap into what we were just saying tuger about like compared to last year, I guess like the content of what some of the big announcements were. We we do have an episode from last year. We did the same kind of recap style where a lot of the focus was, of course, on AI, but it was also a lot of conversation around automation too. So for folks who are interested, you kind of see what we talked about last year related to that. But of course, AI is like was a big topic of conversation in the sessions and even more so this year. So I'm curious what your thoughts are on that. And then we're I think we're you know going to lend ourselves to share. Everyone knows kind of the big reveal from pop spot was a loop marketing. So we'll get into that too. 100. Yeah. I think if I step back and think about it, I think last year it felt like you know at inbound they were kind of like, okay, AI is here. We don't exactly know what that means, but go figure it out. You know our Mathad a big session on like creating agents. And I for me that takeaway was like just just start creating agents, create agents. They're they're gonna to be really important. This year I felt like there was a much more studied and analytical and kind of measured understanding of, okay, AI is here and we know how people are starting to use it. So that was really interesting to me because then you know HubSpot had a lot more ideas on how marketers should be approaching customers and prospects in today's world from aio to loop marketing as we're about to get into. But I think that was kind of the big shift it was last year is kind of like AI's here. Everybody is still kind of figuring out and now it's AI's here. We know and have a lot of data on how people are using and interacting with AI on a daily basis. And therefore, we've got a whole playbook for how you should do marketing, which, Dan, it would love for you to kind of into that. I think one thing before going to like the whole loot marketing playbook that they shared, the flip side of it that I thought was interesting, one of my observations is that. It seems like there's also a pretty low adoption of AI like some in some like for markecapacity, Yeah like for marketers or just overall because you just brought up Darmesh's session. I just like he's just he's excellent and I love his talks, but I will say I was a little surprised by his talk this year of like how much it was like focus on almost like education of AI and like how llms work and how how to use AI. And not that I would say it's basic, but I find like we're pretty we're really learning. We've like really adopted a lot of tools and incorporating on the ways that we work. And I just found it kind of interesting because I think on the flip side, there's like it's a kind of like this. These two areas, like people are really advanced and like completely changing the market and how we work as marketers and just across so many industries, when there's that is how where it's like all of people are like how do okay, like where do I even begin? Where do I even start? Yeah. And which I'm excited about because I think that's like where we can we come and advise companies like we're doing this for clients now or we're like advising on their website and their content strategy of how to optimize it for omms and AI. It's about you. It's not necessarily about like you like this is about your journey, not about you know AI's journey. But I thought it was I thought it was I don't know that just like popped into my head honestly that I was like, Oh, it's interesting how almost like how much there's still so much education required. And I feel like when you scroll through a LinkedIn, it makes it feel like, Oh, everyone has this figured out. And it's like, honestly, no, I think that's such a good point. There's a huge gap between like where thought leaders make it seem like everybody is versus where the average marketer is. And I think it's really good to acknowledge that and kind of start where the actual marketer is and be like, Hey, right, you're here. We get that your company is playing kech up. You've already got a million things going on. Let's kind of help you scaffold and get to this place. And Yeah, it's easy to feel that fomo like, Oh, you know, I'm not running like seven different aio strategies, but it's like, let's let's get there together. Like I don't have my team agents yet. It's like, I mean, maybe a handful of people do, but it's we're still figuring it out. Okay. Well, I would love Yeah, let's so we were you know live in stereo at huspot conference, inbound conference and they house spot unveiled like their, I would think they're calling it a growth playbook for the AI era and so their CEO Yamani, she you know got on stage and talked through all of this and a range of folks at too. So Yeah, we can talk through kind of like the few different stages of like what this even means, kind of what to expect. So this is like the graphic that they created. It's like this like infinity loop. So there's like kind of I guess there's you know four different stages within express then to tailor amplify evolbut. It's just I think the whole if I'm understanding correcthe whole point is like it's a constant iteration of how you need to approach this. And I think that's what's kind of cool because it's like we don't know exactly what's going to happen. It's not like you kind of have to. I think what I like about how spots positioning is like you have to kind of create it for your own company. Like this is a framework to follow, but it's not like a step by step instructional guide. Like you have to customize it and personalize it to like your own company, your product or services, your industry, your audience. You know, so Yeah, so we can we can next get into this. I one thing I did want na say though, I another hot take. This is I'm a lous episode. It's full of hot takes and opinions, but like hospot has a huge reputation to live up to and I don't know if loop can fully hold a candle to this framework. They created the concept of inbound marketing. Like, right, we all have been following and like using and it worked like really well for like over a decade. Like I've my first inbound was in 2015. I went in the Boston one and like that was, I don't know what I like, fact checked me, someone fact checked me and I don't know when HubSpot like came out in belmarket in bozany probably a couple years before, because 2013 was like when like LinkedIn didn't even start until like 2013, 2012. So which is insane anyways. Like that's when I started my career. Marketing was like when inbound came out, you know, right? So I'm mixed, but I am excited to I think the big day I'm excited about is, if anything, this gives marketers in the industry and just companies and folks within a company a shared language of like what to focus on and what to prioritize and like how to talk about this. Yeah. So that's what I'm excited about because it's gonna to evolve, but I think that like I appreciate that HubSpot's giving everyone a bit of like a structure of how to like approach all of this. Yeah, Yeah. I'll just say, Janet, I love the way you just framed up loop marketing. You know HubSpot is talking about loop marketing as the growth playbook for the AI era. But I think the words you used, it's really a framework, it's a structure. It's not a step by step guide. Everybody's gonna to tailor it for their own company. And I think that's really important to highlight from the get go. As with so much stuff with AI, you can't just like take it and use a basic template. You're really going to need to be thoughtful about it. So completely agree. Yeah. And I think too, like we'll see. Well, let's walk through the four stages. But essentially, some parts of it are not terribly different than things that other marketers are doing or should be doing right now. Some parts are pretty different. So itbe fun to kind of explore those two areas. Yeah. But Yeah, let's dive into it. I think the best way to explain is by getting into the four stages. So Janet, want to take us through stage one of loop marketing. Sure. Yeah. And I will plug call the action episode here in name until we have an entire episode talking about this stage, which I'm excited about in something that's we you know when we were with clients and companies, we're like, this is so incredibly important to express your distinct brand at any, but not even just express it is like to create it like what what how do you sound? What do you look like? What is the personality of not just like your company, but like the people within your company, like the thought leaders, the executive team, those folks who you know, are creating your products or services. So this one, I mean, I'm really happy that they started with this because I think it's something that's always everyone just wants to move into execution and they don't want to spend the time necessarily elto really like this is a hard work. Like this this is difficult. Like I think you know it's hard to identify like who you are as a company, defining you know your audiences, your ideal customer profiles, setting that branding and messaging, like actually creating those mesguides. Like I mean, I love this type of work. I think this is like some of the most fun things you can do marketing. So I find it interesting when people want na like skip over it and you know create the icp decks and then leave it on a shelf to gather doas. Like no, that should be like a living, breathing part of your entire like company. So one thing, if I remember human straight talker, is that you shouldn't necessarily be, I think, use AI to assist a lot of throughout this entire process, but this should really be coming like into like really trying to understand deeply like your audience and what's important to them and then crafting that, but also like kind of bridging that with like what's your company identity and mission and vision. So I mean, honestly, like if you haven't been doing this, I think the the hot take of like the stage one express is like, this is your wake up call. Like step one, like wake up like a year you haven't been doing and like creating and spending the time to do some research, crafting style guides, evolving it, having that infuse into like your campaigns and messaging and across like all of your channels, even with sales, like don't forget about sales. It's also marketing. Then like this is like if they have it on there, step one, stage one, like focus on this first. A lot of companies overlook this or they just don't train folks or just remind them of it. We see it all. We see it a lot. So you know just a plug like this is very much like if anything, like if you don't feel as like an organization, you can do this yourself. Sometimes this is hard to like talk about yourself. This is where like a partner, like a marketing agency really comes in help with these types of building, these types of you know guides and messaging and all of that. Yeah, and totally agree. I would add, and huspot CEO Yami literally said when talking through this at this stage, you do not start with AI. This is humans really doing this stuff. As you mentioned, Jenny, sure, you might use some AI assistance here and there, but the focus really at stage one, which I think is interesting in this growth marketing playbook for the AI era, stage one is really not starting with AI, it's starting with humans. And I think that's just a really critical critical thing for folks to to know. Yeah Yeah. It's like I see AI this part as like a creative sparring partner, not creating things from scratch, but getting all that information. Help you like synthesize like you have like customer interviews or you know executive leader interviews, bring that bring that in and help it like find gaps or things that you're not thinking about but not creating it from scratch. That's where we we the humans come in. We we are the creative ones. All right, let's go on to stage two. I would love to hear if you want to take us through. It's called Taylor. So Yeah, what does this mean, Tucker? What are they sharing and what's your opinion of stage two? Yeah. So stage two of the loop marketing playbook is called Taylor, as in tailor messaging to your customers needs. So the way they kind of break this down is essentially this is where you take that base message. You take all the things that you did in stage one, your icp, your brand style guides, your brand messaging, and this is where you strategically put this into the llms and you start having the llms personalized messages to your customers. Another quote that Yami said several times over the course of inbound is we're going from personalized to personal. So I think you know the example of what she really means there is right now we think of personalized as the email where it says dear first name and then it plugs in a little bit of personal information about your name, your job title, company. We're now going to the state where the whole entire email is going to be personal to the individual that you're sending to, but it's going to be done at scale. So we're talking about 10000 emails, each of them individually personal to the person receiving it. So that is I think this is what a lot of marketers think about when they think about marketing in the AI era. And my take on this is I think this stage is where most companies are going to run into the most problems. And it is because I do not think people are going to do a good job on stage one where they define their icps, where they define their brand message deffind, their brand style. I think, as you said, Janet, people love to jump right into execution. And I think even now there's this dangerous belief out there, right, that AI is faster, AI is better, AI is cheaper. So let's try to use AI as quickly as possible. But they completely misthe point that good AI marketing must be done on a good foundation. And if you don't have that, you're gonna na do a lot of really bad marketing, and people can see through it. I think like it's like just think of yourself as a consumer, like absolutely. You know when something is like just getting pushed out just for the sake of hitting some arbitrary deadline. I completely agree. The way I've been kind of thinking about this is if your brand messaging is weak, AI is about to broadcast that weakness at scale. You know you want na go like have robots write ten, zero emails for you in 15s, that's great. But if the blueprint pobots, you do lie, like they also lie you like they're even without you making a mistake. Like they also just like hallucination is a lie. I've both seen it happen and I've I've been on the receiving end of it. And I think if you don't have a really robust strategy with lots of context for the llms to use, they're gonna to start generating AI slop. And that in turn is gonna to make your company look really, really, really bad. So sure, you created 10000 emails in 15s, but they might actually be hurting your company. So I see it as really key that companies start strategically investing in messaging and just branding overall, you know, because otherwise I think those companies going that are trying to use AI are going to really be in trouble. So Yeah, I think this has just been a fascinating kind of stage to think about, and itbe really interesting to see that interplay between stage one of express and stage two of taor and seeing which companies do well in which don't. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. I mean, I think this is Benit's just showing that, like as you said, like if your foundation dations not strong, then buckle up because you're going to have a lot of work ahead. All right. So Yeah, ill let's talk through the next stage. So there's we talked through express number one, express two, Taylor three, amplify. I'm definitely very excited about this one because we talk a lot about this. And this is very much core to how Intel's like philosophy of marketing is taking an integrated approach to marketing, repurposing content, taking content and then also though personalizing it across channel. So taking that multichannel approach, but not just you know blasting things across every single channel. It's like where your audience actually shows up. That's what's most important. So there's a lot here, like a ton. So what they you know what they shared and Yeah how many shared. And then just throughout the week was like the amplify stage is really about like building that strategy, optimizing identikind of that channel mix and then activating you know using like ads and organic channels and a range of tactics to reach your audience where they are. But also the kind of big side of it was like very much around like how AI is actually changing what that means and like how you do show up online as a brand. So it was very focused, of course, like on the like digital experience or your you know online presence. So Yeah, I think in terms of we can kind of go back and forth on this one, Tucker, and a kind of where I wanted to start, I think hot take one thing. I feel like we could talk we'll talk more about AI in a moment, but like one thing I feel like they did overlook in the presentations and just overall was like how you need to tailor your messaging by channel, by audience so that you're like showing up, consuming like where pretty much where your audience is consuming, engaging and being entertained. Like everyone's just like, Oh, just like put you know go out there and just let AI create a ton of content at scale and then to your front tiker, it's like, well, what is that content? Is it actually gonna to be strong enough to share? And you know and then like where where are you actually investing that? So we very much think of like your content, think of everything you're producing as like will it compound over time? Will the content that you're investing time, resources, money to create, is that actually going to like serve your brand, your product, your services, like for years to come? We actually showed we have a proof point on this in our last episode. We talked about how we do this for one of our clients where we created video content for them and repurpose it to like blog articles and research articles and a range of stuff. And it still is actually ranking and now answering questions that folks are looking for. And we created that content four years ago before generative AI even came out. So it's like that is the proof point in itself. That's like what you were just saying. Targets like you need to invest the time and make sure that you're really just focused focusing on that foundation, focusing on that content. So wanted I wanted to take a moment there because I think that like when people think of amplify, as you were just saying, they're just think, Oh, we just got to put out more, right? And it's like, no, you need to put out. You need to like amplify the quality. Yeah, I no, I agree. I think across these stages, there is a level of thoughtfulness that really is required across every single stage of HubSpot loop marketing. It is not about just offloading the critical thinking to AI. I mean, Yami last year said, HubSpot handle simplicity and humans handle subtlety. And I think that holds you and I feel like what you're talking about is quality content is still king and queen, and that is what is going to actually resonate. The idea that you're just gonna to throw a bunch of content out there and remix it for different channels without a lot of strategic thinking, that's just another pitfall. And I think the AI height machine likes to present ease and speed. And yes, I think those things are but again, starts with the great foundation and starts with the right kind of you know content that you're really doing. So for sure, I agree there. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. I think where I kind of also the the other thing that I want to pick up on that you mentioned is knowing where to be. And I think this is a big shift that we're seeing right now of where you need to be. And and yameni called out a few quotes, a few stats, and then also a few quotes that I think are really interesting. She said, right now, half of searches don't end with clicks, that by 20, 28, AI search volume will overtake traditional search volume in terms of how companies get done. The funny thing about the second one is I kind of almost feel like that's gonna to happen sooner and maybe it's happening now. Yeah, like that 2028 that's like that. It's I think it's just, I mean, I can understand they have to phrase it that way because like they don't want people to freak out, but it's like it's it's all happening now. Like this is not the future. It's now most of my searches are now resulting in an AI overview or done AI. They're not even happening in groham anymore. So Yeah and then I think you know the result that she said of that is that it's not enough to be on your website anymore. Marketers have to be on social, on video, on podcasts and on llms. That's the other really big I think shift that I still see a lot of marketers catching up on curise. If you kind of had any thoughts on that janitor that, Oh Yeah. I mean, we've been like noticing and impasing this for years. I think like take a step back. Like you're they're going to head a 2028 in further, but it's like, let's go back to 2022 when generative AI was released to the world by opai, like chati bt came out in November 2022. That was almost three years ago. Yeah. Like and now we're like, okay, 2028. Like that will be three years from now. So it's like be like there. This is already happening. And I think you know it is a massive show because everyone thinks of like their website as like this hub of like information and you want na drive everyone back to the website to take action, which is, yes, in some fact it is, but it's not like the first action that you should be expecting. It should be we want people to take action and to engage with our brand and our like our company and our people in our company on the channels where they're engaging and being entertained. You know, like they're not we're seeing this all over LinkedIn, a ton of channels, even Instagram, like all of them, like they don't want to drive folks off of their platform to your website. They are very much you need to. They want the entire incentive is that you're staying on like everyone knows like how long you can scroll through TikTok and Instagram. Like that is the entire point of these platforms. Yes. So yes, like we see it all the time for clients. We see it like it's it's happening. It's not like something that's going to happen. And I think what we were just talking beginning of this episode, it's like you're not at least thinking and starting to incorporate into like your marketing strategy and just honestly company straplans to like follow this and like do this and like you're you're gonna to it's gonna to take a long time to catch up, unfortunately. And that's the hard, honest truth. I feel like people watching or listening to this need to just rewind the last 30s and listen to that whole thing again, because completely agree. And you know I just need to just underline and underscore everything you just said, Janet, because the top of funnel experience of your brand where buyers are you know discovering you and then learning about you is no longer happening on your website. And Yami, the CEO of HubSpot, said this herself. You know she said buyers are not finding and learning about you on their website. They're learning about you on social, on video, on podcaon, llms. And I frankly feel a little bit worried that a lot of marketers, this really hasn't sunk in for them yet and that they haven't caught up. Meanwhile, their competitors are really starting to do things like baarly, zero click content on social, lots of short form videos and then strategically starting to create content that ranks for AI search. And if you're not doing those three things, you're not going to show up in this era. And I know that Amtel is very passionate about doing these things strategically, but I think that's a really big learning curve that I hope marketers really catch up to very quickly. Zero click content, content that ranks for AI search in short form video because to me, those are three tempols that are really how you're gonna to win and be thanable in the market today. Yeah. Also the one thing you mentioned is like marketers aren't getting it. Maybe I think also though, like I do feel like marketers do understand to a certain extent, like we do have a ton of clients that I understand they're prioritizing this, just folks in our network. But I think then also the challenge, like more so like the company leadership, like people within leadership positions or other departments within an organization don't get this, and they want this like really clear specific answer, which we're kind of giving. Like there is now one like now that we have the data, but like right, the problem I see is that like marketing, I was always like constantly having to but like prove ourselves and like explain instead of actually like I think this is the point where you do have to just start executing and start iterating, which I do brings us to the next one actually, because the of the of the loop or no, it's evolved is the next stage. But I do appreciate that how spot talked about this because yes, you know, we do need to take action on this and companies need to start to like make moves. But if we're if you're kind of not listening to your marketing, folks are like you know folks who actually are like tracking this and seeing this, right, and just being like, no, no, we got everyone to our website. We got to invest in that and we got to do these traditional things and then they're not seeing it working and then they're like, Oh, marketing doesn't work, right? Right? It's like this loop of like, Oh my God, we goto like kind of break. We goto break. That we got to break that loop in some capacity to like achieve what husswad is saying and what we've been saying for a long time and and other folks too, is not just hubolike. Check out spartoro samarsh webflow even like there are tons of companies like very respectful that are like tracking this and know this is happening and advising on this. Yeah, completely agree. We got we got to break the old loop and then start the new loop. And my hope is that companies company leadership start to understand this and that we as marketers get even better at educating you know those who are not deep in the AI marketing world and are understanding what's important and what to value. So Yeah, so kind of to round out with this fourth stage of loop marketing is called evolve. Evolve your strategy to me, basically this means you know using AI to learn faster and to take action faster. And I think my take on this is that even though this stage is a lot about speed, I think actually this stage is a good one to kind of slow down on, because I think it's really easy to get lots and lots of data and lots of lots of insight. And AI is going na, make it even easier and even faster to get tons of data and tons of insight. But it's also really easy to just blindly accept the AI insights that you're given, the AI recommended actions that you're given, and take them without stepping back and thinking, is this actually the right move? Is this actually what I need to be doing? So I think even with AI insights, you still need a human with taste and judgment to really be at the helm and thinking about, how can I use these insights? How can I you know take all of this information that is coming at me and and use it to kind of power my strategy in my campaigns even better? So that was kind of my initial take on on this side of things. Yeah. And I think that's like where I was. I was just saying like marketers are expected to just give us like very like factual, very clear answer of the data reporting. And it's like it's humans. Like it's not it's very messy and then urbrain an AI, which is also kind of messy. So I think a big part of it is like you you know any way to try to shift and help other folks within your organization like understand. Like this is how we need to like we need to like optimize. We need experiment. We may not get it right all the time, but at least we're learning. That's kind of I think the big takeaway for me on this one, which is a hard thing to do, honestly. Yeah, absolutely. So absolutely. The one little other example that came to mind around this was with Google ads. Actually, for years, Google ads has provided automated recommendations. I think they didn't even call it like AI driven recommendations at first, but now they do right to me. You know, I've been running Google ads for years and at least 50% of those recommendations were not right in my opinion. You know they might help you get more clicks, but they weren't designed to help you get more conversions. So I think that's and I think that's gonna to keep happening, right? You're gonna to get all these insights and recommendations, but you need to be savvy enough to know, like, Hey, is this actually gonna to help me achieve the objective that I am going after? Is this actually what my team and my company needs, or is this just a recommendation that AI thinks they want to do because they think you want it? Yeah, it's like AI it's like, Yeah, that's a funny point. Because it's like they also like kind of like want to impress you. So it's like trying it to just tell you what you want to hear. Yeah. So you have to also tell like tell it to tell you like what you're overlooking or not doing well, you know? So Yeah, I just heard a podcast yesterday from wired and they used a very fancy scrabble word of AI sicophanancy, basically like being a sicophanbasically, sucking up or kissing up to you. And like I think that's, I love that, you know, a real problem, AI hallucinations. But AI copfancy, I mean, like, Oh, let me give you this thing. You're so great. But it's like, are you actually a critical partner who's helping me do this? Or you just what you think I wanna hear and that's Yeah something Bilike. Are you just like using it to inform and support your own biases and opinions or using it to challenge them? Exactly. Fascinating. Interesting. All right. Well, the only the last thing I did want to just touch on very briefly was just to you know we heard a lot of HubSpot. There's still so much to unpack and like go through. So we hope that part of this helps you kind of get up to speed a little faster to know if you attended it or not, just like there's just so much information to consume. So we hope kind of synthesizing this little for you folks is helpful. The only one thing that I did want to touch on, and then I felt that I was like overlooked at the keynotes and sessions, Tucker was like there was a lot of focus on AI, of course, and just like channels and the more technical side of things. But really, what I think what we're talking about is like there's a people problem that still needs to be solved. And you know when we were at our Antel mixer, when I was chatting with people, they weren't really talking about like, Oh, like how do you guys use AI or like all these things? But they were really talking more of like inherently human problems that are still having an impact, such as like you know silos not being able to like connect with other departments, lack of communication, like lack of just shared processes or operations, like just wanting to be working on the same team or lack thereof within a company, which I appreciate people opening up to us about. But what was what's interesting is the gardenner actually shared. They have this like leadership vision report. So I wanted to bring in a little bit of like other as you mentioned, there's other organizations like tracking these changes. And when I looked at this report, I found out really interesting because it's like top three strategic priorities for chief marketing officers. And interesting enough, like AI wasn't on here, and one of the top ones, which I'll pull out and we can share like the link to this report. You can just like also Google it to get it as well. But one of the top ones was like they're really struggling to bridge the strategy to the operation. So like creating that strategy, building that goal, building that map romap and then actually like bringing that into execution and making a plan around that. So I thought that was really fascinating because I feel like that's a bit of an undertone of what a lot of what we're talking about where folks are like struggling, like being able to collaborate across departments, making sure that everyone's like working in the same direction and achieving this like you know a shared goal, not like these individual goals of your career or something like that. So I wanted to bring this up because I think that's like something that I would love to see in the future. Just have more conversations about on this show, but just with others and just like honestly, technology companies to like talk about more, just like there's more to it than just like getting all these fancy tools. It's like how do we actually using them and how do we work as humans and with our AI partners on this? Yeah, I'm so glad you brought this up, Janet. I think bridging marketing strategy to operations is just absolutely essential for doing good marketing and B2B digital marketing today. It's a cornerstone of what Antel does. But I think we see and hear a lot of companies that talk about, you know on the one hand, problem with agencies where they feel like agencies are just order takers and they're not strategic partners, which that's why kind of we pride ourselves on being strategic partners. But I think even to see that this is happening, forget about agencies for a second. This is happening internally in a lot of companies where there's just a huge gap between the strategy and the execution and the operations. I think to bridge dge this to huspot inbound, what they did talk a lot about there was hybrid teams, right? So they talked about you know the hybrid teams of AI and humans, you know but I think if people start introducing AI into their teams, but there's no uniform way to do this and no kind of uniform protocols at a company of how they're going to use AI, these problems I think are going to get a lot, lot worse. So I'm really glad you've phoned in on this because I think leaders need to align on the strategy, the goals and the processes for how they're going to you know bring that strategy down the line into everything they're doing. So totally. Yeah, love it. Well, Yeah I feel like there's just always so many things to unpack. We did actually we do have a few episodes call to action. The folks can check out our past, like just take a look at our channel on our podcast as well as on our YouTube channel. But talk about thought leadership and AI how to build branchwe. Have an entire episode about building your messaging like and give you a framework for that, like what we use as an agency for clients as well as like actually developing our constrategy with AI. So there's a lot there. We've been talking about this for a while and excited that it's just as I mentioned before, like I'm excited that this is just becoming more of a shared conversation, way more, you know, there's a little there's more data for us to really like have some more confidence of how to approach this. So anyways, I think we can wrap it up. Tucker. Go into what we think kind of I'd love to hear you know we talked a lot when over the loop marketing four stages. I think maybe it's going to evolve to include more, who knows, as we continue to like learn and grow as marketers and just as an industry as a whole. So but I'm curious to hear like what are what's your call to action for our audience today based on what we learned at HubSpot inbound conference and just what we're seeing coming into the future. So I'm still thinking about stage three, amplify, and I'm still thinking about yany saying half of searches don't end in you know clicks to a website. I think my current soapbox is getting more and more marketers to do zero click content on social, specifically LinkedIn. So I'm gonna to say call to action, try to do two zero click content posts on LinkedIn this month. Compare that engagement against you know your posts that include links and then share that information with your team, with your company even outside of marketing, especially outside of marketing to start taking the action to educate your entire company on the absolute necessity of doing zero click content. So there's my call to action. What about yours, ji? Love it. I'm going to go with think maybe to like stage one and very much like taking the time to pretty much like if you can get like I think I've shared this before, but it's like if you can get like your leadership or folks within the company to just like talk at you for an hour, share their vision, really like get into that like human core of like why your company exists, what like what are you trying to solve for your customers? If you can even talk to customers, even better, like truly talk to them, not just like getting like notes from a call. I think that's really where I would love to see. Like that's the difference. And that's what they were talking about. When we talk about is like you have to start to build genuine trust and like differentiate your perspective, your opinions really show up to like share that forward with folks. It can't just be like as you were mentioning, like AI slop or just like reiterating the same thing. Like you really have to start to get more specific. Like the more specific the better of like what do you actually solve? How do you help people, whether that's a product or service of your company or just even just like your your opinions. You know I don't think it always has to be something someone buys necessarily. So I think take the time to really like if it's like getting on a zoom to record, getting in a room at your next offsite, but being kind of the champion of wanting to bring that story out as I see as the role of a marketer. Love that. Absolutely never, never more than now. So Yeah. Well, thank you, Tucker. As always, thanks for running the floor the conference. Big kudos to also to Sarah and David on our team who are also just and Shelly as well versus just you know doing the rounds, meeting people, learning a lot on the Intel team and then just Yeah everyone that we met, it was wonderful to speak to you. And for those of you listening, thanks for tuning in again to another episode of call to action welove to hear from you. Like what are your observations? What are your hot takes, your opinions of the housewinbound conference this year and we really hope to see you next year. We will be attending next year. It's back in Boston. Woo. So we'll see you there. Looking forward to it. And Yeah, let us know in the comments. Subscribe to the channel and we'll talk to you soon. Thank you.
