---
ticker: HUBS
type: podcast_transcript
title: "Best of MFM: Listen To This Before You Invest Another Dollar"
podcast: ""
date: 2026-03-25
audio_url: https://pdst.fm/e/traffic.megaphone.fm/HS3306928454.mp3?updated=1774450629
language: auto
chars: 31100
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# Best of MFM: Listen To This Before You Invest Another Dollar

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2026-03-25

---

## Transcript

How would I take ten k and turn it into a million? Soka, 20, 25. We cannot go into the S&P. The S&P is overheated. So what I would do that would treat bokshire Hathaway as the index, if you bought the S&P when the pe ratio is 23, your annualized return of the next ten years was between two and minus two. So you have to know bupkets made at least 400 investment decisions. He's saying twelve are the ones that matter. The guof investing has a 4% hit rate. Investing is an infinite game. You don't really win or lose. The players just decide to drop out. Don't be such a freaking idiot. The riskiest thing in the world is the belief that there's no risk when the time comes to buy. You won't want to. If I said, what's the number one trait that makes a great investor, what comes to mind? I feel like I can Ruthe world, I know I could be what I want to. I put my all in it like a days on for the road. Let's travelnow. So let's play a game. You're my coach, you're my investing coach, let's say, and I have ten, zero dollars, and I want to turn it into a million, right? Podcast called my first million. I wanna go from ten k to a million. So that's 100x. How would I take ten k and turn it into a million? The thing about investing is that opportunities are not going to show up just because you have the cash. So I would make some tweaks to your thinking first about the ten k. So I would say, okay, the ten k is a good starting point, but what I also want you to do separately from that is have a day job. Yeah, okay. And I want you to spend less than your earning and I want you to take the ten k and I also want you to take your annual savings. Maybe that's five, ten, zero a year or whatever it is. And normally I would say put it into an index, right? The index, like the S&P is overheated. We can't go there right now. Soca, 2025. We cannot go into the S&P. Okay, okay, maybe 2035 we can, but not 2025. So what I would do, I would treat Berkshire Hathaway as the index. So I would just say the default currently is you put it you know, dollar cost average into the into Berkshire class b shares, okay? And you keep doing that day in, day out. And if you did that, you know, the math is really simple. Even if we were doing 10% a year, right, I mean, which I think is pretty reasonable for Berkshire rule of 72, we would double every seven years. Life is all about doubles. Okay? Let's say we are a 20 something guy with 10000 and you go for 50 years or 49 years, it's seven doubles, right? Okay, seven doubles is 128, okay? It's 128 times your money. I gave you more than 100x, right? I gave you 128x in 49 years without having to, without genius, without doing anything, right? So this is just plan b, right, where we put the 10000 in, it becomes more than million, 1.33 million with no taxes paid, right? There's no dividend, there's no taxes, there's nothing. And we haven't even gone to plan a yet. This is just sitting day. All right, let's take a quick break because we got a little freebie for you. So if you're listening to this episode and you like what monicia talking about, you might be like me. You're trying to take notes. You're trying to remember these principles that he's talking about because the dude is just a wealth of knowledge when it comes to investing. Well, the find folks at HubSpot listen to this episode. They took the transcript. They put down the nine principles that he talks about, as well as the examples that he have, and they put it all in a pdf for you, so you don't need to take notes. They did it all for you. You can read that, learn from it. That's much better way to get more value out of these episodes. It's in the show notes below. Just go download that and enjoy. So I want to ask about the S&P, because you don't know much about us, but the short version of the guy you see across from me there, Sam, is sa's entrepreneur. Sam built ds, his company, he sold his company, and he took the money that he made. And he said, look, I worked hard for this money. Now want this money to work hard for me, but I need it to be safe. And says Sam went into a mostly you know best practice low cost index funds in the S P 500. And anytime I asked Sam about his strategy or I tell him, dude, you got to buy bitcoin, Ethereum, you goto buy this gotta put some money over here because I'm I'm like, you know if Sam is vanilla, I don't even know what I am. I'm some flavor off on the side. That's how about strange two dy fruity Yeah I' M D fruity over here and I keep trying to pull them over here but he says, no, no, no, I like vanilla. And so he he basically just says the long term average dsp 500 is ten. If I just hold this for 50 years, I'm gonna double you know this many times I'm good. But you know I do get a little wary when anything seems too safe or too certain or I guess too taken for granted that this ten Percent Number over the long term will be be what itbe, I guess what would your message be to Sam? Is Sam just, you know, is he right? Is he wrong? Would you give him a caution of warning if he was your nephew? He looks like he might be your nepheif. He was your nephew. What would you be telling him? Well, on the one hand, Sam, you're right, because if if you have more money than you need to eat, the first purpose of your money should be to make you comfortable. It doesn't make any sense. Buffett says, don't risk what you have and need to get what you don't have and don't need. It makes no sense for somebody with a surplus of money to make their daily life less pleasant by going to investments that put them under pressure. But there's going to be a butt on your statement, it sounds like. But on the other hand, the riskiest thing in the world is the beliefs that there's no risk. The risk in the markets does not come from the companies, the securities or the institutions like the exchanges. The risk in the markets comes from behavior of people. And it's for that reason that Buffett says, when others are imprudent, you should be prudent. When other people are carefree, you should be terrified, because their behavior unduly raises prices and makes them precarious. When other people are terrified, you should be aggressive because their behavior their behavior suppresses prices to the point where everything is a giveaway. So I don't I mean, look, in the long run, you're right about the S&P and over the over the coming years, American companies on balare going to produce prosperity. What what's that defined as long term in the, well, I would say a 20 or more got it is is is the is the real long term. And I'll tell you in a minute how I get there. But my favorite cartoon, I have a file of cartoons from over the years. My favorite one, there's a guy he's got his is a car pulled over to the side of the road. The guy's in a phone booth. So you know it's an old cartoon cause there are no more phone booth. And there's as a factory going up in the background and he's screaming into the telephone, I don't give a damn about prudent diversification. Sell my Fenwick chemical. In other words, prudent diversification calls for certain investment positions and a variety of them in a certain composition. Reality says, I see fenwchemicals burning to the ground. Get me out. And you have. You can't ignore reality now. Why? What's reality in this case? For you, reality is recognizing where things stand. And jp Morgan published the chart around the end of 24, and it was the scatter diagram showing over the years if you bought the relationship between the S&P 500 ad purchase and the return of the annualized return over the next ten years, and it looked like this on this axis we had return and on this axis we had pe ratio. And it was it was a negative correlation, which means the higher the pe ratio you pay, the lower the return you should expect. Makes perfect sense. And it showed there was a number here, 23, on the pe ratio axis and showed, which is what the pe ratio on the S&P was at the time. And it showed that historically, if you bought the S&P when the pe ratio was 23, in every case, there were no exceptions. In every case, your annualized return of the next ten years was between two and minus two. So all you have to know. I wonder how do you manage your psychology in a period of time where your performance is not as good as you want because you seem like a really well balanced, well regulated emoemotionally regulated guy. But at the same time, this is the game you're playing and how do you manage your psychology during a window of time like that? So Yeah, it's it's absolutely spectacular question. It's funny because I did a sort of dry run through. I'm gonna to be talking about the fund to our investors in a day or two's time. And I think it's like it's seven or eight yards that I've underperformed the f and p index in this case. And so I don't know why it always comes up for me when I think of this is the question that was asked to me just after I'd published my book and I was invited to give a talk at Google. And the app performance was looking better at that point than it was it is right now. And a very smart engineer asked the question, how do you know that the app you've gotten to date is not luck? And my answer then, as as it would have to be now is we don't know. Well, I'm just one data point and amongst thousands of data points. And so you know youwould argue that 25 years is a long period of time, but in eight years of underperformance in that 25 years is also a long time. And so you know this was already a year or two ago where I said, in the face of other performance, what am I going to do and we're going to say, this sucks, this isn't working. I need to strange change my strategy and risk everything that's steered to me potentially. Or am I going to say, look, I understand what I'm doing somehow the market's not rewarding the way I would like it to be rewarded. But I know that what I'm doing will, in the even in the worst possible cases, lead to a really, really good life, even if I am under performing and if I take the starters, you know, my first investors, friends and family had never invested in equiquities before. So in their case, even if they're underperforming the S&P, they've vastly outperformed at what they would have gotten in fixed income. And all the cash instruments that they have there, they've won many, many, many times over. And I actually got to have, I like to call it courage, where I kind of realized that the key is to compound and to take make moves that I know will enable me to compound. And if I can end up beating an index, then that would be great, but but I cannot jeopardize compounding for the sake of beating the index. I have to focus on compounding. And that leads. And if you step back, I mean, I think that you know this this idea of playing the infinite game, so many people think they're playing a finite game, but they're playing an infinite game. Explain the difference. Finite in infinite games. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. So so finite. This clear distinction between finite and infinite games. A finite game is one which has a clear set of rules, a clear space in which it's played out, both in terms of time and physical loso. An example would be chess. The as a set of rules, it's played across the board, and there's a winner and a loser according to the time controls. Or a game of American football, it's played an American football pitch. There are end players each side. The game starts at end. There's a winner, there's a loser. It's declared according to the rules. And but the thing is, the most important things in life are infinite games. What is an infinite game? An infinite game has no clearly defined rules, no clearly defined game space, no clearly defined time when it begins and ends. And one of my favorite examples for an infinite game was the Cold War. The Cold War was fought across many battlefronts, whether it was the Southeast Asia or the, you know building nuclear missiles or rivalry between the superpowers and all sorts of ways. It not really clear exactly when it started. And here's the thing, and it played itself, multiple rules, multiple places. In the infinite game, you don't really win or lose. Usually one or more of the players just decides to drop out. In the case of Russia, Russia kind of in a way, imploded and dropped out of it. What's the most important point? The the key mistake that we make so often in life is we think we're playing a finite game. When we're playing an infinite game, life is an infinite game. Investing is an infinite game. So how many people I would tell you out of, I don't know how many funds that were around at the time that I started, how many around today, and it's like less than 2%. Now some of the people left that game of investing because they actually were utterly superb, made enormous amounts of money and decided to go and do something else. A famous example of that is nicksleep. He's in William Green's book. And so that those people, there are those people. But I did a study of this about ten years ago, and there was a Lipper database where I could look up all the funds that were around at the time. They don't really give their reasons for dropping out because but in many cases, because they had an implosion of one kind or another. And so you don't want to be the guy who. What's the circle, the wagon's philosophy? Well, the circle, the wagon's philosophy actually came out of when I was thinking about Buffett's letter last year to shareholders, the 2023 letter. He pointed out that in 58 years of running Berkshire, there were only twelve decisions that he had made that had moved the needle for berkshand. Berkshire had a tremendous run. They've compounded, I mean, till recently. We're compounding it 20 plus percent a year for 58 years. You know, if you're doing, if you're 20% a year, you are doubling every three and a half years, okay? And that means after 35 years, it's a ten doubles and 58 is another 23 years. So you've got another, what, one, six, six. So 16 doubles, two to power 16. Now the way we do two to power 16 is two to power ten times, two to power six, two to power ten round numbers 1000, it's 1000x right? And two to the power six is 64. It's 64000 times what you started with, okay? If you started with $100, it's 6.4 million, okay? $100 is 6.4 million, okay? So he he's saying, I would calculate in the last 50 years, 58 years, Buffett's made three or 400, at least 400 different investment decisions. He's saying twelve are the ones that matright, the God of investing, has a 4% hit rate. That's the God of investing. That's why we should index, right? What are the rest of us mere mortals supposed to do? Now, the thing is that the I was thinking about his twelve bets, right? And I thought about, okay, which were the twelve? And I think he never mentioned that, but you could guess which one sees would be one of them. Cobe, another one, amex, Gillette, capp, cities, Washington Post. You know, you can come up with the names, you know, bokshire, Hathway energy, A G chain, hiding A G chain, probably the biggest bet for them, but paid off huge for them. So what I realized when I thought about these twelve bets was it wasn't the buy decision. The buy decision is important. The important thing was they never sold seas, stayed in the stable for 50 years. Coke has been in the stable for 40 plus years, right? So it wasn't the buy decision, it was the paint drying decision. Okay? That was the important thing. So when you find yourself in the happy position of a small ownership in a great business, just find something else to do with your time, play bridge or whatever. Have you considered golf? I involved is great. Can I ask you about your reading habits? How do you pick what books you read? I've never read any books about how to be an investor. Like you know multiply this by that, Ned this and subtract that. And the books I've found most interesting have always been the ones about investor behavior. And I mentioned devil take the inmost 99. One of the greatest books I ever read was before that John Kenneth Galbraith book called the short history of financial euphoria. That was really pivotal for me. And since I'm a slow reader, I liked the fact that it was only about 100 pages. And then, you know, back in back in 74, I think Charlie Ellis wrote an article winning the losers game where he said that because you can't predict the future, active investing doesn't work. He was a believer in the efficient market. So rather than try to hit winners like the tennis player, you should try to avoid hitting losers and keep the Boin play. And that has always defined my investing style. In fact, I wrote a memo in the summer of 24 or 23 called fewer winners, fewer losers or more winners. And that's the basic choice of investing style. Today's episode is brought to you by HubSpot. Did you know that most businesses only use 20% of their data? That's like reading a book, but then tearing out four fifths of the pages. Point is, you miss a lot. And unless you're using HubSpot, the customer platform that gives you access to the data you need to grow your business, the insights that are trapped in emails, call logs, transcripts, all that unstructured data makes all the difference, because when you know more, you grow more. And so if you want to read the whole book instead of just reading part of it, visit HubSpot. Com. There's a great, I think, like sort of math paradox that you've pointed out, which is know a fund, I don't know if it was your fund, but any fund, it could be you know never a but never in the top 10%, but sort of never in the bottom 50%. And there's this strategy of just consistently being above average will place you in the top 5%, right? Itplace you in the top percent. Can you unpack that idea a little bit? I just I just sort of butchered it. In 9090, I wrote a memo called the route to performance, and I had a dinner in Minneapolis with my client, Dave Van Benz Colton, who ran the General Mills pension fund. And Dave explained to me that he had run the fund for 14 years. And in 14 years, the the equities General Mills equity portfolio was never above the 20 seventh percentile or below the 40 seventh percentile. So 14 years in a row, solidly in the second quartile. Now, if you said to the normal person, not in the investment business, so this thing fluctuated between the 20 seventh and the 40 seventh. Where do you think it was for the whole period? They would say, well, let me think, probably around 30 seventh. The answer is fourth. So if you if you can do well for 14 years in a row and avoid the tendency to shoot yourself in the foot in a bad year, you can pop up to the top. At the same time, another investment management firm had a terrible year because they were deep value investors and they were heavy in the banks, and the banks suffered terribly. So they were at the bottom. So the president comes out. And of course, things, people in the investment business are great rationalizers and communicators. And he says the answer is simple. If you wanna be in the top 5% of money managers, you have to be willing to be in the bottom. Well, that makes great sense, except that my clients don't care if I'm ever in the top five and they absolutely don't want to see me in the bottom five. So my reaction is the first guy's approach is the right one for me. So that's why at oak tree we go for fewer losers, not more winners. Yeah, I love that because it's one of the unsexy ideas. Like I think any idea you can't you know make a movie about or won't make you sound really cool are generally undervalued ideas. They when they actually logically math out the way the way that one does. And so I sort of that was one that stuck out to me is I think bogoing nobody's going to give you a motivational video about being consistently above average and just never shooting yourself in the foot, right? It's all about heroic greatness and huge risks you can take and you know being willing to do it. And so, you know that's all you hear. But but you know, the Financial Times of London, every Saturday they they have an article called lunch with the ft. They take somebody to lunch and they write an article about the person, the restaurant and the food. And they did that with me in late 22. And I took the reporter to my favorite Italian restaurant near the office in New York, where I go 100% of the time if I have a lunch. And and I said to her, eating in this restaurant is like investing at oak tree, always good, sometimes great, never terrible. Now that to me, that sounds like a modest boast, but if you can do that for 40 or 50 years, I think itcompound to great results if you never shoot yourself in the foot. And I think it's I don't know if the sec is listening, but I think it's descriptive of what we've accomplished. The most important thing in life is how long does something take to double, okay? Because that basically leads to everything else. So for example, if you look at someone like Warren Buffett, right? He started he started his compounding journey when he was like ten or eleven years old. I think he would say it's when he was seven years old. He's going to be 94 this year, okay? That's a 87 year runway so far right now. The thing is that if you have a really long runway, then a low rate of compounding would still get you a big number. Or if you have a shorter runway and a higher rate would again get you the same. So it's very important in life, and that's why I think that I wish theydo this in high school is to start that engine early. So for example, let's let's take a situation of someone who's just finished college, right? At 22 years old, they got some job, maybe like making a you know, 70, 80, zero a year or something, and they put away $10000 in their 400 1K, right? They're 22 years old in an index, right? The index has done 10% a year. Now what that means is that 10% a year means that that 10000 will double every seven years. All right. Today, day's sponsor is a company that I use that I actually built a company on that I sold for millions of dollars, and it took me zero upfront capital. We had one employee. And those are the types of business I love. I love lightweight businesses, things that don't require a lot of capital, don't require a lot of employees, and you can just get them off the ground quickly. And so beehuve has a platform that lets you launch a newsletter about anything. And the great thing about newsletters is it could just take one person. You're just writing stuff that you already know and already enjoy. And it can grow and grow and grow for us with our crypto newsletter. We built the brand called the milk groand. In one year, we went from zero to being the biggest crypto newsletter on earth. And we sold the company for millions of dollars in a year. And the only reason we could do that is because beehive had all the things we needed out of the box. We needed to be able to write the newsletter. Sanit had growth features, referral programs, monetization. Everything was built in. And so highly recommend if you're looking for a lightweight business, something that you can get going very quickly, highly recommend beehive as a place to start. Go to beehive com slamfm and you could actually use the code mfm 30 and get 30% off your first three months. So let's take a situation where the person is now 64 years old. Right now they started at 22. It's 64. Says 42 years. 42 years is six doubles, right? I do this to make it easy, right? Okay, so six doubles, right? That's two to the power of six. Two to the power of six is 64. So that 10000 that the person saved at 22 is 640000 at 64, but that's not all they have at 23. They save 11000. That's again sitting at some big number and you keep going. And you know, sometimes we see his news articthere's is some guy who's a janitor or some college and he gives 4 million to the college and lived in a one bedroom apartment, whatever, right? Why are we surprised? Okay, if you actually run the math, he actually didn't even save that much and he didn't even have that such a great compounding engine. It's not like he found apple 20 years ago or something. That's not what happened. What what happened was that there was a consistency. And so actually, my my pushback to my dad when he was telling me to start a business is I was telling him at that time I said, look, I got a 401K. I got 30000 in the 400 1K, right? I'm going, I'm couning with 15% a year. My employer at that time was matching the first 2%, so it was becoming 17% tax free. Basically it's tax deferred and my incomes going up over time. So I was when I first started working, my salary was 31000, right? So I'm saving 4500a year, right? But if I was still working, my pay would have been hundreds of thousands or more. And I'm putting away a lot of money. So by the time I get to retirement, it's like it's game over. You know, lots of extra cash available, no problem. And I never missed the money because it was ptax right, taken out. So it's just great. So I think I think I wish that Young people understand that. Yeah, listen, you can pursue lottery tickets. You can pursue entrepreneurial dreams, you can do all of that. That's fine. But on the side, keep this goal. I came across a great quote within the last year from a guy who, a retired trader, when the time comes to buy, you won't want to. And that encapencapsulates so much wisdom, because what is it that causes the great moments to buy? It's probably the point of lowest consensus. So when most people don't believe would be the time that the price is going to be the lowest, right, it's the time with either the most uncertainty or the most pessimism or the most fear, most conservatism. So you also want to be all those things. What causes those things? You're talking about? You're talking about the manifestation. What's the cause? Bad news, I don't know. Bobad events. Se, bad news either, either exogenous or or in the economy, faltering corporate fortunes, declining stock prices, widespread losses and a proliferation of articles about how terrible the future looks. So the point, that's why you don't want to buy at the low. Who would want to buy under those circumstances, right? And so you you talked before in your introduction about zigging when others zag. The only thing I'm sure of is if you zig, when they zig, you're not gonna to outperform. Do you still feel that fear you know of you like when you know you're supposed to buy, do you still feel fearful or do you feel like nice? Hello, my old friend. I love this emotion. This is what I'm supposed to do, right? Yeah. I mean, it's not easy, but you have to know. You have to do it. If you think about it, the fortunes of companies and the outlook for companies doesn't change much. And I'm writing a memo about this thatcome out one of these days. And what changes is how people think about what's going on and think about the future. And so what changes is the relationship of price to what I'll call value? Sometimes they hate them. Sometimes they love them. When they love them too much, you should expect them to probably go down that sounds like a bull market or a bubble. And when they hate them too much, you should expect them to go up that sounds like a bear market or a crash. And so you have to do the opposite. And the same developments in the environment that that affect everybody else will affect you. You're subject to them. You feel them, you read about them, you hear about them. Everybody tells you how dire the outlook is. And you know it's hard to ignore them, but you have to do the right thing in the face of them. In 1998, we had the Russian ruled devaluation, the debt crisis in Southeast Asia and the meltdown of Long Term Capital Management. And one of our portfolio managers who who was Young came to me and he said, I think this is it. I think we're gonna to melt down. I think it's all over. I'm terribly pessimistic. I said, tell me why he went through his reasoning. I said, okay, now go back to your desk and do your job. A battlefield hero. And I don't want to compare what we do to being a battlefield hero, but a battlefield hero is not somebody who's unafraid. It's somebody who does it anyway, and that's the way you have to be. Can you get the, I think there's a monish thing. I don't know. Oh, maybe hegot it from somebody else. The two gas stations across the street. I thought this was a great metaphor. So Yeah, it comes from a good to great. So Yeah, it's a beautiful idea that I haven't thought about for an enormously long time. The idea is, and this is a story I think is in his book, good to great, two gas stations pothe both opposite sides of the road. And the guy in the one gas station, you know, when he gets a customer, he's made some money, he paints the wall of the gas station, he puts out some flowers, he makes this gas slightly cheaper. And these are all actions that the guy on the other side of the road opposite him could do. Not only could he do, he's seeing the other guy do it right in front of him, right in front of him. And the fact of the matter is that in so many cases in life, a guy on the other side of the road who has all the opportunity to do exactly the same thing as the winning gas station just doesn't do it. And you come to this situation and ydown the road, and it's very hard to understand why one is so successful and the other isn't. And so you know the way I think I tell the story in my book is I'm sort of sitting with monish and he's told this story a few times now and I'm like, Yeah, Yeah, what a dumb guy on the other side of the road. He isn't copying any of the things that the one with the successful business is doing. And and I don't know exactly what happens when I was ars. Actually, the other guy on the other side of the road, because here's Mr. Monash, pberi doing all these things and you're not doing any of those things. Why the hell not? Don't be such a freaking idiot, right? I feel like I can Ruthe world. I know I could be what I want to. I'll put my old in it like a days on. If you made it this far, then you're going to love what I'm about to tell you. So there's this amazing entrepreneur who's named Neil Patel. He's been on mfm. He's one of our favorite guests, and he has a podcast. It's called marketing school, and it's brought to you by the HubSpot podcast network. Marketing school brings you daily, actionable digital marketing lessons learned from years and years of being in the trenches. They have over 100 million downloads and over 2500 episodes. Marketing school gives you bite size Zed marketing wisdom that you can implement immediately. Whether you have a new website or you already have this huge established business. You're gonna to learn about the latest seo, content marketing, social media, email marketing, conversion optimization and general online marketing strategies that work today. You can get marketing school wherever, get your podcast.
