---
ticker: HUBS
type: podcast_transcript
title: "Scott Galloway: Why I'm selling my American stocks"
podcast: ""
date: 2026-02-16
audio_url: https://pdst.fm/e/traffic.megaphone.fm/HS1343612565.mp3?updated=1771253771
language: auto
chars: 78947
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# Scott Galloway: Why I'm selling my American stocks

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2026-02-16

---

## Transcript

Old people have basically reping our economy for the last 30 or 40 years and needs to scotscott Galway Scott Galway way is a professor at nyu Stern School of business, the Howard Stern of the business work. We a little stick for you today. We want to ask you the ten spiciest burning questions today that we've long time to give about both but far away. I am living large and I love it. I so good at spending money. I spend money like a 50 ties. Gaster just diagnosed with ascancer Scott. You want to get into the sugar. I feel like I can Ruthe world. I know I could be what I want to. I put my all in it like a days on how honest you want me to be. Is this offend people? Negative comments make it sure that people really believe I'm not running for president based on my answers, like, are we going to all stalls with no chip here? What are we doing? All right, so you did this post the other day, which was pretty hilarious. You said, I finally know what it feels like to be an attractive woman because I'm at Davos and everyone's looking down at my chest and deciding if they're going to talk to me or not. It was great. I loved your Davos stuff. You actually said something amazing. You were like, I don't even want to be here. I'd rather be at home with my kids. And I thought that was awesome. But what I wanna know is when you're around all these incredibly successful people, people who are actually like in the Illuminati, who had the most gravity towards them, who are you drawn to? Oh, hands down, governor Newsom. Wow, I walked down. There's this in the Congress Hall. First off, I've been back to Davos in 27 years. I peaked early, like I came out of the gate strong. And then divorce, dot com implosion, great financial recession. My career went sideways for ten or 15 years, but taken me 27 years to get back to Davos. And I'm walking around. I'm like, I'm not running for office. I'm not raising money. I don't, I'm not pitching anything. Why the am I here? In my favorite moment, I walk down into the main area to Congress Hall. Gavin Newsom was walking around like, I'm the president, and everyone believed him. He had an entourage. That guy has such star power. And this was the nicest moment for me, because I'm deperate for other people's affirmation. He's walking with an entourage. He spots me in the corner of his eye and he comes over to me and he hugs me and he says, keep doing what you're doing. Governor Newsom has that star power, hands down, star power on the other side of the spectrum. I saw this old man with a pod belly walking around, desperate to find someone to talk to, and no one was interested. And it was Lindsey Graham. And that gave me a lot of joy. Did you? You know, you're incredibly successful. You're incredibly influential. But when you're at Davos, you're around like literally the people controlling the world of the most famous, powerful people on earth. Was there anything that you learned? I don't think I was able to discern differences or draw anything conclusions around these type of people. The things I walked away from Davos with is that the last time I was there, in 99, it was about e -commerce and the us brand was capitalism, consumption and Bill Clinton. Now it's about AI. Everyone was talking about AI and it's about the American brand is chaos, coercion and I don't know, compliance. I just, I find the us brand has fallen so far, so fast. I came away from Davos unsettled about how unsettled the world is right now. But I don't think I Juany. I personally and people hate this. The billionaires I know, I know about a dozen are actually really good people that Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren, like you can't be a billionaire unless you're a bad person. Well, okay, Elizabeth Warren, you're were 20 million, does that mean you're only a 50 is as bad, but you're 20 times worse than a millionaire? I don't buy the rich people are bad. I have generally found the distinctive the Epstein files, which I understand gives people the impression that once men get to this point, they feel like they're no subject to the rules. I think that's a really interesting discussion. I personally have found that billionaires are generally very high character people because the key to being really successful is to create allies along the way such that you're put in a room of opportunities when you're not physically there as well. Said you. What was the line that Newsom said? And should we all steal that line? Because I feel like that was the universal smooth guy line, just going up to somebody and say, keep doing what you're doing. How does that not apply to any situation with anybody? I'm gonna to use that everywhere. He seems so genuine. He I've been on his pod. I know he likes me. I know my works had influence on him. He's doing this big initiative around boys and Young men. But I got to be honest, it just felt great to have that sort of recognition. But Oh my God, that guy is the definition, the manifestation of riz man. I saw about, I saw him on like a basketball podcast. It was him and like two or three black dudes and he was talking about like, he like, what do they call it? Code switching? And be like talked about like growing up with like mac and cheese or something like that. And we have some wonder bread. They're like wonder bread. Yeah man. And they're that clinp went super viral of like, you know, if you hate him, you're like, he's faking the funk. If you like him, you're like, he's just being so real. You know, that's how everything goes. He's you know, he owned he owned a winery called plump Jack. He's literally wider than Ted, the Ted conference. Like that guy couldn't get any wider. He's wearing like Nautica and dockers. Just he should just lean into that. Hey, one quick thing. So Scott, as you can see, this episode has this ability to compress like ten years of wisdom into one sentence. It's almost hard to let it sink in. And so the team at HubSpot, sponsor of today's episode, actually went through all four times that he's been on our show. It took all the best stuff and put it in one place. So anything he's talked about for wealth building, for power, for life advice, is predictions, what moves markets. It's dense. It's a document. It's available now. It's totally free. If you're ambitious and you enjoy hearing Scott's thoughts, I think you'll get a lot out of it. The link is in the description below. All back to this episode. Question. Question number two. All right. This is this is a good one. You're a grown man. You've got $100 million. You've got fame, you've got family, you've got influence. What is it that you're still hungry for? That money has not been able to buy so far. I want to launch good man. I feel like I have a deficit. I think I've taken more from the country in from taxpayers and from the freedoms I've enjoyed than I've given back. So I want to get to a point of surplus value. And like my my purpose is want I want to raise good men. I want to know that when I'm towards the end that I've raised really confident, loving men. Did you always think in terms of purpose? No. I mean, let me my purpose. I had two purposes. I wanted to be really rich and really awesome so I could take care of my mom and be more attractive to strange women. That was my purpose the first 40 years of my life. And so you have this perspective flip in your 40s. You know if you're influential to a bunch of guys today, who was that for you? Like who influenced you? Just kind of changed the way you're were approaching things or shift your mindset or you know change your your approach to life. I've been really lucky. I've had a lot of male mentors in my life that have, you know they usually say one thing that really sticks with me. But the big pivot for me in my life hands down was when my got my mom got really sick and I couldn't take care of her. That just sort of changed everything for me. And that was money as a means of protecting people, not of having an awesome life. And it just sort of changed everything for me, because up until that point, my life was prom, Star Wars, getting picked up with friends. And then this happens to everybody. I don't know if it's happened to the two of you, but when someone you know and love gets really sick, or you know and loves you a great deal, gets sick and dies, it just kind of for me, it kind of changed everything, and not necessarily in a good way. I still feel like, you know, I'm a middle aged man who hasn't gotten over the death of his mother. And also, I mean, it sounds very passe, but it's the death of my mother and the birth of my boys. And it wasn't a Hallmark Channel moment when my boys were born. I'm like, I need to make more money. And it was 2008. I lost everything. And I just felt this like it wasn't Angel singing in bright lights. By the way, I don't think men should be in the delivery room. It's gross. Bring bring me the thing cleaned up with a bow in its hair while I'm smoking a cigarette. I think it's just so wken stupid that they allow men into the delivery room. But anyways, I felt shame. I'm like, I've been so successful. I've had so many blessings, and I'm near broke. And now I'm responsible for this little science experiment, but it really rattled me. Was also very motivating. So it's no one person. It was very birth and death, as they're supposed to be, have been the biggest influences on my life. That's a great answer. That's pretty awesome. Did you say you stopped worrying about making money in your 40s? We talked about this. I decided that once I got to a number from 25 to 45, maybe 48, I did nothing but work. I did nothing but work. I wasn't a good person. I wasn't going out of my way to save the whales. I wasn't investing relationships. I wasn't. I'm just like when again, going back to one, my mom got sick and I couldn't take care of her. I was so traumatized by a capitalist society that doesn't protect people who are underinsured. I'm like, the only thing I can control is how hard I work. And you can't decide to be economically secure, but you can decide how much of your own time and energy. I don't remember anything from the age of 25 to 45 other than working. There was like a couple trips to Hawaii, I think, but other than that, I don't remember anything but working. But I decided, all right, if I get to this number, and the problem is your number keeps going up. And we talked about this heading in our last poas, I said, when I hit this number, I'm done. And I'm going to do two things. Whenever I meet with my financial advisors and I do this once a year, they tell me this is your net worth. And if it's above that number, which it has been the last twelve years because has been an amazing economy, I do one of two things with the incremental number above that, I either spend it, I love to spend money. I'm great at it. I am so good at spending money. I spend money like a 50s gainster, just diagnosed with ascancer. I am living large and I love it or two. And then inning above that, I give away. And I don't do it because I'm philanthropic. I do it because it makes me feel masculine and American. And have you ever said that line before? I spend. What do you say? I spend money like a fifs gangster who just got diagnosed with ascancer. I have to know, is that a line you've ever said before or did that just now more than two or 300 times? Sean, I saved all my stuff for you. I mean, you are so best. I was on bi was on Ben Stiller's podcast, and I said that, and he was like, Oh, did you know I actually had ass cancer? I had my prostate removed. Uncomfortable pause. Uncomfortable pause. Ben's been very public. He had, he fought and beat prostate cancer anyway, did he spend money lavishly when he had it? I don't know what his approach to money is, but I think that Yeah, I think a finite nature of life or a sense of that. I get that power from my atheism. I think if you're, this is, I mean, this is a 0.1% problem, but I can't stand it. I have rich friends that don't know how to spend their money or they don't give it away. It's like, what the you doing into your life? Well, that is question number three perfectly. Didn't you said something that we thought was genius? We've talked about about times. You said America is the best place to earn money in Europe is the best place to spend money. That got us thinking about spending money. What could we learn from you? We said, what else is the best way to spend money to improve quality of your life? What have you actually found is good bang for your buck? Spend it and improves the quality of your life? Oh, we talking about a lot of money. Whatever comes to mind when I say that. Yeah, you can talk about all hands down, a private plan hands down. It lowers the bar for fun. You buy or you charter when you need it. I've owned a plane that was a ton of fun, but it's a ton of work because your pilots get divorced and there's safety checks and all this bullshit. It's like managing a small business charter is difficult because you end up comparing the prices and it's a lot of work hands down. Fractional is the way to go because you essentially can arbitrage scale up or down based on the mission. If it's just you flying somewhere, you don't want to belch how much shit into the air. So you go a smaller plane. If you're taking two families to India, which I'm doing, you get a big plane and you don't. You basically just text them. It's about, I spend about one and a half or $2 million a year. But a friend of mine from high school, I really like Mormon kid getting married in a weird place. I'm gone. Why? Because I have a private plane. I figured it out. I can spend another 17 days a year either with my family or doing something fun because I'm not going to. I'm not connecting through you know, through Dallas Fort at worth and getting delayed. I'm also a bit of a nervous flyer, but Yeah, I mean, I hate to say, take my house, don't take my plane. Is there anything that your billionaire buddies spend on that you think is stupid and not worth it? Art and wine. Art is I'm trying to buy culture. I've been a boring douche bag my whole life. So all of a sudden I'm gonna to start overspending on art and it makes me interesting. No, it doesn't. You're still the same douchebag. What about something that was, that's a good way to spend that's below the pj like threshold. Oh, travel. If you have kids, just go, you know, take them to elephant camp in Bangkok. I go on safari. What age did you start traveling with your kids? I've got a two year old and in in a three month old and I'm looking forward to traveling. A three month old is actually easier to travel than a two year old. Zero to three is off old. It gets better. You're no use. Your job is to be supportive of your wife and make money. That's it. You add no value, you'll pretend to like it. You'll come on podcaand say, Oh, I love it. She did the cute as it's awful. And keep them away from a large body of water. That's your entire job right now. And then at about age three, they become less awful. And then about from like four to 14 is the golden decade. I'll do everything. I mean, again, these are incredible stories of privilege. But even if you don't have money, take your kid. Of the best week I've had in probably the last three years. I did a college tour with my son. We planned it out together using AI. Should we go to Indiana? Should we go to Wash U? Should we go to Michigan State? What if we go to if we go to Michigan, can we see a football game? If we go to unc, can we see a basketball game? I mean, we did nine schools in nine days, and it was just, it was just amazing. And but take time with your partner, take them somewhere cool in a may spend. There's a ton of research on this. People overestimate the amount of happiness theyget from things, and they underestimate the amount of happiness theyget from experiences in sudrive a Hyundai and take your husband to Africa. That's awesome. You had a pretty bold thought last time that you were on. I think you said something Layou predicted that America's decade, the next decade for America, is going to be flat in terms of economic growth. And I think you also said for index funds. Do you still believe that to be, Yeah, I'm selling down my American stocks mostly because I'm diversifying, because I don't wanto lose. I've lost all. I've been rithree times with trains. I've lost it twice. I can't go back. I'm not. You guys are yarand have good hair. I'm another neither of those things. I can't make it back again. So I'm diversifying. And if you just look at the cycle of American markets to the global markets, typically the us outperforms for eight years, then emerging markets outperformed for eight years. It goes back and forth. We've been outperforming emerging markets for 17 years. I still believe the markets are cyclical. The Buffett index, stock market evaluation versus GDP, he likes it at about 90%. It's a 210%. The S&P is trading at historic highs 97% of the time. The S&P has traded at lower valuations relative to earnings. So it's not a criticism of America. I just think America America is an asset at the rest of the world is an asset. There's America is an asset. Everything, every public company in America, every public company outside of America, they're equally priced right now. They're both you can own every public company in America for 100 bucks or you can own every public company outside of America for 100 bucks. What do you think is the better value right now? I mean, it's a leading question, but I would have always assumed America Oh, see, I think if you take, okay, every public company in China, you Europe, Latin America, you think is worth less than the public companies in America. I think I think like I think that when you look at the S P, I think that the big American companies to me aren't American companies. They all their international company. That's fair. That's fair. That's so like apple's out tin American company. It has its major office in Cupertino, but I don't think of it as an American company at this point. That's I think that's a thoughtful response. Yeah. I think America is too expensive right now. I think Europe's on sale. And by virtue of the fact that I am an American and basically the majority of my advertisers, I'm always going to be very invest in America, goes on a bunch of real estate in America. And my company is largely driven by American human capital and American advertisers. So what I'm trying to do is I think the most powerful word I didn't learn until I was in my fors was diversification. I just think America is expensive right now. It's not even a statement on the judgment on America, American companies. I just think America is overvalued right now. Do you want to hear some of the other predictions that you made in our podcast? And we went and looked if they were right or wrong. You said apple was overvalued. I think we did this podcast eight months ago. You said apple was overvalued. You were right. I think the stock went down since then. You said that we what did you say? You said that the glp one s were going to be bigger than GPT -4. I believe you were right there. I think the glp one market cap, I think there's like a glp one index I think has grown faster than chagpt open enai's evaluation. You said mRNA stocks are going to decline and I think you got that correct big time. But don't us off 90%. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah Yeah, it's down. And then you also said that, but here's this interesting one. You said that food you thought that food stocks because of glp ones were gonna be down and McDonald's is not down, I think. But I think you like made a prediction that you thought that gllp ones would be so big that McDonald's were gonna to go down. I think gop one is a more transformative technology than AI. I've said this for a couple years. So Sean, we were talking about micdosing. Yeah or whatever it is. I'm gonna assume you are micdosing glp one drugs. Let me ask you what's had a bigger impact on your life? Glp one drugs or AI? I don't micrwhat. What do you mean? I don't. Micro gp one, I can't. Oh, I just assumed since I've seen you, you're fit and trim, which I assumed means drabogovy, but we'll go with the notion you just get, you just gather new. Sure. You just and by the way, assuto me, by the way, I don't take ed drugs. Just, you know, I don't, I absolutely, I don't know what you're talking about. I don't, I don't take, I don't take viagra before it's go time every fourth Sunday during the summer solstice when my partner agrees to have sex with me. I absolutely don't take viagra. Anyways, let me ask you this then. More broadly, if someone is on a glp one and they're using AI all the time, what do you think has a bigger impact on their life? For sure. The gllp one, that fastest way to deficit reduction. If I could be present for a day or king for a day and at a magic lawn, mandatory national service. Let me say that right now, dollar, 25 an hour, minimum wage. But the third thing I would do, I would put out the mother of all rfps, de Nova, Nordisk, Eli, Lily, and say, I need a billion doses of glp ones. And then I would distribute it for free to every rural household in America. And I would take healcare cost from 13000 to $6500. And boom, we have a deficit solved. Glp one is the most transformative technology of the last 20 or 30 years. It's the biggest thing since gps is the way I see that is a wild take. That's what we were gonna to actually ask you. If you were in charge for a certain amount of time and you could wave a magic wand, what would you do? And you just answered that question. That's I never, it's very interesting. I never in a million years thought you were gonna to say that. Do you feel like the, do you feel like the data is out on you know the either long term effects, the downsides of it? Or are you saying doesn't really matter, the upside is so big that we can we can figure out how to mitigate the downsides? Oh, I mean, I'm not a scientist. We might find out that 30 years down the road, people are getting pancreatic cancer. But generally speaking, president Galloway, you just ordered a billion doses. Generally speaking, there's no free lunch, right? Generally speaking, whenever the aids cocktail was worth it, but it ended up giving giving people around it cholesterol problems, chemotherapy is amazing. You do enough of it. You're gonna to get leukemia in 20 or 30 years. There's just no, there's no free lunch. I'm a much better version of me, a little cui love alcohol. I've got more out of it that's gone out of me. There's definitely not a free lunch on alcohol. So far, everything we keep learning about gllp one is that, Oh, it's even better than we thought. It might make you live longer. It might delay cognitive decline. It's opmy gambling addiction, horn addiction. They're people are biting their nails less. Have you taken it? No, I'm my micrdose it. At some point I'll be the giddy pihere I had drinking and drug issues. And I've been sober for a long time. You came on here, you came on the podcast like what, four years ago? 20, I think at 21, Yeah, basically years ago, he told me about something he read in a reddit for, and he injected into his body. This was before the trend. And he's like, this thing is amazing. He's like, I'm losing weight. He's like, but I also, I don't have any cravings. You told me, you said on the podcast, you go, I think this is gonna to cure alcohol. What technology tells you to stop eating ice cream and eat more kale? Well, okay, so I've been sober for twelve years or so, but when I took it five years ago, I was like, you know, what's crazy is I watby a brewery the other day. Sometimes when I walk by breweries and I smell like hops, because every smell it in the middle of the day, I'm like, Oh, that's amazing. I wish I was there. I remember smelling it. And I was like, I don't like, wish I would. I don't want to go there and like, drink this stuff, ed. And then I remember eating like a scoop of ice cream or just a bite of ice cream. And I was like, that was lovely. I don't want it anymore done. And then I also bit my nails slice. It was a magical drug. It was a very magical drug. And people like me, I'm a fairly fit person. I don't know if it's entirely, it's not necessary for people like me, but if you're obese, I think it's it's really amazing. But Yeah and I now micrdose it every once in a while because I just think it's interesting and there's always like new varieties. You know it's like getting in the latest and greatest car. There's all these like new varieties that are just like wild. It is pretty amazing. I think metformis really interesting too. But there's a bunch of these drugs, man, they are pretty crazy. I think it's, I'd give that out. I really enjoy this president thing. I would eliminate capital gains and mortgage interest rate deduction. I need to correct myself. We said, dictator, your dictator. Oh, better, much better. So, so, dictorship, if you have a benign, the best friend countries in the world, are you Singapore? It's a benign dictator. Like if you get a good, good dictator, that's absolutely the way to go. You could argue that China, in a lot of ways, I mean, we hate anything that's not Democratic. I get it. The Uyghurs, a lot of people describe she as a murderous autocrat. The life expectancy 40 years ago in China was 47. It's now 77. They brought 500 million people out of poverty into the middle class that you could argue that China has pulled off something so incredible. Anyways, I would do get rid of capital gains tax deduction, Minterest rate. Who owns homes and stocks? People my age, Young people. You get rid of capital gains. You're, you're you're a complex person, man. You don't fall into one category. Why would you do that? Because every fiscal policy we've made over the last 50 years is to transfer money from people ari's age to people my age. We have, slowly but surely, old people have figured out a way to vote themselves more money. And the average 70 year old is 72% wealthier than they were 40 years ago. And the average 25 year old is 42% less wealthy. And what do you know? Young people aren't having kids and are fed up with America. We are constantly over investing in seniors. But how does that tie to the capital gains? Because don't older people own the assets that would benefit from no capital gains tax? No, no, no. What I'm sorry. What I mean is they pay current income. They don't get a tax deduction. There should be one. It should be Reagan. There should be one income tax rate for all income you make. And by the way, anyone under the age of 30, like Portugal, should have a tax holiday for the first 100, zero dollars. We desperately need to level up Young people who don't like America and have mandatory national service such that they start meeting other great Americans. That's the tech holiday is a great idea. We need to level up. I mean, it's pretty simple. We need to put more money in the pockets of Young people and stop transferring $1.2 trillion from Young people to the wealthiest generation in the history of planet old people. Old people are basically raping our economy for the last 30 or 40 years. It needs to stop. Okay. And what do you know? Our Washington, dc is across between the Golden Girls in the land of the dead. And they keep voting themselves more money. $40 billion child tax credit that would benefit Young families stripped out of the infrastructure bill. But the $120 billion cost of living adjustment for social security flies right through enough already. So you haven't really thought about that question never before. But governor Newsom likes me. You're talking about things that me and Sam don't know about. So we're going to shift it to things we understand. Okay. So you've talked about question five is you've talked about how there's this male loneliness epidemic. And you've talked about like policy changes or self motivated and high agency changes that the individual can make. What's the business opportunity around the sort of Young lost male epidemic? It's a really helpful question. The first thing that comes to mind is third place, I think you're going to see you're already seeing a massive uptick. And unfortunately, it manifests itself because there's a monopoly ticket master in ticket prices to go see Taylor Swift or you know whoever it is. But I think third places, I think we need more bars. I think we need more sports leagues. I think we need you know pushack wave garden top golf. I think we should provide subsidies to third places. I also think we need to unlock, I think, developers in the us. I think you're going to see a huge countercyclical movement against nimby laws, and that the government will probably come out with subsidies. Rent control makes no sense. That just makes housing more expensive because you limit supply. We need instead of drill, baby, drill should be build. Baby bili think that development companies are going to get sponsored subsidies to encourage them to build more, and we're going to start doing away with nimby law, such what they've done in Minneapolis, what they've done in Austin. But housing has gotten way too expensive for Young people for the entrance. And I think that being fewer invin developers right now or great third places where people meet, I think that's a way to make money. Unfortunately, I hate to say it, the guys who are gonna to clean up here are the guys tapping into Young men's horse instincts. You're going to see the speculation. Markets boom. Gaming is out of control. Because if you're a 19 year old dude in a French class at Cal State Northridge, itjust be more fun to bet on whether the next pitch is gonna to be 90 miles an hour or greater. The most profitable companies are gonna to be the ones tapping into an immature prefrontal cortex of an American male. So unfortunately, the way to make money off the loneliness epidemic is probably meta because they're exploiting it in terms of how to solve it. I think that's more public policy. I'd like to think there's a great way to make money doing it. But unfortunately, all the profit incentives around making Young men lonelier and lonelier, didn't you used to own like a social club in New York? Did I remember that? Correct. Now I'm a member of all of them. I go to all of them. I'm, my general investment philosophy is the following. The sewhere it is. I want to join. I won't get near it with a check. A friend of mine is opening a members club in downtown Manhattan for musicians and artists. Sounds amazing. I went great. Opening party people. I need to be the oldest, least attractive person wherever I am. Then I know I'm at the right place. And this was that. So I join, I'll join it. He asked me to be an investlike. No way. No way. Another friend of mine is starting a SaaS platform for healthcare maintenance scheduling, working there. Sounds like I want to put a gun in my mouth. Take my money. The more boring and less sexy an investment is, that's where you invest the other shit you consume, but you don't invest in it. Your return on your investor capital is inversely correlated to how sexy and coolant industry sounds. But your big career win was l two, which, you know, that's I started watching you years and years ago, and l two because you would do no mernormmalthese amazing YouTube videos. I think I never to be honest, I never understood exactly what l two was. I didn't know if it was like a consultancy or software, but it was basically helping brands look at different data to decide where they rank and what they need to do to improve. But you made that. I mean, that on paper does not sound exciting. You made it pretty sexy and cool. I loved watching your YouTube videos. That was pretty awesome. You're being generous. It was digital benchmarking where we used software and scraping tools to aggregate 1000 hundred data points on a brand and then we compare them to their peers. Make a be mean. We get my knees just to saying that, Oh Yeah, because you like money, but Yeah that and then recurring revenue model. We ultimately ended up selling for eight times revenues. When I was doing strategy consulting, which sounded much cooler, I would charge William nomer or Levi's half a million bucks to do their Internet strategy and then like two thirds of the way through the engagement, come up with new problems that only I could solve. So they would pay me more. But the recurring revenue, international benchmarking, you know, digital, you know, I think it sounds cool. I like that stuff, but I want na be quarterback of the jets. That sounded much cooler to me when I was in high school. I didn't think I'd be in digital benchmarking. So our analytics, but Yeah, the less sexy in industry, the greater the return on your human and financial capital. So I live in San Francisco, and in the last four years, the most sexy thing to be investing in is AI. And my biggest investment has been put millions and millions of dollars into retail shopping centers, which if you walk around San Francisco, anybody here will tell you that's dead. What are you talking about? People don't go to brick and mortar stores anymore. I think that's not going to be a great investment, but it's been phenomenal. Like I think investment, I'm basically compounding like 44% a year, and I get the tax benefits. Its of real estate and it's passive and I don't like and it's like retail, which everyone thinks is dead. There's I think less than 4% vacancy rates like nationally, Simon properties nonobody builds anymore. It's a supply constraint. And so you know my investor updates are not about AI, it's about how Burlington Co. Factory signed you extended their tenure lease, how we just put in a home goods or you know like into these centers and it's been the least sexy but the most profitable investment I made. All of my venture investing is giving me zero cash flow and you know sort of zero returns because it's this ten year arc, whereas boring shopping centers has crushed it for me. Yeah. I mean, there's some nuance there because I think the tier two models were struggling, but the Yeah and some were in violent agreement. Well, actually, one of the things you said about third place has actually shown up to so the one thing that died was like Macy's or like you know a bunch of bankruptcies for Joannes and things like that. Yeah, but they all get replaced with experiential things. So it's trampoline parks, it's top ball fits, things like that that are experiences that people want to go do. And so you're seeing anybody who understood that can look at a center that has vacancy or a tenant on the way out, but you can there's tons of demand for these experiential things to fill them up. Today's episode is brought to you by HubSpot. Did you know that most businesses only use 20% of their data? That's like reading a book, but then tearing out four fifths of the pages. Point is, you miss a lot. And unless you're using HubSpot, the customer platform that gives you access to the data you need to grow your business, the insights that are trapped in emails, call logs, transcripts, all that unstructured data makes all the difference because when you know more, you grow more. And so if you want na read the whole book instead of just reading part of it, visit HubSpot com. You've you've talked a lot about marriage, and this is our next question. But you've said you talk about how important it is both financially and emotionally to marry the right person. So if we were gonna to do the inversion of that, what would you say is the best and easiest way to marry the wrong person? Really thoughtful question. When I was a Young man and I was trying to find romantic or sexual partners, I was constantly trying to figure out, what person do I need to be that will get them to like me? I was trying to constantly figure it out. Do I need to act indifferent? Like I don't care. Like I was just, I wasn't me establishing a relationship with this person or on a day with this person. It was my representative who tried to figure out what I thought this person would want for me, or specifically how I could convince this person to have sex with me. And what you realize is the person you want to end up with is the person where you get to be you. And they like you despite the real you like and the best relationships I've ever had are people that like, I can be me around, and they just really like me. For me, I look back on sources of confidence. My first serious relationship with a woman, nammelania Kegan, and I was crazy about her, and she was crazy about me. And I think that confidence of someone who actually knows you and you can be honest with and call, and who sees your insecurities and, you know, and still really is into you, I just think I, if I could wish anything on a Young person, it would be the opportunity to be who you are around somebody and find out that people, there are people out there who will love you for that. I just think that I didn't figure that out. I was constantly trying to put on a mask of who I thought would be the most attracted or interested in me, and bragging and boasting, and and also, I think the ultimate weapon, the ultimate aphrodisia for Young men to give to women is this strange thing called follow up questions. For me, it was always controlled boasting. And to actually just take an interest in someone's life and notice them, I found, was really powerful. Later in my life. I would also recommend probably being very careful about getting married Young. I think you're a different person at 32 than you were at a 22. I would always suggest living together first to see what it's like to have that kind of roommate. I think you need to get alignment around money. I've been the best man of Four Weddings, and I get the same toast every time. And it's a sincere toast. There are three things to assibeing a successful husband. The first is, put the scorecard away. Decide what kind of husband's, son, friend, partner, investor you want to be. Hold yourself to that standard. Don't keep score. I've kept scoring my whole life with relationships. It's been a disaster for me, because you will naturally inflate your own contribution and minimize theirs, and you always feel unhappy. Decide the kind of person you want to be. Hold yourself to that standard. Two, always express physical and sexual desire. Sex says an affection, whether it's holding a hand or fooling around with your partner in the bathroom at a party. It says, I choose you. I want you. I think women want to be wanted. And I just think that animal instinct, expressing desire is super important in a partnership. And I think it's a wonderful thing. I think we're physical beings. And the third thing is never, ever let a woman be cold or hungry. Pashminas and power bars wherever you are. You are just so full of sound bites. Like the best aphrodisic to give a woman is a follow up question. When we asked when I when we just asked you that when I asked you that I the way that you got silent and we're slow to answer. I was like, nice. He's never talked about it this way. Where get something totally fresh. But then you like say these phrases where I'm like, how on earth do you come up with this stuff? It's really, it's really, really good. And I were talking about Eddie Murphy, and he was like, I'm a good comedian because I'm sensitive. I'm very sensitive to details, and I see things that maybe other people don't see, and I just notice things and I am able to talk about them. And it makes everyone laugh because it's something that they all notice, but they're not exactly sure that they're sensitive enough. Really common on it. What allows you, do you think, to come up with these interesting observations? Is it being sensitive? What is it? It's mostly ip theft. I get most of my ideas from other people, and I'll pause when I see something really interesting or that kind of moves me, and I'll repeat it a bunch of times and trying and apply it. So how to remember it? I've just found this thing. I forgot who even said it, but it really moved me. And it was that everything does not demand your judgment. You're entitled to not have opinions on things. And it, I just paused and I thought about it over and over and over, and I've used that line a bunch of times because I was fallinto this trap of Dunning Kruger. I thought, okay, because I have some insight around a couple things that everyone demands to deserve and wants my opinion on everything. And I do all these hot dtakes on the podcasts and videos, and you know, it's like the Epstein piles come out and I'm like, all right, how do I wrap my hands around that? And I'm like, you know what? Maybe the world isn't dying to hear from me about the Epstein fililes. Maybe the world isn't dying to hear about my views on Iran, although I have a lot of views on Iran. It's like, okay, it's okay to occasionally sit back and just shut the up. Anyways, my point is, if I see something that I find really insightful and interesting, I stop. I read it a bunch of times to trying and apply, and I tried to cement it into my gry manner. So I don't think I'm that insightful. I think I'm good at identifying thoughtful ideas, and I try to reference where I got the idea from. But there's so much amazing material out there, it seems like you pay attention to what resonates better than most, what resonates with yourself. I think that's kind of like the Eddie Murphy sensitivity idea also, but it does seem like there has to be either an incredible knack for just nailing it, you know putting the words around it right away, or an intentional effort to kind of punch things up. I guess, like how do you arrive at the the kill shot that you have at the end, right? You've said ten of them on this podcast already. And you know in some ways, we're asking stepcurry to tell us how to shoot a jump shot. But like do you do anything that you think the average person doesn't do to be better at that? Well, first off, you're being generous. I got it wrong a lot. I'm not saying you're right. I'm saying you're lyrical. I'm saying you're very persuasive. I saying really stupid things all the time. And and you know in my comment section will remind me of that all the time. I get it wrong a lot. I don't know if it's 49 or 50. It's two things. I don't know if it's 49 or 51% genetic. My father was really a gifted storyteller, and he was a salesman. He had a Scottish accent and a big, strong dry line. And I just noticed from the age of eight that people would create a semicircle around him just to listen to him. He just had, he was just an amazing storyteller. And a lot of my ability to communicate, it's not my fault. And then you may have a great swing, naturally, but if you don't take lessons every day and play four hours golf, you're not gonna to be targer woods. And I'm not at that same level, but I'm like a guy who just got his, you know, amateur program m card. I get to speak for 22 years. I speak in front of 160 students paying $180000 per class to listen to me talk about something. I'm on podcast every day. I write several thousand words a week about a concept and really trying and understand it. I have a group of analysts who find data. So I'm practicing golf four hours a day. There's no, Michael Phelps is in the pool six hours a day from the age of five. You have to. And by the way, he has naturally huge webbed feet that are not his fault, right? I think if there's one secret sauce to communicating is that if you can write well, you're gonna to be a decent communicator. And I've got to see an English in high school, but I've never stopped writing. So again, it's some genetics, some hard work, some practice. Can you actually tell us, when do you find time? Because I'm so galery com, no mercy, no malis, the blog which I read, I love. And so you just wrote up two blog posts this week or in the past two weeks, actually, what's what's the total volume? So it's like two newsletters a week. It's how many podcasts, how many extra YouTube videos, you know, like what's the total volume of your outputting in a week? I write a book every 18 months, okay? I do seven podcasts a week. I put out a newsletter every week, seven recordings a week, seven recordings a week across different podcasts. I do two to three media hits, either radio or television a week. And I try not to work more than 30 or 40 hours. And storytelling is my core competence. But my superpowers, I've always been able to attract and retain really good people. People think, people come up to me and say, I'm so impressed with your content. I love your graphs and your doodles. They think it's me. They think it's me. In my kitchen with a camcorder and Doelling on an napkin, I have 28 people of promedia. Yeah I have some talent that the key between a practice and an enterprise that creates real money is to find outstanding people and get and get them to leverage your time and your talent. But are you sitting down and actually writing this, these 1000 or 2000 words? And then they're gonna to take that and help you turn it into more stuff. On Monday mornings, we do eto trial team with all the producers, all the data analysts, all the podcast hosts. And I have several writers, and we go through stories. So Epstein fit's biggest story. I'm like, do we have anything original to say here? What's the angle? No, we don't have an angle here. Then I'm honinterested in talking about it. Oh, let's write about the power of national or economic strikes, why it's so powerful and that the Trump administration only listens to markets, doesn't lose to the in a protest citizen. That's an interesting angle. All right, you're writing the newsletter this week. You draft these paragraphs. I'll draft these three paragraphs. I'll edit it Thursday night. We need, Oh, we have Josh Shapiro coming on the podcast tomorrow. What are the questions? We just go through all the different stories and content, and then we try and come up with original things, and then we start producing the content. And then when it's good, we have great editors. We snake it through our channels. It might be the newsletter, it might be our Instagram post, it might be our LinkedIn. It might be if I really like something, I'm like, okay, that's going to be chapter seven of a book called project 2028, which is my next book, which is a response to project 2025, or of a progressive like policy book. But we do an editorial meeting and people get to work. They pitch stories. They pitch me on all these stories, and I say, what's the angle here? What's the date or the insight we're bringing to the story? And if you can't answer that question, I'm like, well, let's cnbc or cnn cover it. What about your solo creative time? So you know Disney would wake up and doodle. Sure. Seinfelwakes up, goes to the kitchen table and writes jokes for two hours. It's you know the solitude part where you're gonna have your original ideas outside of the team. Yeah I generally go to sleep around two or 3:00a.m.and I sleep till about ten. And my creative time is usually my best hours are between 11:00p.m.and 2:00a.m.with the dogs. Everyone's asleep. I feel at peace. I know my boys are safe. I turn on my fireplace. Sometimes I have a drink, sometimes I have edible. And my dogs are with me. And I do some surfing online. I think about something that's inspired me, and I'll either go downstairs and do a video in a fur coat, or I'll start writing. And then the next morning I look at it and go, this is shit where I go, Oh, this is pretty good. And I start pinging it around and I say, okay, add some data here get I'll send it to our illustration people and say start thinking about charts for this. We're gonna na put it out in newsletter form or as a video. But I'm constantly thinking about him producing data, but my flow state is really really late at night. Are you doing any company running like any administrative or any managing less and less? I used to do that a lot. You know, like you, Sam, I've run and built companies. Now I have the luxury of doing what I want na do. And what I wanna do is create content. And I have outstanding people, Katherine, Dylan, and a woman named Claude jokis, just who's been working for a very long time. Catherine's been my partner for 15 years. They run the business, occasionally theybring me into to try and close someone we're hiring. I get on the phone. I see the ance. I love numbers. I see the financials almost every week. And I think I can spot weakness and strength from the analytics and the numbers. But for the most part, I want out of the business. I love running business, except for the clients and the employees. I have other people managing everything almost, and they're really talented and I pay them really well. And I can focus on doing what I love, which is creating content and and saying provocative, interesting things and trying to have you know trying to matter, if you will. But I'm out of the business of running businesses. I'm done. I am done. Were you good, boss? I think I was just okay. I was good in the sense that I think I created economic security for a lot of people. I was raised in a generation in San Francisco, where Steve Jobs is our mentor. And there was this terrible gestalt that infected a bunch of Young tech executives, including myself, that if you were talented and nice, you were talented. If you were talented in an asshole, you were Steve Jobs and you were a genius. And so I wasn't nearly as kind. I was never mean to people, but I wasn't nearly as kind as I should have been. And what happens when you get older is you realize you have this capital. Sometimes it's just financial capital. You can pay people well. But if you're a senior level exach and someone they respect, grabbing someone and sending them puthem into a room or sending them neesomething, you were outstanding here. I'm so impressed with you. It changes their life for a day. And I never did that shit. And now I do it all the time. I'm trying to catch up. But I also, on the negative side, occasionally say would say something stupid in a meeting, and rather than taking them aside and saying that makes no sense, I would say in the meeting, that makes no sense and the person would be humiliated. That was not I'm not proud of that. That was not a kind thing to do. But I thought that's leadership. I could have been so much kinder. So I am now I try to be really thoughtful and proactive, and I hear about someone getting divorced, and I just called him and say, I'm giving you money. I, A friend of mine who's fairly famous, get arrested a few days ago in Minneapolis, and I'm like, just send me your bank details. Everyone needs money when they get arrested. Like, don't talk about it. Don't there's something I've learned. Don't ask people if they need help, help them. Don't ask. No one wants to say, Yeah, I need help. You're more powerful than me and I stop and you're on top. I need your help. Don't ask people if they need help, help them. I think the fun part about talking with you is like this. Okay, so this podcast, we start out as like incredibly ambitious, like like get after it type of like guys in San Francisco, incredibly insecure guys who thought success would solve the problem. Yeah, but we, it's really fun talking to you because I think that like you have to remind yourself on a consistent basis that the reason why this whole entrepreneurship thing is kind of cool is because you could help others. You could put your debt in their earth and all that stuff, but you could do it your way. You know the best part about this podcast, and we've done nearly 800 episodes. We've talked we've talked to so many people, and we could show you examples of someone who has broken every single rule or followed every single rule, and they've still gotten to the end state, the end goal. And the cool thing about business is there's just you, you you can do it anyway. And it's really cool to hear you explain the ways that you do things, which is very unconventional, super, not common. And you are achieving the desired goal, which is to build a great company, to treat people well and to have a good life. When you go into your fifties, this weird thing happens, and it's really awful. Your friends start dying. There's these genetic time bombs that go off. In the last few years, I've had a friend die from a nerve disorder, leukemia and pancreatic cancer, who just should not have died. There's a picture of eight of us from the fraternity at ucla. You Cloto our posour closest friends. Three of us are dead. And if you had ranked, all of us, including some of us would become obese, some of us who were too stressed out, these would have been the guys who would be least likely to die. And so all of a sudden, you just start thinking about, okay, what's important to me? And if you're blessed with economic security, you immediately move to like, all right, money is a means, but it's not the ends. And it is very hard to start behaving that way. I just put a Jackson Hole because I got offered $200000 to speak what? And I said, yes, I can't help if someone offers me four times or five times my mother's annual salary when she was a secretary. I can't help. But I go. And it took me away from my boys for three days. By the way, it's not easy to get from London to Jackson Hole, just, you know, and for a one hour speech to these masters of the universe. And I'm like, why am I got there? And I'm like, why am I here? I mismy my kid had one line singing and his thing, I'm like, I should be at that. I'm not there. And so you realize as you get older, like if you're blessed with some level of economic security, do it with your friends, do shit on your own. But one of my role models is this guy named Barry Rosenson and famous hedge fund manager. And I asked, I can't from me. I was asking him about wealth. Like once you get to a point of economic security, he said, the hard part is, and the lesson here is the following, when you get to economic security, there's three buckets in your life. There's things you have to do. You said, Scott, if my biggest investbasis in town, I have to have dinner with them. There's things you want to do. I want to go on college tour with my my oldest. I want to do that. And then there's things you should do. The real power of economic security is to, like, eliminate the should bucket. There's things you want to do. There's things you have to do. Get rid of the should. And what I realized is, like half the things I was doing in my life with a should bucket, I've been invited to Davos. Well, I absolutely should go. I'm a Davos. I'm like, why am I here? Why am I here? Well, whyyou go whyyou go to jacksonal whyyou go that because I'm still insecure and think that if I get invited back to Davos, that I will be enough, that finally I will fill the hole that can't seem to be filled here. It sounds like Gavin did fill the hole, though. Well, okay, it was fine, but I shouldn't. There's no reason for me to go to Davos. There's literally no reason. I mean, great. A fimonth m from governor Newsom is fantastic, but I get invited to everything that sounds obnoxious, but it's go to the sexy shit. Can lions hotel de cab basshit sexy, go to south by southwest, TexMex food. All these podcasters. Weird after pradashit sexy. Davos has the sex appeal of a Marriott lobby. It is that it just couldn't be any more non sexy anyways, it's liberating to go. Do I need to go to this seminar because there's going to be a lot of powerful people there. Do I need to accept a speaking gig because it's a lot of money? No, you don't need to. So so you've talked about economic security, and he said that term a bunch of times. If somebody dy's listened to this and there go, what numbers does that take? And it's obviously, you know, somewhat different for everybody. But walk walk the listener through, what is economic security? How should they think about that? Because I know guys whogot a lot who still need more. I know people who don't have much that should probably fight a little harder to get a little bit more because theyhave more free time. Give me the milestones of the benchmarks and ideally with numbers that you could think of. Sure, the numbers easy. Take your, take your burn. Take what you think you need every year to be happy. For some people, that's 60 zero a year. My dad with social security needed like another ten or 20 grand a year to live the way he wanted to live. Some people need a million bucks a year and then times it by 25. Assume a post tax return of 4%. And once you have 25 times the burn you think you'll need, you can start eliminating the shibucket. And does that change over time? Because you know, your burn at the time when you probably first got secure was different than now. If you're 3 million a year, I've been very open about this. I think not talking about your money is an attempt to keep middle and lower income homes down. Rich people talk about money to each other all the time. I spend three to $400000a month. So if you take that at 5 million times, 25, I need 125 million to be economically secure. And by the way, when I was younger, I thought, if I ever have a million dollars, I'm done. I used to think, like in my twenties, if I could ever save a million dollars, I'm done. I'm going na start writing scripts for Tom Cruise films and just do whatever I want. And then as you get older, you realize how expensive kids are, how expensive it is to live in New York, how expensive it is to take care of your parents and your taste and your Greek glands begin to grow, right? You're like, I could never imagine you know, owning multiple homes. Pretty soon you can. I live in Manhattan. And it's just crazy seeing how people live. Man, there's people, you could earn $3 million a year. This this is gonna to be a clip that someone's gonna to mock me for. But let me just say, you could make two to $3 million a year and seriously, with a family and live paycheck to paycheck. Like it's crazy how much how much money people spend to live here. I know people who will spend 100000a month and they tell me they don't feel rich. It's pretty wild. No, you're exactly right. No one feels sorry for you. But if you I lived in Manhattan, and in 2:10, I was just starting to get speaking gigs. I was just starting to get sort of real money from being a professor. My partner was working at Goldman. I think we were making seven or 800 grand a year. That felt like a lot of money to me. We couldn't afford to live in Manhattan. We had just had two kids. Granted, we didn't need to send our kids to private school, but we were going to, we were renting. Our rent was $14000a month. We needed a three bedroom because we had a living in, because she worked, and so did I. We had no money. You know, it's not your birthright to live in Manhattan. So what we did was, and the thing that sent us over the edge was my kid applied to seven schools at the age of four and got rejected from all seven because he was speech delayed. By the way, historians. Well, he just got into uva early decision, so things worked out for him. But when he couldn't speak at the age of four, all seven schools we applied to said no. So when schools that you're going to pay $58000 to for the kid to play with blocks decide they don't want your son, I'm like, that's said, we're out of here. I moved to Florida back when it was inexpensive in 2:10. And I'm not exaggerating. I said I cut my burn by probably 50%. I rented a place on the incoastal for $5000a month instead of paying 14. The school was 14000 instead of 58, and we were very disciplined. We took all of our savings, including the 13% of top line in tax savings, and we invested in the market. And kind of the rest is history. It's fine to be ambitious. I find Young people don't want to have an honest conversation around what's required to live, the lifestyle they want to live, where they want to live it. And people are really there's a lot of really happy people living in a suburb of Saint Louis who join a country club, coach Little League and make 100 grand a year. You know, their husband is a nurse, maybe they work part time. He works part time at a nonprofit. There's a lot of different ways to be happy. But be clear, if you want to live in Manhattan or la or San Francisco or even now, Miami, and have a fabulous lifestyle, you're going to have to make a shit ton of money, which means you're going to have to work all the time unless you're smart enough to have rich parents. And what I find with Young people is they don't have an honest conversation around their burn and the sacrifice required to get there. All right, let's take a quick break, because I got tttell you a story. Let me tell you that the first time I tried to run payroll for my team, I was using a traditional bank. And you know the type, it's got a janky interface. It's built like a 2002 tax form, and it was open only during business hours. And I hit send in a froze. They flagged the transaction, they locked my account, they put me on hold for 45 minutes, and then they told me I got to visit my local branch. And that was the day I started looking for a new bansolution. After asking a few founders what they were using, I found out about mercury. And so now my payroll is two clicks. I can wire money, I can pay invoices, I can reimburse the team, all from one clean dashboard. That's why I use it for all of my companies. And so do 200000 other startup founders. And so if you're looking to level up your banking, head to mercury dot com and apply in minutes. Mercury is a financial technology company, not a bank bank. The services are provided through choice financial group, call them man a, and evolve bank trust, members fdic. Okay, we can finish with this. So you've you've got sons, and that's why I almost want to think about like what you would tell your sons. So I want na know what advice you believe to be. But a part of you hesitates to say it publicly because it might sound harsh or unfair and people won't like it. I have a lot of those. Yeah you kind of made your profession off this, but I think for most people it's a pretty tough question. Drink more, go out. Drink more. Make a series of bad decisions on might payoff. When you're in the company of women, you pay for everything always. No woman is ever gonna to kiss you. If who splits the check with you? All mammals have a mating process. The downside of sex is much greater for a woman. Her fertility window is much shorter. Men benefit more from relationships. The asymmetry and advantage of going on a day with a woman, one way you restore that asymmetry and demonstrate valor is to pay with absolutely no expectation. It's just it's just a given. And my kids are like, dad, you're so boomer. And I'm like, just be clear, no one's ever gonna kiss you who you don't pay for. Is that what you said to the woman on your first date when she's like, Oh no, let's split it and you're like, listen, I think that is something that tick talkers talk about. I've never seen a woman grab for a check. And I know that sounds sexist. I've just, I've never, I've never in my life had a woman pay for every anything. And I know that I like to pay before I get there. So it's not awkward with like nine pages and I can't read the that's a tip that's says baller move. Just just we're done. There's no expectation. I'm not a John, you're not a prostitute, but I appreciate your time. I am hoping at some point to have sex with you. So I want to demonstrate strength and that I can take care of your kids. Versus a guy wearing a casuo watch who talks about sending you a Venmo request. I don't care what anyone says. One way you demonstrate valor and masculinity. If you can't pay, I hate it. Immense split checks. Dude, man, the up. You get this one, I get the next one. You don't split checks. You're going to make some waiter go back and figure out how to split the check and who's going to give them 14 or 17%. I've done this from a Young age. I did not have money until I was in my fors. If I couldn't afford to pay, I didn't go. I didn't go. And anyways, drink more. I've gotten real pushback on that. And men should always pay, always. So those are two things. So darmesshado, you know darmesscott, Yeah, he's the founder of HubSpot. I assume he's a billionaire. I think he is a billionaire. And he one time I went out to dinner with him and I brought a friend of mine, and we ate a lot. It was a really fancy restaurant. And he ran to the bathroom, and I wanted to be cool. And I paid the bill. And he came back and he goes, Hey, let's pay. And I was like, no, it's taken care of already. And he was like, what? What? And he ran Ted the kitchen. He made him refund the check to me, and he paid. And I was like, Darmesh, what are you doing, man? Like, let me, let me, let me be cool here. And he was like, listen, years ago when I was like 22 or 24, I came to America and I started a business and I wanted to get customers. And everyone told me you had to play golf, and I didn't know how to play golf, and I feel awkward playing golf. But then another person told me, well, just take a muof dinner and just pay for the bill. And that's a really good way for you to like, treat people nicely and particularly customers. And he goes from that day forward, I think he was 25, I vowed to pay for dinner 100% of the time that I went out, and no one would ever pay for my dinner. And so if you go and pay for this dinner, you will be ruining 25 years of me paying for everyone's dinner. And it was hilarious to hear him just like go through this spiel. And so he has paid for everyone's dinner that he's ever been out to eat with for 25 years. Now, there's some nuance here. And my partner reminded me of this. I always pay for every dinner. And she's like, you realize this is an ego thing and it's about control. And she goes, I get where you're coming from, but people who are your friends and also have their own economic security don't want you constantly asserting your ego and your power over them by paying for everything all the time, that this is about your insecurity. It's no longer about your generosity, it's about your insecurity and trying to express some sort of weird abdominance. And I got so angry when she said this, because I think some of it is. And the reality is your friends, like I always used to be, don't ask my friends for it once I got success. Don't ask my friends for anything. Offer them advice, help them out. And the reality is that's not a friendship. Yeah, that's sort of obnoxious. That's like, Yeah big. That's like I'm on moyeah. Occasionally you need to call your friends and say, I'm struggling with my marriage. I just got diagnosed with high blood pressure. I'm really upset about it. Your friends want to come fort you your friends don't want to be just your you know, beneficiary. Want they want occasionally to say, no, I'm doing well. I can pay for dinner. I get that. I think that if you're not letting occasionally asking your friends for help and being vulnerable and exposing your insecurities and your weaknesses and your anxiety, then you don't have a friendship. And what I realized was a lot of it was ego with me trying to you know, thump my chest. I don't need anyone's help. I just help everybody else. Then you don't have friendships. You have a series of transactions. But I go back to what I'm saying. Anyone with ovaries, you pay for everything. No nuance to that one. What I like is that you have a code. I think that I'm always interested and attracted to people who have their own code, that they've established a way of living. And I tend to disagree with a lot of their code, but more than anything, I agree with the fact that they have a code. And I respect that. I think most people lack a code to live by. I think they lack an operating philosophy. I think maybe religion used to give it to them. I think they reject the one that their parents or society, you know, there's a natural desire to reject what your parents or society pushes on you. But it's not replaced or substituted with a valuable operating philosophy. And I think that's probably one of the the things I think people lack the most. And so I hope that if even if you disagree with half of the shit that Scott said, I think the more important thing is to ask, do you have a code? And do you have a code that you live by and that you've established on your own terms from your own lived experiences and values? I 100 agree. Some people get, everybody needs a code. Too many decisions coming at you without a code. Some people get it from religion, the military, their parents. I didn't have a code when I was younger. I was trying to handle everything extemporaneously and it was hard. So Yeah, an imperfect code is better than no code at all. Otherwise, it's so hard to just know how to handle all these situations. And I very much agree. You guys never brought up my sight or my movement. Resist and unsubscribe. Wait, I really don't. I don't even know what this is all about. Tell me, tell me. Like tell me from the beginning, I genuinely don't don't even know what you're talking about. I am horrified by what's going on in Minneapolis and across our nation. I think there's a difference to right and being effective. I want to move to being effective. What I've noticed is the Trump administration only walks back things when the markets move. And the fastest way to make the markets move right now is to go after the companies that are 40% of the S&P by unsubscribing from from Amazon, from apple, from Microsoft platforms, from, I have a whole list of what I call ground zero, and then going after and holding the power of the purse from companies providing infrastructure, whether at and t or Hilton. But I have a site called resist and unsubscribed, and I'm trying to convince people that the weapon hiding and plain site is their spending. 70% of our economy is consumer spending. And if you just in 2020, the greatest political action in history was the first quarter of 2020. And it wasn't because hundreds of thousands of people were dying, was because the GDP crashed 31%. If we can put a dent in the magnificent tens economic power, the president will hear about that and he will respond. And the fast way to do that, if you want to subscribe from ChatGPT, they're trading at 40 times. Revenue is $240. That's $10000 in market cap you take away from OpenAI. If you try to do that with Krogers, you would need five families to stop buying all groceries for a year. So go after the soft tissue. And that is tech company subscription. And you're going to find, as I did, you have three subscriptions to anthropic. You don't need three. I have seven streaming media platforms. I don't need seven. I was on Amazon. One, the healthcare company paying 199. I don't need that. Is this unsubscribed? February is a great time to take stock of all the money we're spending at the hands of millions of people and billions of capital. They convince you to spend more money than you need, and it sends a message to the markets in the administration, resist and unsubscribe these companies. They are specifically contributing to the problem. Or you're just saying the whole market has to shake for the administration to move. It's not that these individual companies did anything wrong. Is that what you're saying? Oh no, they're enabling this bullshit. When Tim Cook shows up with inscribed hard drives and goes to the Melania premiere, when Jeff Bezos pays $45 million for a documentary that brightens up the room by leaving it, so you're picking companies that have kissed the ring is what you're talking about. These are the enablers. These are the people. Whosaid, okay, kisses ass. I mean, there's some historical precedents here. In the early thirs Germany, the captains of the manufacturing industry turned to bland dito Hitler in the rise of fascism, because he said, if you don't come out against me, they were very worried about him. I will crush the trade unions and you will make a shit ton of money. There's an apt analogy here, and that is, I get text messages from these guys saying, I hate myself. I don't want na go to the White House. I'm like, well, I hate you too, because you're not willing to speak up. And the very values and principles, rule of law, capitalism, competition, free markets that built these amazing companies that made these guys billionaires is under attack right now. And they don't want to speak up because they think they're going to make money. We'll be careful what you ask for, but these are the enablers in your free gift would purchase, spend less money, send a message to the people who, you know, tell them to put away the knee pads and speak your mind. They probably have to do it collectively because he goes after people who go first. But this is a great way to send a message to the president, to the markets and to these individuals that this, what is happening here is unamerican and you are desecrating the values that made you so goddamn rich. And earlier you had said you have researchers in your time editorial process. And the example you used was like the power of a boycott. When I hear you talk about this, I think my dollar YouTube subscription doesn't move to needle, but it sounds like you have some data that shows otherwise. If Microsoft misses its expectations by one percentage point, it loses 10% of its value. Other companies go down in sympathy. The nasdaq 100 lost one point a half percent in one day. The only time the president has walked back the annexation of Greenland or tariffs is when the markets have moved. How many people do you need to anticipate for this to matter? The reality is, okay. So these are my objectives. My objectives is to send a signal to the markets and to consumers that they have power with their purchases and that they should be thoughtful about where they spend money and where they decide not to spend money. I'm trying to assemble infrastructure, part of my infrastructure as a website that makes it easy for people to unsubscribe from big tech platforms. I would love it if enough people collectively canceled such that all of a sudden, amongst a variety of reasons, the ceos of these companies say, maybe we should be a little less sycophantic, maybe we should push back. Is that happening right now? Probably not. I'm getting 100, zero uniques a day to my site. I'm getting thousands of screenshots. But is OpenAI changing its plans because of what I'm doing? Probably not. But here's the thing. As you get older, I'm sick a heckling from the seats. I want to be on the field. I want to be doing something. And when I was a younger man, I used to take public risks, and now I just get angry at everybody else. So I wanted to do something. But I'll be honest, it's gonna to take a lot, but it would take less unsubscribing from big tech to have an impact than anything else. And one day protests are powerful, but there's more symbolic and more cinematic and powerful. I think if single digit millions of people unsubscribed from tech platforms, one theyfind out that they're saving a lot of money and spending money where they didn't think too. And I think these guys would notice. So Yeah, you know I' M1 hair on the horse's tail, but I'm kind of sick of talking about it not doing anything. It must be kind of fun, though, a little bit too, like you said, like you're like, I like to give money because it makes me feel good. This kind of, I think that it feels nice to have an enemy and and to get behind a movement. You're worried you're throwing a party and one's going to show up, right? So there's some public failure risk here, but it feels good to do things with other people. And also, I just I just canceled my Uber account. And when you cancel it, it gives you a graphic. It shows you how many times you've ordered from Uber reads. I've ordered 34 times mober reads. And then it shows you how many Uber rides you've taken in the last ten years. I've taken 3747Uber rides. So I take 350 rides a year. I do Uber lux. I don't own a car. And as big tech platforms do, they used to price it very aggressively. They consolidate the market. And then Uber has raised the prices on Uber x, I'm sorry, Uber lux, seven to 10% of your way above inflation. So the average price of uberlucks when I was first taking it was 40 to 60 bucks. Now it's 80 to 120. So and again, story of privilege. I'm spending $35000a year on Uber. So I've started taking the tube here in London. I've started taking the subway New York, which is awesome, and I've started taking uberx. And I figured with the money I'm saving, I could lease an I seven, a Range Rover or A G wagon, including insurance and parking. And this is a story of privilege. I realize most people can't spend that kind of money on Uber. But what I'm telling you is, if you really look at recurring revenue, subscription payments to big tech, you're gonna to find out you can save a lot of money without a great deal of effort. And so I'm excited about this. This is the soft tissue. This is the testicles of the economy. These companies are out way over their skis. Their valuations are inflated. If you want na send a message to the president, don't like and subscribe this video, resist and unsubscribe. And how are YouTube channels not on this list? Feel free to keep that subscription. We are not part of the testicles of this country. That's right. That's right. So that resistant unsubscribed com, that's that's where they do it. All right. That's right. Amazing as always. Thanks for coming on, man. I hope you had fun. I really enjoy this. Thanks, guys. I appreciate the thoughtful questions. Cool. All right. Thank you, man. That's it. That's a pod. We appreciate you. Take care. I feel like that kowhere to know I could be what I want to. I put my all in it, like all days on for the road. Let's travel. Never a look back. All right, my friends, I have a new podcast for you guys to check out. It's called content is profit and it's hosted by Luis and fonzy cameo. After years of building content teams and frameworks for companies like Red Bull and orange theory fitness, Louis and fonzy are on a mission to bridge the gap between content and revenue. In each episode, you're gonna to hear from top entrepreneurs and creators, and you're gonna to hear them share their secrets and strategies to turn their content into profit. So you can check out content is profit wherever you get your podcasts.
