---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: SE
title: "Don’t Buy Sea Limited Until You Watch This"
channel: "TingAboutMoney"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: OsENhtGJshU
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OsENhtGJshU
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Don’t Buy Sea Limited Until You Watch This

**Channel**: TingAboutMoney  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OsENhtGJshU

## Transcript

Hi guys, this is Ting here. So today we're going to talk about a stock called C Limited. As you can see, the recent price action has been quite rough for the investor. So the price of the C is currently trading at around $87 to $88, which is down from the peak of $197 which is represent around a 50% drop. So uh see stock price peak around September and it has been going through quite a few months of drop until today. So today we are going to look at the year 2025 full year financial report and see whether this stock is worth holding. So stay tuned. Firstly we want to look at the revenue of C. So we can see that actually C's GAP revenue increased by 36.4% to 22.9 billion. So from the 16.8 billion on 2024. So this is a 36.4% increase. It's a very robust increase. So C has three segment. The first segment is the the e-commerce platform shopppee. The shopppee's revenue has been increasing by 33.9%. It's primarily driven by the growth of GMBB which is the gross merchandise value and it means that more people are buying at the platform. Then the second segment is the fintech sement core money. The GAP revenue of uh fintech segment increased by 60.1% primarily driven by the growth of credit business and increase in the lending activities. The third segment is the gaming segment called Garina. The revenue has been increased by 26.1%. This is primarily due to the increase in the active user base and deepening of a paying user. So previously we see that the revenue across all the segment has been increasing. We also want to know that actually all this revenue has been translate into the income of C limited. So looking at shopppee the earnings which is represent in IITA earning before interest tax depreciation amotization was increased from 155 million to 880 million in 2025. The second segment called money the earnings which is represent in Iita has been increased to 1 billion. This is an improvement of 42.9% year-over-year. The third segment which is the gaming seven called Garena the earning which is represent in IBITA has has been increased to 1.7 billion up 38.1% year-over-year. So we also like to know how each segment contribute to the overall profit of C. So basically I have already list out the numbers of how does it segment contribute to the C limited profit. So we can see that Guyana actually contribute around half of C's earnings which is around 47%. Then the second segment which is the fintech segment contribute around 29% of C's total earnings and shopppee although this segment has own the largest revenue among all the among all the segment but it only contribute around 24% of C's earnings let's take a deeper look into shopppee so shopppee's revenue has been increasing quarter over quarter and increase also in year-over-year's performance there's one important metric to look at which is shopppee this take rate. So the take rate means that the percentage of revenue Shopee able to extract from its gross merchandise value. In 2025, Shopee's gross merchandise value is around 127.6 billion. If we multiply with this 13% take rate, we reach a 16.6 billion year which is the revenue of Shopee in 2025. So we also like to compare Shopee's take rate with competitor of similar segment like Macado, Libre and Amazon. Shopee's take rate is around 13 to 14% and is still growing. Mato li is around 16 to 18% while Amazon's take rate is around 45 to 50%. So it means that shopppee take rate still have some room for improvement. So the company also came out with projection with shopppee annual GMV will be growing around 25% year-over-year. So this is a very strong growth and the earning which is represent in ITA is projected to be no lower than 2025 in absolute dollars. It means that the earnings in 2026 will stay flat compared to 2025. So I think this is one of the reason that causing the correction of share price recently. Currently we're going to see the most profitable segment in C which is called the Gina. If we look at Garina's booking, Garina's booking has been increased by 37.3% year-over-year. There are two important metrics for Garina segment, which is the quarterly active user and the quarterly paying user ratio. The quarterly active user ratio stay same for entire year of 2025 which is around 650 million plus minus and the quarterly active user also stays same around 9.9% in year 2025. Kina has been highly reliant on a game called free fire and this game has be remain popular for the last eight years. The company is trying to making it to become a evergreen game. Ghana tried to shift its game gaming portfolio from free fire by introducing more new game such as Shibuen. The project starts in 2023 and the company acknowledged that it require a longer development timeline for this project. So in this time the company also tried to focus on smaller and short-term win. The management say they will remain committed on the long-term vision they had for this project. Freef Fire has remained one of the largest mobile game in the world. It has achieved a two consecutive years of booking growth of more than 30% with 2025 booking nearly double compared to the record level on 2003. Guyana also launched EA Sports FC mobile in the Vietnamese version and has achieved a early strong performance by being the most downloaded mobile game in Vietnam. So we are looking at the third segment of Z which previously they name it the C money. There's two important metrics to look at. Firstly is the loan principal outstanding and the non-performing loan that is more than 90 days. So we can see that actually the loan principal outstanding has been increasing quarter over quarter. So it means that actually C is trying to expand its credit business by doing more lending. But doing more lending also come with some credit list which is like the company may not be able to retrieve all the money that he borrow. In the banking sector they are tricking it with the NP90 which is the non-performing loan that's overdue for more than 90 days. So basically the MP90 of money has been staying around 1.1%. Even though the lending is increasing. So we're going to have a glimpse on how this metric is coming from. With different country this metric could be different. For a country like Singapore the MPF ratio is around 1.3%. So C is around 1.1% so it's still considered healthy. Taiwan is extremely low around 0.15 to 0.16% while Philippines is around 3.1 to 3.5%. C's 1.1% seems healthy at a glance here. So in this statement we also see that actually C has been provisioned for credit loss of around 1.36 billion. So this amount of money has already been recognized in the income statement by reducing an similar amount of 1.3 billion over here and the provision has been increasing by 76% year-over-year compared to 2024. So in accounting terms provision this will help to protect the company from future loan loss. If let's say the company not manage to retrieve the money that it borrowed it can deduct this pool of money instead of directly recognize it in the earning and cause a earning shock. I think the shareholder has been pretty anticipating C doing a share buyback. So in the fourth quarter of 2025 we see that C would like to use 1 billion to do a share repurchase program. So currently they already spend around 14 million 14.5 million to do the share buyback and they they purchase around 116.2k of share. So if I do the match I think C is spending an average around $124 to buy back the share. And currently the the share price is around $80 which is quite less from the price they do the buyback. But I think this 14.5 million is still a very small amount uh in the 1 billion plan dimension. So we can see that inside the balance sheet there's also a decrease around 14.5 million in the shareholders equity. So this amounts daily with the amount they used to do the share buyback. If we look at C's price to sales ratio for the current price of $87 C's price to sales ratio is around 2.62 which is lower than the price to sales ratio of last few years of above 3 to5. Although the 2.62 price to sales ratio is not as low as the 1.8 801.9 expected in the early 2023 and 2024. I would say that the drop in price recently has making C become more fair value for the investor. So for technical analysis point of view, we see that actually there's a critical support level at this $87 to $88. This support line is draw through the true over here, the peak over here and the peak over here. So we also see that actually the SMA 200 line also pass through the $87 to $88 at this region. So if let's say C's share price drop more than this support level we see that another support level is at around 56 or $55. So just a note that actually this technical analysis is just a reference for the investor. As an investor I think that C's income and revenue growth in 2025 is quite impressive. So looking forward in 2026 I believe that C has a few growth driver such that C money is try to expanding its lending business by growing the lending activity. As an investor we also want to see whether the company able to maintain its non-performing loan while increasing its credit lending for shopppee. The growth driver is the company expect to expand its gross merchandise value by 25% year-over-year. Although the growth looks pretty good but we also want to address what investor is concerned is the company may use more of its excess earnings invest in shopppee infrastructure and giving more discounts to customer to maintain its market share. So Ghana is the most profitable segment of C limited Ghana has been highly relying on one gaming title called free fire and it dominates the revenue of Ghana. You remember there's one incident that happened some time ago where India banned free fire of C Limited and it caused the revenue and share price of C Limited to tumble. So as an investor we would like to see the company venture into more new gaming titles to diversify from free fire as a main revenue stream while trying to maintaining free fire as a evergreen game. As mentioned previously, the company is trying to maintain this free fire as the evergreen game and the booking growth of last two year is more than 30% as mentioned in the previous part on the video. So that's all for the video today. If you guys like the content, please consider subscribe to the channel as it will help me a lot. Thank you. Bye-bye.
