---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: SE
title: "$SE Sea Limited Q3 2025 Earnings Conference Call"
channel: "EARNMOAR"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: Pkg1uKOepCk
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pkg1uKOepCk
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# $SE Sea Limited Q3 2025 Earnings Conference Call

**Channel**: EARNMOAR  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pkg1uKOepCk

## Transcript

Good morning and good evening to all and welcome to the C Limited third quarter 2025 results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star followed by the number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press star one again. For operator assistance throughout the call, please press star zero. And finally, I would like to advise all participants that this call is being recorded. Thank you. I would now like to welcome Miss Rebecca Lee to begin the conference. Please go ahead. >> Thank you. Hello everyone and welcome to C's 2025 third quarter earnings conference call. I am Rebecca from CE's investor relations team. On this call, we may make forward-looking statements which are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and may not be realized in the future for various reasons as stated in our press release. Also, this call includes the discussion of certain non-GAAP financial measures such as adjusted EBID. We believe these measures can enhance our investors understanding of the actual cash flows of our major businesses when used as a complement to our gap disclosures. For discussion of the use of non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliation with the closest gap measures, please refer to the section on non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, I have with me C's chairman and chief executive officer Forest Lee, President Chris Wong, and Chief Financial Officer Tony Ho. Our management will share strategy and business updates, operating highlights, and financial performance for the third quarter of 2025. This will be followed by a Q&A session in which we welcome any questions you have. With that, let me turn the call over to Boris. Hello everyone and thank you for joining today's call. After a very strong first half of the year, our momentum has continued into the third quarter. We achieved a total revenue of $6 billion and an adjusted EBIDA of $874 million representing 38% and the 68% year-on-year growth respectively. Shortest GMV grew by over 28% yearonear. Money's loan book expanded 70% yearonear while maintaining a stable risk profile. and Garina delivered its best quarter since 2021 with quarterly bookings up over 50% yearonear. Our focus remains the same, continuing to deliver high and profitable growth across all three of our businesses. With e-commerce and the digital finance penetration in our markets still low but increasing, strong growth lays the best foundation to maximize our long-term profitability. I'm very pleased with the profitable growth we have consistently delivered and we will keep on this path. With that, let me take you through each business's performance. Starting with e-commerce, Shopee delivered another record setting quarter, achieving new highs in quarterly GMV gross order volume and revenue. We have now achieved five consecutive quarters of sequential GMV growth driven by more active buyers and higher purchase frequency. and we have improved our year-on-year profitability across Asia and Brazil. Our monetization continued its upward trend into the third quarter. Take rates increased both year on year and quarter on quarter. Adore a big contributor. Our efforts to make ad services both simpler and smarter drove broader adoption and higher ad spend by our sellers. Ad revenue increased over 70% and ad click rate low rose by more than 80 basis point year on year. The number of sellers using our ad products increased by more than 25% and their average ad spend increased by over 40% yearonear. Our monetization gains, strong growth momentum, and a healthy balance sheet has positioned us well to capture even more growth opportunities. Our three operational priorities, enhancing price competitiveness, improving service quality, and strengthening our content ecosystem have proven to be a winning formula, and they remain consistent. Within these priorities, let me highlight some of the areas we have been investing into that we believe are critical for our long-term competitiveness and profitability. First, we continue to improve our logistics capability, a highly strategic competitive mode that has differentiated us from our peers. We launched XPX Express in 2018 when we recognized that reliable and cost effective delivery was the most urgent logistics demand in our markets due to wide differences in geography and infrastructure. Over the years, we have learned how to deliver packages by truck, plane, boat, motorbike and more. We deliver well in dense, congested and high-rise cities. We also deliver well in rural areas where we need to cross rivers, navigate rice fields and locate homes without formal addresses or postal codes. This experience has given us a very deep understanding of every region in our markets. Our delivery capability has now developed to the point where we can identify and deploy service quality improvements addressing specific user needs in different markets. This helps us to serve more user back better while improving our operational efficiency even further. For example, in Indonesia, we saw growing demand from urban buyers for very fast deliveries and the willingness to pay a premium for it. So, we load out same day and instant delivery with the delivery times as fast as under two hours. The response was excellent. orders using these faster options in the greater Jakarta area increased by more than 35% yearonear in the third quarter. But for rural regions, we saw a preference for economical delivery. So, we came up with a delivery solutions that reduce the cost per order by 20% compared to our standard delivery, allowing rural buyers to enjoy free shipping with much lower minimum spend. This boosted shopping popularity among rural buyers, orders delivered outside Java increased by more than 45% yearon year in the third quarter. In Taiwan, we noticed a very different customer demand. Many buyers preferred self- pickup options. So, we expanded our automated locker store network to over 2500 location in less than three years, making us the only e-commerce player in Taiwan with a locker network at such scale. Today, it is a key logistics channel accounting for more than 70% of all our deliveries in Taiwan. This move has paid off in more than one way. The lockers run at over 30% lower cost per order than traditional pickup locations. On top of that, the locker locate locations double up as last mile hubs for home delivery at a lower cost compared to traditional last mile models. In other words, we are making our buyers happier while reducing our cost. In the third quarter, our GMV in Taiwan showed doubledigit growth year on year and we still see a lot of room to deepen our penetration further in this highly attractive market. Today we have built XPX Express into a clear leader in scale coverage and the cost in our Asian market. Our deep local insights have enabled us to customize ground strategies to create the most efficient and effective solutions in every market, reinforcing our cost advantage. Our logistics capability underpins the strong growth we have seen from Shopee this year, playing a big role in making us the platform of choice for both buyers and sellers. With our delivery capability well scaled, our next goal to further deepen our logistics competitive mode is to enhance our fulfillment capability. This addresses a more upstream need for our sellers, ensuring fast, accurate order handling in addition to speedy and reliable delivery. We aim to make fulfillment a second core pillars of our overall logistics capability. Another way for us to strengthen our reputation among buyers and sellers and ensure high levels of customer satisfaction just as we did with delivery. These efforts are already underway. In previous course, I have shared updates on initiatives such as intelligent demand forecasting where we pre-ship commonly ordered products closer to where we anticipate fire demand will be. This helps us reduce buyer waiting time and fulfill orders more cost efficiently. For instance, in Indonesia, if we wait until an order comes in from a remote island before shipping the item out from Java, we must rely on more expensive forms of transport such as airplanes to get it there quickly. But if we have already anticipated this demand, we can use cheaper forms of transport to pre- ship it to the area, letting us deliver it quickly and cost effectively once the order is placed. We have made further headway in fulfillment by starting to offer warehouse solutions in some of our markets. Offering fulfillment services benefit everyone. It takes the burden of packaging and shipment of sellers. It gives the buyers more consistent service and it allows Shopee to better optimize end to end logistics while serving more buyers and sellers. We are investing in this capability in a cap capital efficient way. For instance, by mostly leasing rather than buying land and warehouses. The most intense investment comes not in the form of money but in time and effort. It would be very difficult to build a fulfillment capability without a deep understanding of logistics needs in our market and a tightly integrated delivery network to pair it with. After seven years of experience with XPS Express, we have both. Second, we continue to find new and exciting ways to deepen user engagement. Our subscriptionbased Shopee VIP membership program is a great example and it has continued to gain strong traction. By the end of September, VIP members across Indonesia, Thailand, Vietnam surpassed 3.5 million, up more than 75% from the previous quarter. Given the price sensitivity of many customers in our market, the success of our VIP program shows the high value we are delivering to our customers. VIP members are demonstrating higher engagement. In Indonesia, these members spend around 40% more after subscribing to the program. Shopee VIP members also bought three times more frequently and spent five times more than nonsubscribers in the third quarter, accounting for about 10% of total GMV in Indonesia. We have also deepened user engagement by enhancing Shopee's content ecosystem. Our partnership with YouTube continues to gain strong traction. In the third quarter, shopping orders driven by YouTube content across our Southeast Asian market grew by more than 30% quarteron quarter. With this strong results, we are now extending this partnership to Brazil. Late last month, we also announced a collaboration with Meta to launch new tools allowing seamless product promotion and checkout between Facebook and Shopee accounts. We are excited to see how this partnership will enrich our buyer community further. Third, we are committed to embracing AI as a powerful way to improve the whole consumer retail experience. Our AI efforts have already began to bear fruits, contributing meaningfully to our monetization gain in the third quarter. Smarter search, better recommendations, and more personalized content have made Shopppee easier and more enjoyable to shop on. We have also used the AI to enhance product discovery beyond search, helping buyers find relevant and interesting items even when they arrive without a specific purchase in mind. We empowered sellers with AI tools, enabling them to generate image, videos, text descriptions, and virtual showrooms to make their product listings more appealing. These initiatives have increased buyer engagement, improving our purchase conversion rate by 10% year on year in the third quarter. Taken together, all these efforts have resonate with our customers. Buyer purchase frequency across our market continued to improve, going up a further 12% year on year in the third quarter. Average monthly active buyers also increased 15% yearon year in the third quarter. and Shopee remains consistently regarded as the e-commerce platform offering the most price competitiveness product in both our Asian market and Brazil based on Quickrix surveys. I would also like to highlight our progress in Brazil where shopppee continued to deliver exceptional growth while maintaining positive adjust. Our GM growth there has been outpacing the market driven by sustained increases in monthly active buyers, purchase frequency and average basket sizes over the past several quarters. Our wide product assortment, highly competitive pricing and structural cost leadership by enabling us to scale rapidly and profitably. Our continuous improvements in delivery speed and reliability have enabled us to expand into more upmarket product categories. Delivery speed improved sequentially in the third quarter with average delivery time improving by about two days compared to a year ago. In the greater Sa Paulo area, one in three puzzles were delivered the next day and nearly half within two days. With these improvements, we are seeing more merchants listing higher value products and the new buyer cohorts showing higher spending patterns. In the third quarter, GMBB for Shopee more, our premium shopping section, more than doubled year on year in Brazil. In conclusion, Shopee has delivered another quarter of strong and profitable growth. With our strong performance year to date, we now expect Shopee's fullear 2025 GMBB growth to be more than 25%. Next moving to digital financial services has delivered another very strong quarter with revenue growing by 61% and adjust the evida growing more than 35% yearonear while our 90-day NPL ratio remained stable at 1.1%. This strong growth was a broadbased driven by both user growth and the product expansion across multiple markets. Our LO book expanded by around a billion dollars during the quarter to reach $7.9 billion at the end of September, solidifying our position as one of the largest unsecured consumer lenders in Southeast Asia. Thailand has reached another major milestone, surpassing $2 billion in loans outstanding at the end of September. In Brazil, our loan book more than tripled year on year in the third quarter with improving portfolio quality and a stronger user performance. Our significant credit history with a very large base of users across many markets allows us to roll out products more widely while maintaining the health of our portfolio. We used to take a wide list approach to onboarding new users. Now any shopppee user in most of our market can apply for as pay later credit and we can make credit approval decisions very quickly. in many cases almost instantly. Moving to this all comes apply approach enabled us to add more than 5 million firsttime borrowers in the third quarter. New user cohort scaled well with generally positive unit economics a testament to our increasingly advanced risk underwriting capability. At the end of the quarter, active users across our consumer and theme loan products reached 34 million, up nearly 45% yearonear. Meanwhile, loan dispersements to new users still accounted for less than 10% of total dispersement in the third quarter. As we continue to assess credit quality before cross-selling more products, we are also making our credit products on shopppee as pay later off shopppee as pay later and the personal cash loans easier to use in a wider set of use cases. In many of our markets where credit card penetration remains low, we are steadily establishing as pay later as a trusted and convenient payment methods of choice for all kinds of purchases both online and offline. On shopping as pay later has grown steadily as penetration continues to deepen across all our markets. GMV penetration now ranges from single digits in early markets to over 30% in more mature ones reflecting our discipline in scaling only when incremental dispersements are profitable. We see meaningful room to continue increasing as pay later on shoppy penetration across our markets. Offshop SP later showed strong traction this quarter, growing over 300% yearonear and over 40% quarteron quarter. It still only accounts for less than 10% of our total loss as of the end of September. So large upside remains for future growth. This product segment represents a significant opportunity to unlock success to offline spend, a very large part of consumer expenditure in many of our markets. The standalone Shopee Pay app supporting both online and offline payments across a wide range of merchants is a key pillar of our strategy to grow our money businesses of Shopee. In payments, it offers users a faster and more seamless experience, giving them direct access without having to go through the Shopee app. Beyond payments, it helps us unlock more use cases, positioning shopppee pay as a one-stop platform for users broader financial needs of Shopee credit, insurance, wealth management, and more. The app has launched in Indonesia, Thailand, Vietnam, and Malaysia, and is showing strong traction. More than 20% of our Shocky Pay monthly transacting users are using the standalone app. Personal cash loans also grew strongly this quarter. In Indonesia, we have been offering higher limits and longer changers to attract more prime users who demonstrate strong repayment behavior. Loan sizes can typically range from a few hundred to over $1,000, allowing us to serve users with larger financial needs. Building on this website, we have similarly expanded access to prime users in Thailand and Malaysia where user adoption is going up quickly. In Brazil, personal cash loans grew close to 50% quarteron quarter driven by the continued popularity of the combined credit limit we offer to pay later users. In conclusion, money has delivered another excellent quarter building well while well while diversifying our credit portfolio across markets, users and products. Our portfolio quality and our unit unit economics have remained healthy and we are extending at pay later reach beyond e-commerce and embanding it into users everyday financial user use cases. This will build a pathway for strong offshopy growth for many years to come. Finally, moving to digital entertainment, Garina has delivered another stellar quarter. Bookings were up 51% and adjusted Ebida grew 48% yearonear making it our best quarter since 2021. Refire anchored this strong performance with the two high impact campaigns gain and Naruto shiputin chapter 2. The campaigns received a huge positive response accelerating our growth momentum from the previous quarter. Our street game collaboration incorporated iconic challenges from the blockbuster Netflix TV series such as red light green light and the glass bridge. The event drove strong participation with the right light green light challenge being played more than 300 million times in the quarter. Our Naruto shuten chapter 2 event expanded on the resounding success of chapter 1 in the first quarter of this year. Based on gamer feedback and performance insights, we identified new fun ninja characters, new attack mechanics, highly sought after collectible items, and a new one-on-one mode, letting players use signature abilities from the series. Chapter 2 went on to surpass chapter 1 in both engagement and revenue. We saw an extremely high social media share rate for chapter 2, double already high bar set by our 8th anniversary event. Both Naruto chapters have achieved the highest satisfaction scores of any campaign launched over the past two years. Our Naruto content was very successful because it focused on what players value most, authenticity through attention to detail. This strong focus underpins how we take IP collaborations to the next level and it is driven by Garina's core creative culture. First, we require every major IP partnership to be led by a team of a genuine super fans of that IP within Gina to ensure authenticity and respect for the original work. Naruto fans loved how closely the game play mirrored small but important details from the anime. For instance, one key story line from the original anime was about rogue ninja returning to destroy the ninja village they had been exiled from. In chapter one, we had built this ninja village into our map and introduced iconic attack skills from the main anime characters. In chapter 2, we introduced attack skills that was specifically from the rogue ninja characters like fireballs, blackfire, and exploding birds and redesigned the map to feature a detroy version of the ninja village. Continuing the narrative between the chapters in a way that was true to the original anime created a highly immersive experience and brought fans excitement to the next level. These are details only super fans would care about and understand how to incorporate into game play. Second, we take a global yet local approach, bringing global IPs to our market in highly localized ways. For instance, we took advantage of the huge traction of our Naruto campaign to hold ninja themed offline events in eight markets across Asia and the Americas, attracting tens of thousands of fans. The largest of these events was a two-day international Allstar Ninja Clash esports tournament in Bangkok with teams of a free fire players flying in from across Asia and Latin America to compete. The Bangkok tournament was a huge success becoming a top trending event on YouTube gaming and on social media across key markets. In addition to such events, our teams stay closely connected to players through creators programs and fun groups typing into a constant stream of feedback and ideas that shape game design decisions. These efforts build very strong community connection and loyalty across our market. Beyond Freefire, we continue to expand our publishing portfolio with the launch of EA Sports FC mobile in Vinat last month, strengthening our long-standing partnership with Electronic Arts. The game quickly became the country's most downloaded mobile game in October based on Sensor Tower. By combining EA's world-class football franchise with Garina's local knowhow, we are deepening our expertise in sports games and reinforcing our position as a trusted publishing partner for global titles. With this very strong quarter, Arena remains on track to achieve more than 30% yearon-year growth in bookings for 2025. Our creative steps, disciplined execution, and a close connection with players will continue to drive Kina's growth. In conclusion, all three businesses have built on the strong momentum from the first half of the year and delivered another quarter of exceptional growth. We will continue to make our digital ecosystems even more vibrant, strengthen our leadership position, and deliver sustainable and profitable growth to our shareholders. With that, I invite Tony to discuss our financials. Thank you, Forest, and thanks to everyone for joining the call for C. Overall total gap revenue increased 38% year-onear to $6 billion in the third quarter of 2025. This was primarily driven by GMV growth of our e-commerce business and the growth of our digital financial services business. Our total adjusta was $874 million in the third quarter of 2025 compared to an adjusta of $521 million in the third quarter of 2024. On e-commerce, Shopee's gross orders increased 28% yearonear to 3.6 billion in the third quarter of 2025 and GMV increased by 28% yearonear to $32.2 $2 billion in the third quarter of 2025. Our third quarter gap revenue of $4.3 billion included GAP marketplace revenue of $3.8 billion, up 37% yearonear, and GAP product revenue of 0.5 billion. Within GAP marketplace revenue, core marketplace revenue mainly consisting of transaction based fees and advertising revenues was $3.1 billion up 53% yearon year. Value added services revenue mainly consisting of revenues related to logistic services was 0.7 million down 6% yearonear due to increased shipping subsidies. E-commerce adjusted IBIDA was $186 million in the third quarter of 2025 compared to an adjusted IBIDA of $34 million in the third quarter of 2024. Digital financial services gap revenue was up by 61% yearonear to $990 million. Adjusta was up by 37% yearonear to $258 million. As of the end of September, our consumer and theme loans principal outstanding reached $7.9 billion up 70% yearonear. This consists of $6.9 billion on book and $0.9 billion offbook loan per simple offstanding. Non-performing loans passed due by more than 90 days as a percentage of total consumer and theme loans was 1.1% at the end of the quarter. Digital entertainment bookings grew 51% yearonear to $841 million. GAP revenue was up 31% yearonear to $653 million. The growth was primarily due to the increase in our active user base as well as the deepened paying user penetration. Digital entertainment adjusted bida was $466 million up 48% year on year. Returning to our consolidated numbers, we recognized a net non-operating income of $61 million in the third quarter of 2025 compared to a net nonoperating income of $50 million in the third quarter of 2024. We had a net income tax expense of $161 million in the third quarter of 2025 compared to net income tax expense of $93 million in the third quarter of 2024. As a result, net income was $375 million in third quarter of 2025 as compared to a net income of $153 million in the third quarter of 2024. >> Thank you, Boris and Tony. We are now ready to open the call to questions. Operator, >> we will now begin the question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star followed by the number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press star one again. In the interest of time, we'll take a minimum a maximum of two questions at a time from each caller. If you wish to ask more questions, please request to join the question queue again after your first questions have been addressed. At this time, we'll pause momentarily to assemble our roster. Your first question comes from paying vit with Goldman Sachs. >> Hi management um thank you very much for the opportunity. Congrats for the great set of results. Two question for me both on the e-commerce side. Number one on your growth guidance of more than 25% yearon year for 2025. What do you bake in in terms of the driver and competitive landscape? What will it mean for your margin trend and how should we think about these trend carry into 2026? That's question number one. Question number two, just to have a good understanding of the margins. So margin trend for e-commerce came down to 0.6% in the quarter despite higher take rate. Can you help us understand where is the investment area whether this is in the fulfillment as you mentioned or is there also something else that we should be aware of? Are these more fixed or variable and how long and how much should we expect this investment cycle to be? >> Yeah, in term of the growth assumption of uh more than 25% um I I think we are kind of half into the quarter already. uh is basically based on what we see so far in the market on the uh momentum and competitive landscapes. Uh it's pretty much reflective of kind of what we see so far uh as we come into the quarter. Um and um regarding the margin questions um the if you look at the um the the previous year versus this year um we do see um consistent uh improvement of margin. If you look at year-to-year basis as we shared before um we will obviously um see quartertoquarter fluctuations sometimes for uh seasonality reasons or for um some of the investment cycle of the initiatives um and could also be uh particular uh market status uh in term of where we are pushing some of these initiatives. So I think um if you look at a a bit sort of year-to-year trend uh even uh uh going forward um I think we believe that we are able to deliver the 2 to 3% ebit margin as we shared before and also uh have an improvement yeartoyear if you look at uh um the the the the the yearly basis um in term of where we are investing um one of thing is what we mentioned in the uh opening um further investment ment into the logistic capabilities and um fulfillment capabilities. Um and uh beyond that we are also deepening our buy engagement and warning shares through for example our shoppy VIP program that we shared in the opening as well. Um and all those effort has been showing uh uh pretty good results. uh our buyer frequency improved 12% year and average monthly active buyers um increased 15% year-to-year as well which contribute to our great growth uh this quarter which is uh uh way above the guidance we gave in the early of the year which is 20%. um the the most of these investments um are less fixed per se. Um we take um relatively asset light approach even coming to our logistics and fulfillment businesses. Um the the we we don't own a land uh most of our capex is just improvement of building the uh uh warehouses or sorting facilities etc. uh for our by engagement and what share program VIPs is also less fixed. Um obviously you will see a little bit investment in the early days to get everybody understand the program and join the program but um uh as time goes it should be a quite profitable program as uh you probably have seen in other e-commerce platforms uh across the globe. Your next question comes from Divia Kotile with Morgan Stanley. Uh >> thank you very much. Uh my first question is uh on your new market entry strategy and framework. Uh could you explain the rational behind closing some of the crossber operations in LATAM and the re-entry into Argentina? Uh what milestones would you monitor for Argentina before making it a localized business and is this part of your 2026 priorities? Uh my second question is on market shares. Uh if you can comment on the market shares in Azan, how are they how have they moved in the third quarter? And also if you could comment on Taiwan. Uh do you foresee uh increasing marketing spends and investments in Taiwan next year? Uh we're also seeing a bigger contribution from crossber with Tao getting more popular there. So if you can comment on the market shares on Azan and Taiwan that would be helpful. Thank you. Yeah, I think regarding the um new market uh we take a very highly selective approach on um any new geographic expansions. Um many of the initiative will be uh um very early stage testing the market in nature. Um the reason we uh look at uh Argentina is um it's essentially a expansion of our capability that built uh in Brazil leveraging on our existing crossber infrastructure um and the operational experiences we had already built uh in in in in Brazil. um the the the the objective is model capture the operational synergies across the adjacent regions and open additional channel for our sellers with the minimal incremental investment. Um I I think the um we will take some time to to learn about the market um without sort of um have a heavy investment into the market um at this point of time. Um for Chile and Colombia, we decide to uh wind down our crossber operation in Chile and Colombia as part of our ongoing review of our global business priorities to ensure our resources are focused on the uh key business priorities in line with our long-term strategy in the region. Um Latin America is still important market for us. Um that that we will continue to explore the opportunities to serve the um consumers and business well there. Um if you look at the absolute size uh in in Latin America obviously Brazil is the largest one where we are uh have a very large present there. Uh Argentina as we mentioned and Colombia actually a relatively smaller market and also relatively more distant from from from Brazil. I guess that's a uh thinking uh around the first questions um regarding the uh market share in South Asia in in quarter three. Um as we shared our growth has been um above kind of the expectations we shared before. Um and across the region we actually do believe that we are gaining market shares um in South Asia uh growing faster than the market um in South Asia. Um for Taiwan uh in particular the the uh the cross border to Taiwan has been uh in general a smaller part of the businesses um and giving the complexity for the buyer experience on crossber side. Um so we are less concerned about the uh uh crossber players selling from overseas to Taiwan as a um potential impact uh to our businesses. Um actually if you look at the recent quarters um uh we grow very well in Taiwan. We grow double digit which is faster than the overall market in Taiwan. Um so we are uh pretty confident uh that given we are the largest um e-commerce platform with the largest assortment with the best pricing um and also we have the best delivery infrastructure which is much lower uh shipping and fulfillment cost compared to anyone in the market. we are able to uh defend our market share well. We are able to grow um even faster uh in Taiwan um with our infrastructure uh much better built uh than previous years. >> Your next question comes from Alicia Yap with Cityroup. >> Um hi um good evening management. Thanks for taking my questions. Uh and congrats on the solid results. Uh two questions. Uh one is um if you can uh elaborate a little bit more uh overall competitive landscape in Southeast Asia. So are there any countries that uh we are seeing more intense competition lately and also um you know uh any countries that where you see peers are growing faster uh than Shopee and do you anticipate um the live streaming peers uh to start uh shift more of the traffic and also the purchase uh frequency to the shelf base the marketplace model in addition to the live streaming. uh if if that is uh happening uh you know what could be the uh potential threat uh to Shopee and then second questions is um should we assume the investment cycle this time around uh similar to maybe like couple years ago where there could be some step up investment that are more front end loaded uh with GMBB growth and my share growth um to follow through later especially for for example like you need to ramp up your fulfillment um you know capability uh in some of the markets which will yield uh better results uh later on. So could you um clarify uh if this time the investment cycle could be similar to uh what we saw last two I mean two years ago. Thank you. >> On the competitive landscapes um what we see is relatively stable competitive landscapes. uh I think as you can probably observe as well from your own uh sources um we didn't see any particular market different from another I think has been uh general trend across the South Asia uh market um in term of the intensities or uh the behavior of the competitors um the the regarding whether the live stream peers focus more on shelf space model I think um the it's not something new. I think it's something they try to do for quite long time. It it it's a uh as you probably see from China as well etc. Um but we do see that the nature of the platform is is different. I think the percentage of share commerce um it um relatively consistent let's say from from what we observed. um the the the the uh uh also if we are uh much more traffic pushing towards that that is a potential of impacting um how the overall app behavior and the user retention as well but but anyway um I think that's kind of similar behavior you will see you know in China and South Asia um we wouldn't see that a new thing impacting the uh competitive land uh uh in a meaningful way uh on the investment cycles I think The short answer is probably not. Um it's probably quite different from uh what you see two years ago in term of the investment into the content ecosystem if you remember that. Um I think uh what we are doing now uh is more as a a continuous investment to our business to strengthen our competitive mode. Um pretty align with what we uh shared continuously every quarter. uh we would like to uh invest into our infrastructure to have better logistics um and now we are extending logistic fulfillment network as well it's actually in a way it's not completely new it's capability we have been trying to build for a pure time um and now we felt it's a good time to scale it even more uh but as I shared just now it's less a capex uh intensive businesses you as you probably imagine and also as we grow the businesses. It will help our growth as well because this will help us to lower down the overall cost to serve as ecosystem and also reduce the delivery times to the user. Uh so help us to penetrate the user more and many of this contribute to our growth uh faster than we uh expected early the year as well. Um if you take a look at the uh uh VIP uh programs uh yes it's a little bit sort of investment in the early days but um we also see that with the investment um we um the the the user are willing to spend more with the platform as well. I think Forest shared that the uh the users uh purchase 40% more uh than before they joined the VI program. So in a way it's less a big frontload investment than the return come later. I think uh this time you will see it's more um uh ongoing investment program to strengthen our uh competitive mode as I shared earlier um and this will impact um on on the uh uh general growth as we invest. Your next question comes from Pa Chowry with HSBC. >> Yeah. Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Um, congratulations for great set of numbers. Uh, two questions. Firstly, uh, for shopppee logistics. Um, what percentage of orders are now fulfilled by XPX within Asia and Brazil? How has it changed over last one year or so? Um how much of increase in your cost of services is driven by this logistics investment and and the outlook for this cost item. Um that is first. Secondly on Garina can you share the outlook for freef fire for 2026 after you know successful 2025 any planned IP collaborations um any new game launches? Um thanks a lot >> on the uh FPS. Um I I do believe we shared before more than half our order delivered uh through our SDX and um the percentage has been increasing let's say overall uh over uh over the last year as we scale our networks um on our cost per order it has been continuing improving uh yeartoyear I think that's part of part of that contribute to uh our growth as well because this lower down um the cost buyer have to pay to receive the the orders. Um but on top of that I also want to highlight not only we try to uh not only we reduce the cost of our SPX uh delivery cost but we also increase the speed for our SPX cost. Uh for mentioned that in Brazil we reduce the uh by waiting time by two days if you look at the year to year. Um the uh in Asia we also reduce the delivery time quite meaningfully uh year-to-year quarter quarter as well. Um by both introducing the faster shipping channel um I if you look at uh many countries we have the instant delivery now we also have same day deliveries but also reducing the normal delivery um uh uh uh uh channels speed. Um I think this all helped to contribute to our growth uh as you see >> uh for the uh greener outlook and uh well we are we are very very excited uh to to observe the momentum. I think this is a uh it's ext extremely valuable uh like since the turn around like two years after the postcoid uh headwind and in the in the in 2024 we have a very very high growth and that is the strong momentum uh continuing to 2005 actually the growth is is even accelerated uh this year compared to compared to last year um so the momentum is still very very strong so we remain very optimistic and then the And the positive like for the like for the 2006 we believe the the user base will continue to grow. Uh the the the content that the offerings will will will be more like the the experience user experience will be more immersive and I think like specifically this year uh through the very very successful uh IP collaborations and I think Garina uh as organization we unlocked a very important capability. So how to continually work with the global IPs and deliver the best content very unique experience to our large user base right whatever we put on the platform put into the game like on a single day more than 100 million gamers from all over the world will going to be able to experience that it's a very very such very very powerful distribution uh platform distribution channels so we'll continue to work with more IPs but of course we'll be also very very selective as well and uh uh we're also quite excited uh to kind of see what like uh the AI can do. So in terms of the boosting the the product both the uh creative side, production side and also the user experience side. We think that is a potential uh boost for the for the uh future growth as well. Uh at this moment we are in the process of like a like for the detailed planning of of next year. I think probably we'll have a better sense. We're ready to share to the market what what will be uh the specific outlook we we we receive for Gina in 2026 uh next quarter. Um uh we always have some new games in our pipeline. We have a a very very strong and dedicated experienced the developers to specially focus on uh the new games and we have we have several games uh already in the in the pipeline or like in the in the in the in the some markets already live is in in the trial period where learning experiences and uh um at this moment I think it's be premature to project what is the impact I think considering the the size of the scale of a free in terms of the user base and revenue and perfect uh I don't think like at at this moment like even for have any new games uh at early stage we'll be make significant impact in terms of the in the user user numbers and the and the and the and and the revenue and financial side uh but we're going to continually to uh put a lot of effort and and I think through the new games development we also learn about the different generers and we also learn the different difference about some new market we haven't been to I think this remains as a a very very uh good opportunity for future growth. So when we have like when we feel is it's the right time to uh to to share. So we'll also keep all our uh shareholders and investors uh uh informed. >> Your next question comes from Gong Sha with Bararklays. >> Thank you very much for taking my questions. Um my my first question is on the VIP membership. Um I'm trying to get a better understanding of that program. Um that's clearly um a great thing to do uh longer term. I suspect in the near term I was wondering what's the unit economics look like uh for the members and uh uh what do you think the the eventual uh uh VIP member penetration uh should be uh in in in the region? Um so the reason I obviously asked that is because your gross margins for e-commerce came down a bit quarter over quarter. So I suspect it's kind of negative initially and is that a time frame to kind of reach break even for the members. Second question is about AI. Um I think um Forest recently did some media interviews talking about AI may may power the company to be one of the first trillion dollar company in the region. Um I was hoping you can talk about uh what are some of the things potentially uh you may do or you won't do uh because some investors are worried about some massive AI capex uh that may be affiliated associate with any kind of new venture. Thank you. >> Um on the VIP program we are still in a very early stage of rolling out the uh program. um as you probably can see it's only few months um but we see a very good growth um on the users sign ups um if you look at sort of quarter to quarter we see a 75% growth on the um uh members um in term of the um GMV penetrations we are still in the early stage we're still in the teams and we believe this can be a lot higher uh probably similar to um the percentage you observed in other part of the world in term of the uh penetration s um the the I think the important thing for for us to look at the unicomics is that um the the uh we would like to make sure the VIP uh uh members not only receive better benefit from the uh platform because they are paid members and they are the uh uh uh important uh core users. We also want to make sure that uh we work with our partners uh to bring the benefit to them as well. Uh if you look at Indonesia, we watch videos. Uh in Vienn, we work with um FTP plays, we also work with KGBT as well. Uh offer a free program to the VIP members. Uh I think all those will help us um to have a good economics for this program. Uh but you are right in the early days um it does require some sort of investment to bring the user over. Um one thing that we um monitor very closely is the retention rate. We would like to make sure that the user we bring to the program has good retentions. Um and uh in the in our early market we see the retention improve almost doubled um from the um uh uh last quarter um to this quarter period of time which is um a big breakthrough for us. uh given that in our market um credit card is not a common payment method and in many other uh market uh people use credit card to make sure that it's a a continuous payment. Um we are working um on multiple uh uh uh ways to ensure that the retention goes well um with the program well um especially together with our digital finance side through um especially. Sure. Uh uh John on the on the AI question. Yeah. I mean uh as I as I shared uh during the interview you mentioned we are deeply excited about the about this new technology. I think it's a represent a fundamental technological revolution and uh which will create massive new opportunities and supercharge technologies ability to unal unlock values for for for people everywhere. I think it's extremely uh exciting for the market we are in which still like uh millions of hundreds of millions of people uh is is underserved right and uh and we have seen that uplift uh in the past 10 years through the the the the mobile internet revolution and we we have observed and how that much that the the smartphone the the the the um the the the like a like a mobile internet uh transferred and the people's life how bring how much like a joy convenience to people's life and of course we we are we are part of this uh transformation and and that is what we are really uh as a company what is this is all about our mission we we try to focus on the applications and how to connect those like a fantastic technology uh to the like people's daily life uh every corner of the like from every corner of the And we believe like uh we'll see the some similar pattern of of AI revolution probably this we believe this impact and value creation will be much much bigger uh at this moment. Uh so we're like the things you mentioned okay we probably were not going to do what the the big tech is going to do. We're not going to like develop the trying to make some fundamental large language model breakthrough. We're not going to build data centers. I think like for that part we uh we are very much like uh open to work with all the like a big tech like like who are kind of a re we have a lot of ad admiration respect to how much effort and how much they can do to continually have the breakthrough of the techn technology and make technology more powerful and more useful and what we are going to more focus on applications and how that technology builds the Silicon Valley or anywhere in the world transform to a consumer's daily life a small businesses like in Indonesia in Vietnam in Brazil so that is a specially what we are good at and we have a lot of back practice we learned in the past decade and I think that is also kind of like make us really really excited so we're going to have a very very practical and the bottom up approach so as I and we are very much focused on the seeing the immediate uh the return the result as I shared in my uh opening right and uh we're very excited like to see some very practical use say uh in in Shopee right and how much this can help on the advertising conversion how to make the product discovery easier and and it's like like a like a more discovery and beyond traditional search right how to help sellers improve the product listing quality and uh and how to improve the the buyers retention and and the conversion And uh I think I probably shared uh in the previous order like like a quarter and also this is a we see the improvement in terms of the customer service capability and now majority of our customer service is a it's a it's a it's a handled by by AI like a chatbot and the satisfaction rate is a is a very very high. So that is the all the things like we have we have seen the result and the progress of bottom up we believe with the continuing improvement capability build uh enabled by the more advanced large language model and other uh other part of the AI development and there will be more and more things we can apply and into the day-to-day business and which make a positive impact uh into people's daily life. This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Miss Rebecca Lee for any closing remarks. >> Thank you all for joining today's call. We look forward to speaking to all of you again next quarter. >> The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.
