---
ticker: KVYO
type: youtube
title: "4 Stocks to Load Up on Before Earnings"
channel: "Couch Investor"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpkBLCyf4J0
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 19130
---

# 4 Stocks to Load Up on Before Earnings

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Couch Investor
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpkBLCyf4J0

## 转录全文

everyone and welcome back to another video for today. So, earning season is starting. We've already had a couple of big companies report, but in this video, let's talk about what are in my opinion four companies that are worth picking up before they report their quarterly figures. These four companies have seen their stock get hit a little bit or some of them quite aggressively over the last couple of weeks, but I still view them as excellent companies. Now, of course, as you know, when going into an earnings season, when going into an earnings report, you are playing a gamble because a company can report a good quarter and the stock can go down. The opposite can happen as well. Not such a great quarter, but since the stock has been hit so much, maybe it's better than feared, stock can go up. And so, over the next couple of weeks, we are going to have, of course, all of our favorite companies report their quarterly figures. We have SoFi and PayPal before they open on Tuesday, October 28th. Then we have a lot of the big tech companies, Meta, Microsoft, Alphabet, all of them after the close here, Wednesday, October 29. Then we've had Apple the day afterwards. The week after that, you have AMD, Robin Hood, Uber, and all of the rest. So, in today's video, let's touch on the following four. Marcado, Libra, Transmetics, Google, and the Local. And I will share a little bit more towards the end of the video some other names that might be of course interesting to look at before they report their quarterly figures. And so if you enjoy this type of videos, hit all the buttons. Would really appreciate that. Support me even further. Do check out the link down in the description and in the pin comment to the top 10 best stocks to buy now or go to full.com/cotchinvestor. Thank you very much. And of course a special thanks to fiscal.ai for sponsoring this video. You know fiscal.ai is previously Finch stock research platform. We use it every single day. Show us in every single video as well. And especially during the earning season, they are updating the numbers at record speed. So if you like it, you can try it out. New users can actually get two weeks of fiscal pro for free if you use the link. And if you want, if you really love it, you get 15% off. Everything that I'll show you in this video is coming from this platform right here. And so Marcado Libre, Marcado Libre is a company that has done quite well over the last 5 years. Has of course underperformed the market, but it's still up 61%. Year to date, we're now only up 19.9%, let's call it 20%, but you can clearly see that the stock is experiencing a draw down of also 19% from its peak. It's a company worth $110 billion or so. Yes, PE wise it's not the cheapest one out there, but then again these types of companies you or me personally I'm willing to pay the premium. It's a company with very very nice margins here. Now the reasons why the stock has taken a hit is because of some well more specifically the Argentinian economy and then also the threat of let's say an Amazon coming into well not coming Amazon has been trying to well dominate the Brazilian market for quite a long time. They've entered that market I believe in 2012, but now they're offering things for free and so it might put some margin pressure on Marcado Libre. Although Marcado Libre previously told us, this was at the start of September that they reiterate their commitment to a long-term value creation strategy prioritizing growth opportunities over short-term margin optimization. While not in an investment cycle like 2027, the company will continue to invest aggressively. across its commerce, fintech, and advertising segments. It's something that we've seen in the past, and I'm not that worried at all. Actually, with advertising, the advertising business is now at over a billion dollars and that's growing 38% yearover-year. Now, with regards to what the analysts are expecting this company to report, the market is looking at a revenue of around $7.2 to a billion dollars and an earnings per share of around $11.31. Now, going back to the, let's say, worries of the market, of course, again, I still think that we're going to see margins under pressure, but it's all part of their plan. I still view this as an excellent business with great great leadership. Now, I've shown you this is another video. App engagement, daily to monthly active users. Look at who's here at the top. That's Marcado Libre. Then you've got Amazon, AliExpress, Sheen, Liverpool, Teimu, Walmart, de Mexico. But here you can clearly see Marcado Libre sits comfortably at number one here as well. App traffic, monthly active users. Marcado Libroy over the last 3 years has gone up. Amazon has stayed flat. Timu has had an insane rise, but more recently it has come down. Same with Sheen. AliExpress has seen a rise over the last three years, but recently didn't really move that much. But it's quite clear who's the leader right here. That's Marcado Libé. And Melly will report its quarterly figures also Wednesday, October 29. That is that's the date that I saw. Now, this is basically what has happened with the business over the last 10 years. Compound annual growth rate 41 42% or so over the next coming fiscal years. Growth is expected to decelerate quite rapidly according to the current estimates. is still quite nice and I think it could be revised on the way up. If you look at EPS that is still expected to grow faster than revenue for fiscal 26 49% year-over-year growth then another 35% year-over-year growth in fiscal 27. Yes, $90 earnings per share here. Again, that can change if we do have a stock split. Then of course the two business segments, you have commerce and you have fintech. Both of those have been growing above 50% keer for the last 5 to 6 years or so. It's it's insane the company at this scale growing this rapidly. Now you start to understand why why people are willing to pay a premium for it. Marcado Libre is in my opinion a company worth picking up every time we see weakness. And as you can see since here June 2022 we've seen the stock go up over a longterm period but we've seen also the stock dip. And every time it dipped, it does stay above that uptrend line. Right now, we are quite close to it. We are of course under the 200 day moving average just like we've been before, but so far it does respect that uptrend line. Every time we've seen weakness in the past, it has been a good strategy to pick more shares of Marcado Libé. Switching to the other South American company, that's the local. We're still here at around $15 per share. This company worth around $4 billion here. The PE is definitely quite low for a company like this. Growing at this pace in my opinion is quite cheap. Nice margin profile. Year-to- date stock is up 28.3%. Over the last 12 months, it's up almost 70%. But as you will see, over the past 3 years, stock is still down 27%. Over the past 5 years, it's still down 53.8% 8% because yes in this case we have seen super super high prices back in 2021 when everything was trading at 100 times sales and 100 plus PE but DLO in my opinion is still an undervalued company here and we are lower than where we were 3 months ago when we've had a post earnings jump in stock price because because the earnings report was quite a good one here as well we've got some more comments from the last analyst conference here at the start of September. The company had a very good second quarter leading to race guidance. Africa and the Middle East Asia now represent nearly a quarter of the business and are growing significantly faster than Latin America contributing to higher take rates and reduce market dependency. Of course, that can also play a part in the whole FX story. As for TPV, they expect TPV growth that will be consistently offsetting take rate compression leading to accelerating gross profit dollar growth, which is also something that they've been telling us for the last couple of quarters. All in all, what we've seen with the local is exactly what you want to see with every small company about small company that's growing quite quickly and becoming more and more profitable. See revenue go up and to the right still at a rapid pace. Gross profit margin in this case, yes, has been declining a little bit, but gross profit dollars have been increasing. Previously, we've had both of them declining, which is why the stock did take a big hit. All in all, you can see where they generate the majority of their revenue right now. That is still Latin America. Non-Latin American is still that here small blue bar. Then net retention, right? Net revenue retention rate, we've seen it go up. It bottomed here at 100% June quarter of 2024. Then 110, 106, 113. Last quarter we jumped to 145%. As for TPV, this is basically what they said, TPV growth. I mean last quarter increase 52.6%. That's three consecutive quarters of above 50% yearover-year growth. And then with regards to EPS, I mean $4 billion in market cap, profitable, growing quickly. You look at EPS, you look at operating income and what it's expected to do over the next couple of years. To me, this is again a no-brainer. If we look at the stock right now, we can see that 3 months ago stock jumped after a very very good earnings beat. Then the stock dropped again. Seems like around 16 $16.5 is where the resistance has been. Although the 50-day moving average here has been respected, we did drop under it for a day or two and then we rebounded on top of it as well. So, in my opinion here, as long as it stays in these areas right here, currently expectations are for it to report earnings November 12th. My opinion, yes, it is a good for me strategy to load up before the upcoming earnings results. Moving on to the third choice, and that's of course probably also an easy one to make, and that's Google Alphabet. Yes, this one has been performing extremely well, especially this year, especially since the April lows. This is a company worth close to $3 trillion right now. But even with that, even with that, in my opinion, it is one of the better names to pick from the magnificent seven companies. The other one is probably Amazon, which I do have a video on on the channel before, the earnings report. I also did a pre- earnings video already on Alphabet, so I'll just go over it quite quickly right now. But Alphabet, I do think especially with the cloud business is going to surprise the market. Yet again, all things indicate that the cloud business is going to grow quite rapidly for the foreseeable future. We've had a recent report that Entropic might actually go with a Google cloud in the deal worth tens of billions of dollars. Of course, Alphabet and Amazon are investors in Entropic. On that day, Amazon did dip a little bit because well, maybe the market was thinking, oh, they're going with Google because they didn't like Amazon. But what I've seen is that they're already using Amazon and Tranium. So maybe right now they're just trying to diversify. But here, Google, especially Google Cloud business. This is going to be a hundred billion dollar business in the making in the next two years or so. This is the underrated part of the thesis. This is one where the business grows quite rapidly. You have here margins that keep climbing up. Last quarter that was 20.7% operating income for that business of course also continues to become a bigger and bigger chunk of the overall revenue. And then this is my favorite part right here cuz everybody of course for good reasons is always mentioning okay the search business makes up the majority of the revenue of the company. And with it maybe coming under pressure because of well Chad GPT perplexity Gemini well what happens when maybe couple of years down the line that business does take a big hit well luckily for us we've seen that search as a total of the overall revenue for Alphabet has peaked at around 58.1% in June 2022. Since then it has dropped to 56.1% still the majority of the revenue but we've seen that all the rest of the business is becoming a bigger and bigger chunk of the revenue which is exactly what you want to see. You want to see this continue to go down and this continue to go up to have a more diversified uh business. I still believe that search is going to be still a great business for the company for many many years uh to come. What we've also seen from similar web here is the generative AI traffic share. This doesn't include AI overviews. This doesn't include AI mode. Over a 12-month period, Gemini has doubled their share. Of course, the majority of it is still going to OpenAI, but Gemini here has doubled its share. Again, not including AI overviews or AI mode. And I do expect this to continue. And we haven't even seen a Gemini 3. And so to me with Google, it is an easy and safe bet to make before they report earnings again Wednesday, October 29th along with Microsoft and Meta and Ricardo Libre and plenty of other companies. They all decided to report on the same day. It's not that great for us to cover it, but okay, this again is one where yes, it has gone up significantly as you can see from the dip right here, but a business is becoming in my opinion better and better. And yes, in an environment, let's say, where a lot of the speculative names are getting crushed a little bit, I do think that this highquality business is still fairly valued. Lastly, moving on to a name that I didn't cover for quite a while, although I did hold this company before, I still expected to do quite well. It's a company that, yes, more recently, especially year to date, it has done extremely well. It's up 87.3%. It's experiencing still right now a small draw down although previously it has been pushed down around 27.3% and that's transmedics. Transmit is also a small company around $4 billion or so. Margin-wise, it's okay. PE-wise, you might say it is too expensive, but then again, it is expected to grow earnings quite rapidly over the next two years compounded. That is, if you look at what the market is expecting this company to do, we look at revenue. Revenue is expected to be down quarter over quarter. Seasonally weakish quarter is something that they've told us already before. expected to become here at $144.7 million and EPS at around 35. Again, this is something that they told us in a previous conference and in the previous earnings as well that Q3 is a little bit uh weaker. As we can see right here, Transmetics is committed to its existing guidance for a current year which was raised by the way anticipating that Q3 seasonality will be a transient impact. The company plans to introduce a next generation OCS kidney device for clinical implementation by early 2027. This is a company again that was beaten down previously because well the market thought oh some trends were not going in the right direction etc etc but the results speak for themselves. And as you can see right here these were the Q2 results and the year-to-ate results as well. Total revenue up 37.7%. You see it being well divided between liver, heart and lung. Lung was down 2.5%. All in all, gross profit up 39.5%, gross margins up.8 percentage points. Net income was up 186.3% with EPS growing close to 180% there as well. We've seen what this company can do revenue-wise, growing quite rapidly. still expected to grow fast over the next coming fiscal years based on the current expectations. It's still a high growth uh business. Yes, this is basically what has happened, right? If you remember a couple of quarters ago, it was the first time I think ever or in a very very long time where revenue quarter over quarter uh declined and everyone was panicking here stock crashed completely. But they explained again seasonality one-time thing and that's exactly what has happened because since then revenue has gone up every single quarter although the expectations are that Q3 are expected to be a bit lower. Although I do also think that they are going to beat their own estimates. As for free cash flow margin, we can see this going from very very negative to now positive but a tiny bit 3.3% over the last 12 months and gross profit margin is still around 60% although it did come down a little bit but that's purely because revenue is growing faster than gross profit. Looking at another impressive chart here and that's the operating margin over the last 12 months. You can see it go from back in Q4 2021 negative 130 to now 14.4% 4% and that of course has been improving each and every quarter for the last well for the last four years. Looking at the charts right now there is a downtrend that started back here August 2024 tried to go above it back here in June 2025 didn't manage. Right now it seems like it is trying to make its way uh back to that downtrend line and maybe it will break it after the next earnings report. It did drop under the 50-day moving average, but it did recover quite aggressively actually over the last week. This is exactly what you want to see some strength in the stock going into the next earnings report. Now, as I said, there are some other names maybe that we can cover in this video right now. So, going into the earnings report, of course, we've had high-flying names like Nebus, Iron, Core, and all of that take a little dip or maybe a bigger than little uh hit more recently, but I'm not going to cover uh those right now. Of course, I can talk every single day about PayPal. I think PayPal fits the bill here as well. Going into the earnings report, super cheap in my opinion with SoFi, same thing here as well. I think especially with lending club reporting. Lending club reported quite good numbers which bodess well for SoFi next week. Some of the other names an Oscar Oscar got hit because Molina Healthcare reported not that great of an earnings report. Both of them do operate or has exposure of course to the ACA marketplace. Molina a bad report. That thing was down 19 to 20% or so at the time of filming. Oscar is down 7% but as I've said on X and in the community post Oscar told us early September that things are looking better than feared. So here again Oscar I do think going into the earnings report could be a good option. We also have here a nice little rebound so far on top of that 50-day uh moving average. Dualingo is another well battlefield type of a name right now. Some people love it, some people hate it. I think they'll prove it yet again that it is quite a good company and then I can continue. Amazon is definitely a name I would pick up before the upcoming earnings report. Maybe I'll do a video about some of the names where I think that are maybe a bit overextended where you might not want to add before the earnings. But here are some of the names. Shift for a rubric of course fits the bill here as well. But all in all, that's about it. Let me know what you been buying before the earnings season starts. Let me know down in the comment section below. Check out fiscal.ai to get 15% off. And I'll see you all in the next one. Bye-bye. [Music]
