---
ticker: KVYO
type: youtube
title: "This 1 Stock is The STEAL of a Century"
channel: "Let's Talk Money! with Joseph Hogue, CFA"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mqry7_gnmSk
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 19826
---

# This 1 Stock is The STEAL of a Century

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Let's Talk Money! with Joseph Hogue, CFA
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mqry7_gnmSk

## 转录全文

Hey Bowtie Nation, Joseph Hogue here with a very important update video to the some of the stocks we're buying here on the channel. The last time I recommended quantum computing stocks was in April 30th, outlining the five stocks to buy in this trillion-dollar theme. Since then, the five stocks are up an average 165% with QBTS up 255% or three and a half times your money in just that five months. But, it does seem like the air is coming out of some of these prices with the stocks down on average over the last week and heavyweight IonQ approaching bear market territory. So, I wanted to update you on this theme, these quantum computing stocks, explain why this is a second opportunity to buy and and add one sleeper stock that nobody is watching. We're going to start here with quantum computing ticker QUBT, one of the smaller stocks in the space up 173% since that April video, but down hard on recent news of a $500 million share sale plan for funding. Now, the company issued almost 27 million shares through private to support the cash flow and growth. A big problem that we'll find in all of these stocks, these quantum computing stocks, that constant need to raise cash flow to be able to support that growth. Now, QUBT is the smallest company in the space at about $3.8 billion market cap and just $373,000 in revenue that last year. That's thousands, not millions. $373,000 in revenue. The company is developing quantum through photonics, which offer room temperature stability and easier transmission, but lower fidelity than some of the other modalities like superconducting and trapped ions that we'll see in these other stocks. It's all very physics nerd, but the idea is that QUBT can develop this system easier than some of these others because those photonics are more stable than the others. For each of these stocks, we'll look through the revenue estimates as well as the cash flow and valuation [clears throat] to kind of get a feel for where these are trading at as far as growth and valuation. For QUBT, we do see extremely weak revenue growth this year of just 10% and on only two analysts a forecast here. That is something of red flag, only two or three analysts forecast. You always have to take these estimates with a grain of salt there and I always am a little skeptical of these huge jumps in forecast for the future, okay? So, why is the company booking just 10% sales growth this year, but expected to four times that or five times that next year to $2 million? You do see the lumpy revenue growth with these companies, with these very early stage technological advanced companies, where they'll book one a big a major contract in one year and then nothing the next and then they have to wait till that next major contract to book a big revenue growth, but you do like to see a little bit more consistency than this. Now, the cash flow statement here is where you want to spend most of your time analyzing these early technological advances types of companies, right? These these companies like quantum computing, where you see a major outflows of cash, a cash burn every single year before they they really hit into those revenues. That's why you see these these share sales. That's why you see these convertible debt offerings, where they have to raise money every year. Now, the market always seems to be act surprised and send these stocks down double digits when they do raise those raise that funding, like we saw with that $500 million share sale for QUBT. It is not a surprise though, if you're looking here in the cash flow statement. You see that over the last 12 months, this TTM, QUBT had operating cash flow of negative $18 million. Then, it invested another $6 million into the company, into that research and development, into developing that quantum technology. That means it had free cash flow of negative $25 million, okay? That necessitated this $371 million in cash raised from financing, partly from that share sale, partly from other share sales and convertible debt, things like that. It now has $348 million in balance sheet cash, so cash on hand to pay for that negative free cash flow, to pay for the cash outflows before the company can get up to speed and get those revenues really coming in. So, right now, I would say QUBT is probably in a pretty good position not to have to raise debt or not to have to uh you know, raise sell more shares to pay for that funding. It's in a good position now after already selling that $500 million in shares to plan for that funding. But, then valuation is the real problem here with all of these quantum computing stocks, but especially with QUBT and we see here a price to sales ratio, okay? So, how much are investors paying that price that market cap divided by the sales of the company, 9,000 times, okay? Most most of these most tech stocks you'll see maybe as high as 10 or 20 times price to sales. That means $10 or $20 for every dollar in sales generated by the company. Investors right now are paying $9,000 for every dollar in sales generated by QUBT, okay? So, that is a major problem even with the forecasted 400% growth in revenue next year. That does not help this valuation much. That brings it down by, you know, a factor of four, but it's still extremely high. Going to be much more expensive than any of these other stocks in this group. I'd say QUBT, although it does have a good cash flow position here, probably the weakest of the group. Moving on here to D-Wave Quantum ticker QBTS, up almost 255% since that April video, the strongest return and really the strongest revenue growth of the group, passing others in the space. And this is from its differentiating focus on quantum annealing to solve those optimization problems. And the Advantage system has demonstrated strong use cases, simulating magnetic materials in minutes and it's developing customer applications very quickly. Looking into the revenue forecast for D-Wave QBTS, we do see much stronger revenue growth expected this year, 178% growth to $24 million from just $8.8 million last year. That really puts it ahead of a lot of these other companies in terms of not just revenue growth, but absolute revenue as well, $24 million and it's on 10 analyst forecasts, okay? So, much more confidence than we saw with QUBT, with just two or three analysts really forecasting or analyzing that stock. Got a little bit more confidence in this number, $24 million sales forecasted for this year, 38 million next year. Not quite the the 178% growth, but 55% sales growth is still very strong for on a per year basis. Here we are in the cash flow statement for D-Wave QBTS, one of the more solid cash flow statements among the group, still deeply negative, but with a strong cash position, $53 million in negative free cash flow. That's the operating cash flow plus the the cash flow that or the cash that the company spent in investing, that R&amp;D, other investments it made over the last year. So, $53 million cash burn each year, but it does have $818 million in in ending cash, this cash position at the end of the year. So, it is very strong, very well funded, $829 million in in financing cash flow last year. So, it also raised some money through convertible debt and through a share sale. That's probably over for for the rest of the year. So, no more big surprises in these cash flow needs with plenty of cash to pay for its operations over the next year. And here in these valuation metrics, still extremely high, extremely expensive stock here at 307 times price to sales. So, investors paying $307 for every dollar generated in sales for the company. No PE ratios here because of of course it is still still in the negative as far as earnings, but 307 times price to sales when you consider even some of the high-flying even some of the high-flying AI stocks, okay? We say Palantir is extremely expensive at 100 times plus on its price to sales. Here we have 307 times price to sales ratio, but still quite a bit lower than we saw with QUBT. It does have better survivability here, I think, and much better revenue growth. So, I like this one over QUBT, but it's not the best one in the group. And I'll show you that top pick next, but first, I'm excited to announce your chance to get a share of the monthly revenue generated by this channel. Starting last week through the Gigastar platform, I'm offering 15% the channel revenue to investors. Now, this is your third and last investment round that we'll do before the secondary market opens later this year. Almost 700 investors joined us over the last two rounds to get a piece of the channel revenue. And I've collected over $48,000 in distributions over the last two years. Last year, we raised $123,000 for channel growth and those investors have made over $20,500 in distributions, almost a 17% cash return. In fact, the channel revenue has grown to over 120,000 over the last year, nearly double the revenue over the year before. And I've got some great ideas on how we can take it even higher. More than that though, investors receive special access to perks, access to our private Discord channel, investor-only live streams, and all new video courses absolutely free. And this investment offer is only open for the next few weeks, but don't wait because those diamond tier shares that come with the free courses have sold out within hours in the last rounds. Now, I'm going to leave a link to the Gigastar platform in the description. Click through, you'll be able to see details, ask questions, as well as see the official documents I filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the SEC, for this investment offer. Now, a note here though, if you do have a question, please go to the Q&amp;A tab on the offer page, ask it there because of SEC regulations, I can't answer questions about the offer in comments to a YouTube video here, okay? So, use the link below, click through on that offer page and ask your question there. Back to our list though, and IonQ ticker IONQ is only up 134% return since that April video, but is my top pick among these pure-play quantum stocks on its size and its scale. Now, stick around and I'm going to reveal a sleeper stock nobody is watching right now that could dominate in quantum. Now, for its part, IonQ has the size and really first-mover advantage here with more than a decade in development from hardware to commercial partnerships and applications. It's trapped ion technology offers higher qubit fidelity and connectivity than that photonics modality. The company has proven its technology through several partnerships with drug makers, auto makers and the military. Now folks, nobody knows which modality that superconducting trapped ion or photonics is going to win out or is going to be the most effective in the quantum race, but IonQ does have a significant technological edge right now over its peers which is translated into better solution quality in solving optimization problems and these other quantum benchmarks. And part of the reason why I like IonQ here, it has more than three times the revenue of any of these other pure play competitors and very very solid growth. Here we see analyst forecast, eight analysts forecasting 112% revenue growth this year from 43 million to 91 million, forecasting another 87% to 171 million next year and I like that consistency. Okay, I like that that IonQ is able to manage its contracts, manage its revenue contracts and its revenue reporting so that we don't see these big jumps like 9% one year and 180% to the next, okay? Now the problem here with IonQ and why I think you wait to buy in on shares here is a worsening free cash flow as it spends more and it's likely going to need that capital raise on its 159 million dollars in negative free cash flow over the last year. Okay, it's just got 143 million dollars in ending cash. That is not going to be enough to fund fund itself through the next year. So this company is going to be announcing one of those share sales or one of those convertible debt offerings very soon. That's going to hit the hit the stock. Again, I don't know why investors are are so surprised at these share sales, at these convertible net note fundings when they look at the cash flow statements of these companies. It is obvious these companies need more funding. They're not getting it obviously through negative operating cash flow. They're burning through cash till they meet that technological um that technological level where they're bringing in enough revenue, converting that into into operating cash flow. So this is one that I would wait for a little while. A drop in the shares when it announces either that convertible debt or the share sale. Here in the valuation measures, we see that same price to sales valuation that we saw with D-Wave about almost 300 times on a price to sales ratio, 292 times price to sales. We will see that come down a little bit with the with the revenue growth next year. So that will improve, but what I want to do again, I want to wait for that drop in the shares when it announces its funding. It's going to be a lot better price, a lot better price to sales valuation at that point. I do like this as one of the best pure play quantum stocks on that size and tech advantages, but I would wait to uh pick up more shares here at this point. And last of the pure play quantum stocks before we get to that sleeper stock that nobody is watching yet just yet, Rigetti Computing, ticker RGTI, a strong runner-up to IonQ. I probably like this second on the list of pure play quantum stocks up 224% since April's video. Rigetti is developing in the superconducting mode for quantum development which is the most popular because it's potential for for higher qubit count, higher fidelity and faster gate speed. And that is a big plus, but the near absolute zero temperature needed here requires complex cryogenic infrastructure. So it is much more expensive, much more complicated to develop. The company has lined up some strong backers and partnerships though including a recent contract with the Air Force, a technology proving partnership with the DOD DARPA and a five-year partnership with Quanta. Here in the revenue forecast for Rigetti, we do see that lumpy nature of revenue for these companies, seven analysts expecting revenue to drop by 24% on average this year to just 8.1 million dollars. It's about from 10.8 million dollars last year. And while these early space technologies, they do have that lumpy lumpy nature of revenue with these contracts, you would expect it to at least grow revenue, okay? This negative 24% revenue growth this year does tell me that some of those contracts are falling off and not being renewed or the company isn't able to uh sell into other partnerships and other contracts. So that is very uh very worrisome here for Rigetti. We do see 160% revenue growth expected next year to 21 million, but again, a little skeptical always of those big jumps in revenue growth. These analyst forecasts can be way off and can really be modeling in pie in the sky [clears throat] estimates for new contracts. Here in the cash flow statement with just $57 million in cash ending cash position here, just 57 million against a 65 million dollar cash burn, that free cash flow. We are likely to see a more funding needed very soon for this company. It did raise over 500 million dollars in share sale and convertible debt last year. That took the shares down on that news. I think we see that again very soon here with another funding round because it needs it. It cannot pay it cannot pay its operations through just this ending cash. Here we see the valuation here is almost as bad as QUBT but could improve as they meet that next year's growth target, 981 times on a price to sales basis. Again, I do expect that to come down quite a bit when they raise that new funding here over the next few months. That's going to bring the stock price down. That's going to be your time to buy in on this stock, but not quite yet. But now the sleeper stock, the stock nobody is watching in quantum, but could have an ace up its sleeve and become the player in the theme. International Business Machines, ticker IBM. The Wall Street Journal reported last month that IBM is in the lead to build the world's first viable quantum computer and researchers at the company believe significant revenue is coming within five years. It's already inked a partnership with AMD to develop a quantum-centric supercomputer and has the advantage of its own microchip fabrication, something that very few other US companies have. IBM has already proven its algorithm by predicting bond trading order completion with a 34% reduction in errors. I want to start with cash flow here because this is where you really see the advantage this company has over those pure play quantum stocks. And besides the 114 years of institutional knowledge and that chip fabrication that IBM has, the company's biggest advantage over over those pure play quantum stocks is cash, mountains of it. The company generates over 11 billion dollars in free cash flow each year which means it has all the funding it needs to throw money at that quantum problem with without diluting shareholders with the share sales or with the convertible debt notes. And it's here in the valuation statistics that we see it's also much much cheaper at just four times on a price to sales basis which is basically a steal on its AI and other growth operations with that quantum news basically given away for free. Here we see trading at just four times on a price to sales basis, okay? Four times versus some of these other stocks we saw 9,000 times, 1,000 times, even the value stocks in quantum stocks were trading at 300 times price to sales. But then of course, the downside is that even on that quantum advantage, it might not produce the kind of return that these super small companies can do, okay? IBM isn't going to go up 255% like some of these other companies can. It's just got 6% revenue growth this year and 4% expected next. IBM needs a big breakthrough to move an almost 300 billion dollar company. So here you're going to be trading more certainty and safety for a lower but still potentially very good return. I say if it does take that quantum leap and have some of those significant revenues from quantum computing, you could see this revenue grow to 10, 20%, even higher, 20% a year which would take the stock booming higher two, three times, but you would probably would still not see that year-over-year return that you see in some of these other stocks. So nation, as that hype does come out of the some of these quantum computing stocks, it can be the best time to buy back into these emerging technologies. You know, quantum computing is still five years out from viable commercial revenues. Hell, we're still trying to figure out AI let alone quant, but this will be the next big leap, the next big technological leap and you want to start building your position before that happens. Now again, on some of these, you watch the cash flow statement. I would wait for some of these to issue those shares, to issue those convertible net offerings, see those prices come down and then take that advantage of that sell-off to to buy back more into the stocks, but I think a lot of these are stocks you can build up pick up every month to build your position into that advance. Click through below and get your share of the revenue from this channel. Look for the link to Giga Star Markets and invest in the Let's Talk Money channel to get monthly payouts and join over 700 investors in the channel. Don't forget to join the Let's Talk Money community by tapping that subscribe button and clicking the bell notification.
