---
ticker: KVYO
type: youtube
title: "How Klaviyo Grew to $10B Public Company with Burning only $15M? | Co-Founder Klaviyo Andrew Bialecki"
channel: "Startup Project — AI Startups w/ PMF"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIYx-xvmPio
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 63898
---

# How Klaviyo Grew to $10B Public Company with Burning only $15M? | Co-Founder Klaviyo Andrew Bialecki

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Startup Project — AI Startups w/ PMF
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIYx-xvmPio

## 转录全文

I think you first have to explain the name. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; Now we can pronounce correctly. &gt;&gt; I think all great companies are made up of two things. Thankful for the 1500 clavios around the world, 130,000 customers that have bet on us. &gt;&gt; I remember calling my co-founder after that and saying, "Hey, Ed, I think we're on to something here." &gt;&gt; One of the headlines that really stuck to me when Craio went public was how capital efficient you were. you raised around $400 plus million dollars, but you only spent like a fraction of it by the time you went public, which seems to be a little bit of a rare thing uh in startups these days. &gt;&gt; My advice to any founders is always I think you should try to delay fundraising as much as you can. And the other thing is we never celebrated you know how many people worked at Claio. I think a lot of other companies say wow it's impossible. AI is just going to change a lot of workflows. You know there's really interesting charts they said okay let's look at internet usage and how much of it is coming from desktop. we think like traditional desktop versus mobile. And if you look at those graphs, something really interesting is it wasn't that desktop usage, you know, went away. It really that was that mobile usage exploded. &gt;&gt; AI is sort of like opened up and you sort of 10x the amount of automation that you could do as an individual. You can do so many things with just one person uh because of so many tools or you can just become so much more powerful than you ever were. How do I automate things? For some use cases, it can just do the entire process of marketing for you. So this chat agent put on your website. Customers were conversing with it. Not just about, you know, which swimsuits to buy, but literally having conversations about how to plan a great vacation. What swimwear do you think I should buy? And by the way, here's a couple of locations I'm going. &gt;&gt; You can almost see that the customer don't doesn't actually have to come up with ideas. And preview AI will come up with those ideas. &gt;&gt; I remember talking to that business. and they said, "Oh man, if you do that, we'll triple the amount we spend with you." &gt;&gt; Hello everyone. Welcome to Startup Project. Uh today we have an incredible guest uh who's not only built a multi-billion dollar company uh but also fundamentally reshaped how businesses will connect to their customers. Uh my guest is Andrew Bleki, co-founder and CEO of Claio uh AI first CRM platform that has become indispensable for B2C brands worldwide. Uh whether it's Liquid Death or Skins or Mattel all use Claio uh to stay in touch with their customers and market to their customers. Cle initially started as an email marketing company in 2013 uh and later integrated advanced marketing attribution optimization SMS marketing and recently cutting edge AI capabilities uh with the launch of Claio AI. Claio's impact has been undeniable. They are a public company uh was around $9 billion about 180,000 brands globally used them uh as of Q3 2025. They did an impressive uh $300 million in revenue and expected to reach uh $1.2 $.2 billion in revenue for this fiscal year. Um, and have a impressive 32% year-over-year growth rate. So, we'll talk about, you know, Andrew's an entrepreneur journey, the decisions that changed Gail's growth trajectory, his perspectives on the evolving landscape of data and AI, and how they're approaching building products uh using AI. Uh, so get ready for an interesting and high value conversation. Andrew, welcome to the show. &gt;&gt; Yeah, thanks for having me. Uh so I want to set the stage for the audience. Uh anyone who is in e-commerce or anyone who is selling something on the internet I think is familiar with Claio. Uh but uh if the audience is not familiar with Claio, can you just give a brief description of what Clavio does and uh you know what are the products that you have? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Well, that was it was a good um description up front. So uh man, so we started Clio 13 years ago and uh our our dream was whether you were an entrepreneur just starting out uh or you were an iconic you know multinational business, we felt like you ought to be able to take treat every single one of your customers like they were the most important only customer in the world. And you know, we found that like a lot of businesses when they really want to deliver an exceptional experience, like just a stunning um customer experience, they really relied on people to do that. And our feeling was is like, well, in the future, it's going to be less, you know, like white glove through, you know, you or I getting on the phone with somebody, and it's going to be much more delivered through software. Um, I think that's probably a take that's uh I don't know, I guess feels like it's aging pretty well given all the stuff that's uh, you know, happening with AI and LLMs these days. Um, but anyways, we wanted to make that possible. And, uh, so we actually started out as a, you know, as a a database business. Um, you know, because we felt like, well, if you're going to do that, then you're going to have to replicate the way a human thinks and stores information. And then we actually after we built that kind of brain this kind of like uh you know very low latency uh you know database but could that could handle some like deep analytical queries. Um you know we gave that to a bunch of customers and uh they you know they said okay this is awesome and we asked them like what they were hooking it up to or what they were doing with the results and a lot of them said hey we're plugging that into our marketing system. Uh and so we actually for a while trust tried to partner up with a bunch of those other marketing um you know softwares platforms and then we just pretty quickly realized that you know it's a little bit like uh you know if you took a human brain and you sort of like without being connected to like I don't know some arms legs like a voice is like just actually not that useful. We realized it was actually pretty hard to integrate this with some of the older tech that was out there. And that got us into marketing like you mentioned. And then this past you know couple months ago we expanded the surfaces as we say um that Clavio supports to go from marketing to now uh customer service. we have our customer agent and as well extend onto people's websites and their mobile apps um with our customer hub product and uh yeah I mean ultimately for the 180,000 brands that we serve our goal is that if you want to you know treat every single one of your customers like the only one that matters and you want to be yourself as an entrepreneur or like at that business your best you know sales rep product expert um you can do that at scale and you can do all that through technology. what was that um maybe initially like what was that uh year or moment when you felt like okay we've hit some kind of product market fit here? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So um well I knew we were on the right track when you know so we started out and I had this experience um before Clavio where I had all these little side projects and uh you know I remember building this uh race search engine like road race search engine because I ran a lot of like 5ks and half marathons and things like that and I remember you know I would you know the business there was like I was go talk to these race organizers right and I' I'd keep I'd pitch you know this like search engine that we built and I remember doing that over and over and over again. I was like, "Man, this is really repetitive. It'd be awesome if there was like software that could do this for me, but do it the same way I was doing. Same enthusiasm, right? The same like uh, you know, level of depth of like what a product could do." Um, and so anyways, we built this. I remember our one of our first customer was this uh habedasherie. So, for folks who don't know, habedasher means they they make, you know, kind of these bespoke, you know, customtailored suits. Um, you know, in their case, most of their clientele was men, but some women as well. And uh I remember talking to that business and they were like, "Yeah, yeah, this personal touch really matters." And we had built this kind of database engine that just knew everything about every single one of those um that um uh that uh customer, that business's clientele. And I remember talking to them and saying like, you know, hey, we're thinking about getting into uh marketing and messaging and not just being this database and source for analytics. What do you think? and they said,"Oh man, if you do that, we'll triple the amount we spend with you." And I remember calling my co-founder after that and saying, "Hey, Ed, I think we're on to something here." Like this idea of being the, you know, the brain of a business and being the way that they actually like talk to their customers like, you know, for this for this company that really really cared about every little detail of the customer experience. Um, you know, that's I think when we knew we were on to something. I think after that, you know, I had a friend probably maybe six months after that that had um you know, had just started his own business uh and he was selling uh you know, quilts um you know, selling quilts online doing e-commerce and he had just spun up. He's like, "Hey, there's this thing called Shopify. Have you ever heard of it?" And I said, "No." But I looked at it. I was like, "Huh?" I was really impressed by, you know, their APIs and the product itself. I said, "Hey, you know, I think we could probably integrate with this both to like kind of, you know, be this, you know, like pull in all this information into our kind of brain that we built." Um, and then also to like, you know, integrate, you know, onto their, you know, website. Um, and uh, help helped talk off them. And anyways, I remember he's like, "Yeah, I would use Clavio if you guys uh could support them." And man, I remember we built that, you know, we we were connecting with a lot of different SAS products um in like 2012, 2013, but I remember that just took off like crazy within like, you know, 6 months, 12 months and then we're like, okay, I think we'd found you know, this really good use case um in uh retail and commerce and that became uh you know kind of where we started. &gt;&gt; Were you an app on Shopify marketplace at that point of time or how did the integration look like at that point of time? Yeah, it's one of the really interesting things like I you know I know um you know this this idea that platforms have kind of an app store you know a little bit modeled off off of Apple and I remember you know uh Toby and the Shopify team were really early into thinking about this like the funny part was I don't think it was I mean they might have called it an app store but it was I mean there weren't you know [snorts] hundreds of you know um apps or integrations in there at the time um and so one of the things actually I we're very strong believers about when you're building a business is we we um really like this uh partner model of uh you know how do how do customers find you and we have this we have this thesis that hey look there's really like three things that you should aim at uh if you want to get discovered so or three ways to think about like you know nomally like marketing and doing demand generation um and those three are like peers so like word of mouth like you want people to talk about you so if your product's so good that people are like our our limit test was always like hey if people are at like a cocktail party or they're hanging hang out with their friends and you know maybe they all do something similar and somebody says oh hey like what's interesting you want to build products that are so good people just can't help but talk about right um so you know rely on like word of mouth and peers and then um you know partners for us uh you know we work with uh over 3,000 you know marketing agencies and we kind of felt like they were the experts everybody's turning to so if they were recommending us was great and then the third was platforms and um you know we had this thesis that when people were building businesses, you know, everybody obviously wants to have a you know, know who their customers are and wants to, you know, treat them well. Um, but like we would we could do we could get to a lot of those businesses faster if we could partner up with some of the platforms. And so we thought about what are the platforms that people are building businesses on and this is around you know 2010 2012 we thought that a lot more of that would be software as a service. I mean I think that's also like has I think come to be true. Um, but at the time there was a lot of people that were building things on their own or they were self-hosting, um, using open source and we kind of felt like more and more businesses were just going to say, "No, no, I don't want to deal with any of that. Just point me to the platform that's a winner." And, um, you know, I we so we talked to dozens of these platforms and Shopify was just so forward thinking about this. Um, you know, they had this approach. They're like, "Look, you know, we're going to be great at this part of the entrepreneurial journey." And uh you know we cared a lot about you know entrepreneurs and folks just starting out too. Um because it was in my co-founder and I's you know kind of background and roots. Um and you know we said hey look we can I think we can help solve some of like you know these businesses not just you know um you know uh standing up a website and uh you know uh actually transacting on the internet doing all the hard things that revolve around payments and fraud. I think we can be that source of truth of who your customers are and then help you know help them do better marketing, better experiences which will in turn will drive, you know, more growth for them. You know, we should partner up and uh yeah, they were just they were awesome. And I think back then I've talked to a bunch of folks that have talked about, hey, how to think about these like app stores and platforms now. it's gotten a lot more maybe competitive or a little more crowded. But back then there there actually weren't a lot of folks thinking about this way and there were very few um like Shopify that were actively trying to curate you know um you know developers and software companies uh to kind of help them you know flesh out or you know make their overall product better. &gt;&gt; Yeah. One of one of the things that I always think about Shopify is as it's sort of like they've looked at WordPress and removed all the complexity for e-commerce. Uh and you basically copy what WordPress can do and used to do but remove all the complex part of WordPress and make it more easy to do this uh for an entrepreneur to not think about hosting WordPress to not be with plugins. Plugins evolved into app store in Shopify but it's a much better marketplace. It's much better integration. Um it's a it's a such a simple idea of abstracting away things. Um but you know it became sort of like this big opportunity when you just focus on e-commerce. Um in like the internet stack of things like we have these broad use cases. Uh one is like if you wanted to get customers you use Facebook or Google ads. So they found that product market fit there. If you want to just host anything then you have the three clouds. And I feel like there is a small space where if you want to in talk to your customers consistently once you once you know you know who your customer is then you have you need to have claio your life product. I I feel like in that map of internet tech stack then claio has its space sort of drawn out. &gt;&gt; Yeah like our so yeah I I I totally agree you know um some product principle we have is you can learn a lot from the folks that are maybe the early adopters the most advanced users you know. we have this product um principle that's like hey first build things to make it possible so that the folks that are maybe pushing the limits they can at least accomplish what they want to accomplish. So I remember for us it was it was interesting when when click first started you know we we built this um you know database and we built all these APIs and we pretty quickly realized there were a whole bunch you know we actually expand you know our reach if we would just build some of these like connectors these data connectors because there were so many folks that are like I you know I'm either technical but I don't have time to build an integration into this and so we sort of have a bunch of like you know language libraries you know Ruby, Python, you know Node, PHP etc. Then we realized like if we actually just connect to some of these platforms, it actually would take a lot of the cognitive load and a lot of the work off for folks. And then obviously you got a whole bunch of people that just were not technical at all and they were like why by the time I go find a developer and build this thing like I'll have already given up. Um so this idea of like make it possible first like maybe with those APIs and then make it really easy. Then you add the kind of the you know almost like the sugar layer on top right that makes it fast is the thing and then yeah I think any any great product company you know you look at hey what is the abstraction or we use this you know engineering term what's the primitive what's this like Lego block that you're putting out in the world uh because you're right because then you know people when they're you know when they're building any project right whether it's a business or a startup or maybe they're you know uh they just think about like who has the best you know infrastructure and kind of building blocks and uh you know there's a really powerful thing when you start to become almost like a default right folks um you know one of the one of the crazier things that's happened to cllayio as we've grown is I used to talk to all our customers and I'd ask them you know uh you know hey why did you pick us and they'd have these very technical reasons oh I I tried you I baked you off against these other products and increasingly it's it's a little jarring they're just like well well why would I why would I start anywhere else I mean you know clio is just the best and I think about that I'm like man that's like not founded in, you know, any kind of logic. I mean, that's great, but that's it's become almost like, you know, a brand identity of like what you're good at. Um, so we have to work to keep that. And then also, I think for some of the things we're building now is like we have to basically, you know, we have to become, you know, the building block or the primitive um for those other use cases. to me when Cleio went public was this uh you know how capital efficient you were. I think you raised around 400 plus million dollars but you only spent like a fraction of it you know by the time you went public. Uh talk a little bit about you know your fundraising journey and you know the approach to being capital efficient which seems to be a little bit of a rare thing uh in &gt;&gt; Yeah. What's interesting people talk now about this, hey, you know, when will the first company with maybe, you know, I don't know, uh, 10 folks or even a single folk, you know, achieve, I don't know, a million dollars, 10 million or 100 million in revenue. Um, that was kind of our meth our thinking from the start. Um, so my belief, my advice to founders is, especially if you're technical, is you actually don't need as much capital as you think. think I mean now it depends a little bit on you know um what the uh you know what what industry or problem you're after but in general I think people overweight you know how much fundraising and sort of the boost that you know um gives you and really it just boils down to like you just got to build and you just got to you know you got to go nail it for some customers um and then the interesting part is once you do that I found a lot of the best investors the best VCs they're sort of following you know customers and markets anyways I mean I a lot of our investors over the have told me they're like the reason they know about Clavio is because they were just going and they looked at what they felt were large market opportunities. They then went and go talked to those customers. They did their own primary research and they said like what products do you love? And that's how you know we get on their radar. Um and I always thought that was like a wonderful way to go about it is because you're really do building it up from first principles. Um so then the trick for us was you know when we we started we said we just want to aim at markets that are really big and you know this idea of like hey we can deliver you know if you're a business doesn't matter whether you have a thousand or a 100 million end consumers we can deliver every part of the customer experience you know as if you know was the founder or you know the you know the best product person or the best sales person talking to them um that we just felt like you know not only we thought of that as like the CRM market But that we just felt like is a massive opportunity. And then you know when we when we even looked at that and this actually was a big thing of source of confusion for a lot of folks that you know not our customers but really like maybe some investors was people said like well hasn't the CRM been done? I mean isn't that you know what HubSpot or Salesforce? And you know our what what we said is like no no we're we were going to do it in a very automated way. We're going to so we're going to aim at businesses that frankly need to use software to connect with their customers. That's why we talk about building a BTOC CRM and we said look like we think in the future more and more of the customer experience is going to be more autonomous like software is going to decide what to you know what what experience to deliver to which person it's not going to be like you're setting up a human to have a conversation. So that's what we're going to go after. And we think this is going to be a monster category because if you look at like just world GDP, twothirds of it is consumers interacting with, you know, small and large businesses. And yet they sort of don't have the tools to do it. Um, so we're going to build the data infrastructure where we started and then we're going to build the marketing infrastructure and then hey by the way there's these adjacencies. uh you know, we're going to get into customer service and now our customer agent product and we're just going to we're going to build the entire stack that allows these businesses to operate and because you know because they need software to do this you know to drive you know customer engagement and therefore revenue you know we're going to become very sticky and a mustave and uh you know when we showed when we showed that vision along with you know kind of some of the early traction we had um I think that that frankly made you know our experience with fundraising was actually was quite pleasant right I I mean, we mostly got to got to spend time talking to folks that, you know, we thought like would really add value to like our thinking, would level us up. Um, and uh, yeah. So, anyways, my my advice to any founders is always I think you should try to delay fundraising as much as you can. You know, not everybody can do that, but in general, you know, two things, two rules we had at Clayo is we would never celebrate fundraising milestones. Like we looked at those like those are non-events. We'd celebrate a lot of customer milestones um, and maybe revenue milestones, but we never celebrate fundraising milestones. Um, and the other thing is we never celebrated, you know, how many people worked at Clavio. Um, I talked to some other founders and they celebrate, yeah, I've got a hundred people or I've got a thousand people. And we always looked at that as like, well, that's I mean, that's cool, but wouldn't it be better if you were like a smaller team? Like, wouldn't it feel more intimate? You know, people bet you, you know, more people like the communication tax would be less. So I think that's something we've tried to even as now we're a public company we really try to stick to is you know we don't celebrate fundraising milestones which to me is like you don't stare at the stock price and then we also we just don't look at like hey how many people work at Clavio we think about like hey smaller is better and that's why we really believe like you know the power of small teams. I mean, you said you wanted to delay fundraising, so which which is a little bit counterintuitive to the idea of going public because most companies go public to fund raise. Obviously, that might not be the reason for you. So, talk to me about that decision because I used to work for this company called Epic Systems. I don't know if you know about it. Um, &gt;&gt; it's the healthcare software company. &gt;&gt; An incredible company. Incredible business. &gt;&gt; Incredible business. pretty much 70 to 80% of you know US individuals healthcare records are managed by that company the the founder Judy Faulner still runs the company it started in 1979 so incredible company but she had this thesis of like never to go public and I think she also ensured that the company will not go publicostuously also uh so she had a very strong point of view and now we are seeing like striped doesn't go public there's some other crazy you know good companies that don't go public for different reasons. What was your thought process you know when the time came that to decide uh whether you should go public or not? Yeah, it's you know it was I I had studied all of the you know kind of all we felt like all-time great companies software companies technology companies and like the vast majority of them but not not 100% because your point like you know Epic is was one of the examples there there's a couple of others um you know we look at these like very large um you know uh private uh technology companies but most of them went public and you know I kind of looked at that as like okay it's a bit of a right of passage um you know there's some other things like it gives you know liquidity to you know investors and obviously like folks at Claia that have worked very hard for many years. This is before the private markets were maybe a little more liquid. Um so I also think that public markets give you a chance to you know just tell your story more directly. Um, I guess there's nothing stopping a private company from, you know, doing, you know, press releases or sharing, you know, their numbers, which I know a bunch do. But we also felt it's like there's a there's a bit of a trust you can build up when you say like here, just, you know, look at our books. You can tell how healthy our businesses and, you know, there's going to be some accountability um, you know, every quarter, every year. Um, so it's interesting like now that the private markets uh, have gotten you know, I I think it's they're almost operating as these like pseudo public markets. Um I think uh you know I don't think it changes our calculus but I think it sort of it makes things things are almost merging a little bit. Um but I for us the most important thing was when we knew I I felt like we would go public at some point for all those reasons. We just didn't want to change the way we were going to operate. Um and that meant you know having a real strong like long-term point of view being very like product and customer focused. And uh you know I don't know frankly I just we just felt like because of the strength of our culture like there just wasn't a lot of risk um you know in doing that. You know we had a saying back in 2020 when we were thinking about like hey when we would go public and you know would we and all this kind of stuff we said like look there's some all-time great companies like if you look at like Microsoft or Apple and you know these companies like I think everybody knows them as these these like you know um uh you know kind of standard candles for tech. Um, and yet if you said like, "Hey, what year did they go public?" Everybody probably has a vague sense of when it was, but nobody knows the date and nobody really cares because a lot of their best work has come. So clearly they have like, you know, cultures and a way of working that just has stood the test of time. &gt;&gt; I mean, yeah, as a from perspective of a retail investor, I think makes more sense for more companies to go early public. Like you could invest in Amazon so early, but you couldn't do that now with OpenAI or like Anthropic, right? Which probably will never go public. Um uh can you talk a little bit about you know I think we are now in December which is like we just passed probably the biggest like holiday cycle we often called as you know PFCM uh uh you know black Friday cyber Monday. Uh can you talk a little bit about like how have things been in this BMC for Claio and in general like any trends that you notice uh in e-commerce or in generally broad economy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, we just had a great, you know, uh, so for folks that don't know in, um, you know, in retail and e-commerce, you know, the reason they call it, uh, you know, Black Friday is there's a whole bunch of retail businesses that literally go into the black. Like this is the time of year where they turn profitable for the full year because sales really ramp up uh, you know, in October, in November, and then, uh, you know, a lot of businesses then, you know, run promotions leading up into the holidays at the end of the year. Um, so it's like a critical it's a critical moment. I think there's something like it's like 10 or 10 or 20% of our um customers will do you know something like 30 or 40% of their total annual revenue like in these like you know eight weeks. Um so it's a crazy high percentage. So it's very you know it's a little bit like a we talk about it's like a little bit like a Super Bowl moment for our customers and therefore you know for us. Um so we had a great holiday season. uh you know uh our database I think you know our stats were um you know at peak we were ingesting more than you know uh 10 billion uh of these like consumer touch points data points into our database in real time uh you know I think over the course like that was our peak like you know on a given day um and then over the whole holiday weekend you know we sent more than 20 billion messages or power more than 20 billion experiences and so that you know ranges from our marketing products uh to now our customer uh customer service, our customer agent product that's, you know, on people's websites or that you can email or text with, um, that'll give you advice or help you like, you know, troubleshoot problems. Um, uh, so we're really proud of that. And then most importantly, like we've always looked at, you know, Clayo is like a revenue engine for both small businesses and, you know, some of the world's uh, leading brands. And, uh, you know, across fiveday stretch, we generated, I think the number was $3.8 8 billion dollar in sales that were like directly tied back to experiences that Claio powered um you know that either AI or our users defined and that's like an incredible number. I think it's it's about you know 5% of like all retail sales you know that happened you know uh in the in the US you know uh globally is because we kind of cut that that's a global number but we cut that down. So you think about that it's like I mean that's that's a huge chunk of uh you know of revenue that your business otherwise just wouldn't have. And one of the things we love is that it's like it's highly profitable revenue um because it's from businesses and their relationships with consumers. So it was a really great um you know uh week you know uh brands did a great job. Our partners our customers um our team did a great job. I think the most exciting trend though to your question uh is really the rise of the retail brand as not just um you know place to go buy products or in some cases to buy services but really those companies evolving into value ad because of the expertise and services that they offer around their products. So I'll give you like a couple of examples of things we've saw seen in the last um last couple of weeks. So, we work with a lot of um you know, apparel brands and we work you know there's a swimwear brand that I was talking with and they're saying like yeah you know now's a time of year you know this in the summer kind of you know their two busiest times of year um and they were telling me how they were using our customer agent. So this chat agent um that you can put on your website and customers were conversing with it not just about you know which swimsuits to buy but literally having conversations about how to plan a great vacation because there were a bunch of folks that were buying for the holidays and maybe you know if you're here in the US for like you know a kind of spring break trip they were going to take and they were asking questions like okay great well I'm into these patterns you know what swimwear do you think I should buy and by the way I'm going away for a Should I buy one swimsuit or two swimsuits? And by the way, you know, here's a couple of locations I'm going, you know, do you have a perspective on the style of kind of, you know, whether I'm going to Florida or the Caribbean or Hawaii? I mean, it's crazy, but like people were having real conversations, you know, with these agents that these businesses are providing. And all of a sudden now, the experience or the the value ad these brands are, you know, are offering is not just, hey, we make really high quality products. They look great. Um, but it's literally not just, hey, what's a great swimsuit to buy? It's how do I have a great vacation? Um, so we're seeing this like everywhere. Uh, there's a, you know, education company, um, you know, that I've known for a long time that used to use Claio, you know, kind of caters to helping kids learn like reading and math. And one of the things they built in Claio was this like awesome sequence of like almost like worksheets and coloring pages for kids that say maybe between the ages of like five and 10. And I remember they build these in Clavio and they generate all this content, you know, by hands and then they sort of set it up in Claio to automatically go to folks, you know, as they became customers or consumed products or maybe when they subscribed and now they're doing the same thing, but it's all personalized based on context they have inside of Clavio and then using our marketing agent. I mean, literally, we'll send different content to each person based on, you know, I don't if you're like my kids, like, hey, are you into Paw Patrol? are you into like, you know, the K-pop demon hunters that are really popular right now? And all of a sudden these like themed and even like at the level of what that individual like student wants. I mean they they've transformed themselves from being just purely like a hey we'll help we'll help you know provide workbooks for your kids to you know practice into literally we're acting almost as a pseudo teacher and like lesson planner. So I think it's a really interesting thing. is the first year that we've seen a lot more of that show up. And uh obviously one of the cool things for us is we think increasingly those experiences rather than you know our customers whether they're marketers or they're product folks or they're folks in operations um rather than them having to you know point and click through software to define those experiences increasingly folks are saying hey look I have a goal right my goal is to you know delight my customers you know to have them be engaged I know that translates with you know how much time they spend with my products or maybe how much they buy they're giving that goal to AI um and just saying hey why don't you come up with the ideas and then letting AI you know you know uh with some of the brand controls and checks that we have just test that stuff out and it's just I think it's a total mindset shift right in terms of you know one how businesses work in terms of how much autonomy or uh agency they're giving to you know uh these algorithms um but then also this idea that like hey it's not enough to just be products on a shelf you need to be value ad in and around you know the products and services that you offer. It it almost get that idea can even extender that that even the idea is also coming from AI after a point of file based on years of data that a brand has on graveyard you can just say okay at this point of the year this might work for you and you basically come up with an idea and suggest the customer that for this idea these campaigns will work so you can almost say that the customer with ideas and preview AI will come up with those ideas uh I think that's a good segway to talk about you know more about what you guys are doing with preview. I think you also launched a marketing agent. Uh can you talk a little bit about that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, sure. Yeah. So, it's a great example. So, um when we think about uh you know artificial intelligence and machine learning inside of Claio, uh there's we have these two agents uh that we've launched that we launched you know back in September. uh one is our marketing agent which will help you do marketing but I think critically for us we think about our marketing agent is so good that you know for some use cases it can just do the entire process of marketing for you. So I'll talk about that a bit in a second. And our second is our customer agent which is you know hey it uses all of the context you have about each of your individual customers so that you know uh when you or you or I land on the website and we know it's you that customer agent is ready and primed to answer questions that you have based on your own personal context. You know in a retail uh it might be things like product recommendations. Hey you've seen my past purchase history. What would you recommend for me? Um or it might be things as you know helping with some things operationally. Hey I ordered something but I actually got the address wrong. like, you know, it's it's actually it's it's a gift for somebody, so I need to change it from my address to somebody else's. And our agent can handle those types of queries. Um, so for our marketing agent, you know, one thing if you're building agents, I think that, uh, we really lean on is this idea of mapping out the actual process of, you know, whatever task you're doing. So, one thing that I think we have sort of a unique advantage on is we've been studying how people think about marketing. And marketing is this it's this great mix of like it's brand, it's feel, it's also just creativity and the kinds of campaigns you run, but it's also just pure math and performance. Hey, what what people actually, you know, how do I know whether somebody likes this? I can run qualitative surveys, but also just how do I actually see what people are, you know, kind of voting with their their feet or their clicks. Um, so what our marketing agent does is it breaks down the process of marketing into a couple of steps. First, it'll go through all the information that's stored in Clavio and even some external sources and figure out, you know, trends and patterns. We call them data insights where there's something interesting that might be happening. So, I'll give you a couple of examples. Um, it could be things like, hey, we noticed that you just added a bunch of new products um, you know, say into inventory, like we should generate a campaign around that. Okay, that's probably pretty obvious. People would know that anyways. We're also good at finding things like, hey, here's a bunch of products that aren't selling through. maybe you should try to clear that inventory because it's taking up space, you know, in your warehouse or you're paying for it and you know, hey, the seasons are shifting and it's time to move that inventory along. Or we can find things like, hey, here's customers that, you know, they loved the starter version of your product, right? For example, like take our educational company. Hey, you sold them a workbook about math that's maybe geared towards like, you know, first or second graders, but hey, we actually found an opportunity where, you know, those kids have probably grown up. like it might be time to offer them, you know, some of your content that's geared towards older older kids. Um, so it'll go through and and find all of those um, you know, insights. We then convert those into what we call, you know, marketing briefs. So this idea then of like, okay, how would you actually build a campaign around this? And it almost like writes, it's a little bit like a product requirements doc. It kind of writes down what it thinks it should do. And then we have this really great um, uh, you know, set of algorithms and agents that will then do the actual creative generation. So you can think about we're used to you know AI these days it can generate copy it can gen generate imagery and but we we do way more than that we help define you know larger structure like hey what does it mean to design say a whole email or email plus a text message uh plus a WhatsApp message and WhatsApp you can have all these cool carousels so it's like it can do some of these like higher order you know objects. Um it'll also go do incremental research right where it needs to create content so it's you know it's smart about what it's offering. Um and then finally we use uh we actually use AI to play a little bit be a little adversarial and say okay now that we've created all this content hey rank it and also make sure that it passes all these brand guidelines that we have and some of these are basic checks around like kind of content safety and toxicity but also just correctness and then like we can actually we can actually pull together a kind of brand uh uh a brand guide for every business just based on things like their website internal documentation they have you can imagine all of that's happening And literally what we present to our users is okay here's all the ideas we came up with which of these you know like you get you now get the chance to like go approve them you know are these ready to go and literally in a couple of clicks we have customers are saying wow you create a full launch you know campaign for me like hey I might make a couple of tweaks but then yes go schedule that and let's see what happens and then you know using reinforcement learning we go watch you know hey which campaigns which of these you marketing experiences pervert uh convert best and then we can feed that back into our algorithms. So I think this is kind of you know this is really like the future and it solves one of the number one pain points I hear from our customers. Hey, uh, you know, I feel like, you know, Claio is really great software, but I just don't know what to do with it, right? I have some ideas, but I wish I had more ideas. And now, I think with, you know, LLMs, we're able to basically automate the entire process. And then, our customers can kind of decide. I think today, they want, you know, a high degree of agency, a lot of checking of the content we're creating. But what we're finding is, you know, as the quality gets better and better, and as as they build trust, we're starting to see them almost like auto approve. you know, we have some campaigns we see users, they'll look at for maybe 10, 15 seconds and then they'll send out to hundreds of thousands of people. Um, so there's a lot of trust being built up quickly and I think this is, you know, frankly, it's not just the future of our category in this like kind of consumer CRM space, but I think all software, a lot more software is just going to be able to run itself and then you can choose how much you want to be, you know, in the flow. Is are there any like particular metrics that uh are interesting or that tell whether all these initiatives are successful? Like in in the case in the example that you gave, it could be just how much time it took for creating new campaigns like so do you guys track specifically some measurements like how successful have been these either the agents or you know other AI products that we launching are successful for customers or what is the way you think about that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'll give you I'll give you two examples. Um, so first is on the quality. Um, you know, one thing we're just obsessive about is, and we know this is like when we first built our marketing agent, we kind of said it's like, okay, it's like a it's like a it's like a good marketing intern. And that's, you know, no disrespect to like all the very highly motivated like folks that are like breaking into marketing, but we just felt like it's like, okay, it's not that knowledgeable about best practices. We're still building that in. And what we feel like is like, hey, it's going to go from that kind of like intern level to, you know, uh, maybe like a senior marketer to like a really advanced marketer. And eventually, if you think about, you know, some of the media types that we're working with, but, you know, text messaging, email, mobile, um, social, I mean, all these are only like 20 years old. We think it's soon going to be able to beat, you know, somebody who's maybe spent, you know, the last two decades, uh, doing nothing but this. So in the way we measure quality there is it really does you know we do one is evaluate like hey how much do the folks that we're effectively pitching our ideas to so our customers do they like them how much are they adopting them but then how are they performing and what's really cool is we're seeing you know in a bunch of cases our content that we generate is outperforming in terms of engagements you can think about like click rate but also just literally then in terms of downstream engagement in terms of like purchase rate or conversion to customer. Um so that quality metric is something that we really obsess about. Uh and then we want to show to folks so they can feel confident that like they're not losing anything. They're actually gaining things by sharing their ideas with us or adopting some of the ideas that our AI is producing. And then the other part is just is straight up like how much do people you know are starting to use our um you know marketing agent and our customer agent as part of their like everyday workflow. So the analogy we make is like you know when when mobile phones um you know starting with the iPhone really got you know real web browsers you know Safari for the iPhone came out you know there's really it is coming from desktop or you know the you know we think like traditional desktop versus mobile and if you look at those graphs something really interesting is it wasn't you know it wasn't that desktop usage you know went away I mean it's probably declined a little bit since but it really that was that mobile usage explo exploded. So internet usage went up. So the other thing that we measure is hey when you look at the number of ideas marketing you know campaigns that people are running or the case of our customer agent hey how many conversations is this business having with its customers we track both of those and how much of those are say human generated humanpowered or human initiated versus how many are AI initiated. And what we're finding is actually the exact same thing. Like it actually turns out that when you introduce AI, it's increasing the overall amount of marketing or the number of customer, you know, service or number of conversations that businesses are having with consumers. And it actually has this interesting thing where because you can kind of you can do this hybrid model where you use, you know, AI to either make your idea better um or you use AI as maybe the starting point and then, you know, and then the actual human, you know, can kind of go edit from there, right? We're seeing that both with marketing and with customer service. Customer service, we have these great things where AI can do the first bit of like kind of collecting all the information that's maybe relevant to helping solve somebody's problem. And rather than that kind of back and forth of like, okay, can you remind me your email address and can you remind me what you're talking about? Like all that just gets automated. Um, we're finding that's driving up the quantity of both marketing experiences and customer service experiences. And that's another one that we're really bullish on is that over time we do think that you know AI is it's it's not like it replaces displaces what you know human thinking is is doing. It's actually just it's literally just growing the overall pie and then the amount of uh you know the amount of engagement that um you know brands get with their end consumers. &gt;&gt; It's almost um I think there's a term for this. This is called Jon's paradox where when you make things cheaper the overall usage goes up and I think you're basically making it less costly in terms of how much time I spend to create campaigns. So I can quickly create camp and just verify okay this campaign let's I want to experiment and just giving more time to the customer and that's how they're using it more. Um the other question I had about AI is did anything in terms of how you organize the company or you know what types of roles you're hiring um or how you're managing people change because of AI and because you know pretty much every startup founder says you know we are either hiring less people or you know we doing things differently or we are hiring for a different set of people we want more generalist versus more specialist like how has three uh or it hasn't changed basically for AI. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So it's really interesting. So well it's funny because we so we bootstrapped our business um like we're talking about when we started which meant we you know we didn't raise any capital um until we were already profitable and like again I would just you know not every business can do that but I'd say like oh man you should really try to run uh lean and and why do that? It's not just a financial construct. We found it embedded in our DNA a couple of really great attributes. One everybody had to be a bit of a generalist. you had to be broad. And you know, I there there's a saying that, you know, you kind of look for when you're, you know, hiring people, you look for people that have this kind of T-shaped um uh you know, kind of skill set. Hey, they're really good at something and they're kind of okay at others. We tell people it's like we like people that are like, you know, sort of have a very wide T, right? They're almost like a fat T-shape. They're like they're really good at a bunch of things, right? They're not sort of a superstar at one and then okay at others. They're like they're actually pretty good or great at a couple of skills and that intersection makes you like even more dangerous. Um so in when it comes to you know let's say engineering you know I when I talk to engineers I say hey look you know I I want it's important to me that you care about design that you think about the product you're building by the way that's a way more interesting way to live life like if you just want to build really scalable systems like that's sort of like not interesting all the way right so our you know all of our engineering team like hey we're just into you know talking to customers and nerding out of that and actually I think you built better products that way so generalists matter and then two is you know the constraint we had from bootstrapping you know, a job was expensive. Like I remember in the early days, you know, my workflow was I'd wake up in the morning. I'd spend, you know, anywhere from 30 minutes to a few hours in our help desk just, you know, or inbox like answering customer questions. And I wasn't allowed to start building, you know, as I thought like, you know, making real progress forward work um until we had finished helping all of our customers. And that that really forced you know you to focus on like okay what are the real pain points that users are having and how can I automate in a lot of cases people were just looking for better documentation. So it got us to write better documentation. So it just forced this idea of like how do you automate yourself? How do you automate yourself? How can you give yourself more scale more leverage so you can not spend your time on you know tasks that are very repetitive and get to like you know higher order bits. Um I think AI is just another you know incantation of this. So while those two attributes have stayed very true to how we work, it felt very natural with AI. And we do a little bit to like, you know, we often times we'll force constraint, you know, on teams and projects. We'll say, look, we're going to ask this small team to do something really big. Um, and it feels hard. I think a lot of other companies say, well, it's impossible. But for us, it's like we just have this track record of we've seen it work, right? So we're like more willing to do that. Um you know the one thing that with AI that I think we had to do um is we sort of had to force ourselves say like okay we've been pretty successful as this like you know software as a service internet you know technology company but AI is just going to change a lot of workflows and if you if you sort of feel like I mean I'll take myself I just got so used to like I mean I love you know building love programming but if I like writing the code so much that I'm sort of not willing to like try my hand at letting an AI do that that's probably a mistake and you know and hey we really need to lean into that. So one of the things that uh we adopted said hey look everybody just needs to be you need to sort of force you know using LLM into your life and this is actually it's kind of annoying because you know as we've seen like LM are not great at everything you know they make mistakes you know they used to hallucinate a lot they still do in some cases and I think there's just you know I remember in the early days of the you know the internet when I was building websites and web apps like there was a lot of things where it was hard to do things on the internet you know building a highly responsive you know website whether it's because you're using Ajax, right, or using modern CSS like was hard, but the just me we had to figure out some of the frameworks and build some of the tooling. I think AI is the same way. So, we sort of forced everybody to say like, hey, look, if you're just not naturally the kind of person um that wants to go after, you know, building LMS into your life, uh then like, hey, that's probably not a good fit. And and the analogy we use is like, imagine that, you know, it's the mid 90s and you're Amazon and you're hiring people to join Amazon. And imagine they said like, yeah, I don't really use the internet. I don't really know what a browser is. You're like probably the wrong company, right? Um, and I'd say even if you're just like, well, somebody showed up to an Amazon interview and said, well, yeah, I use Amazon because I heard about it on the news, you'd probably say, okay, but like a lot of people use Amazon. So, the analogy for us is like, well, a lot of people use chat GPT. Like that's that's actually not that novel. What we want is the ' 90s example would be somebody that built their own website, you know, even maybe a personal website. That was like hard to do back then. I mean, now it's like, hey, are you building LLM applications? You know, and by the way, you don't even need to be an engineer to do that anymore. You can just go sign up for one of the many, many, many tools out there that allow you to like basically, you know, wizzywig, you know, vibe code something. If you're the kind of person that does that naturally, awesome. Can't wait to work with you. We're going to have a great time. Um, if you're not the kind of person that does that, then like, hey, you know, may maybe you're not really into, you know, you're not really ready to give this a go. Um, so I think that that's been important is having density of like this kind of curiosity and, you know, thinking, you know, AI first. I think the point you made about automating yourself, I think that really hit the nail for me because that's sort of like the most obsession I have right now is how do I automate things I do repeatedly and AI is sort of like open up and you sort of 10x the amount of automation that you could do as an individual and that's that's really amazing like how many things you can uh it's literally that code of like you know give me a lever and give me a rock to place on and I can move the earth kind of scenario right now because like you can do so many things by just one you could just if you do know a little bit of coding then you're you become so much more powerful than you ever were. Um so regarding the you know going the generalist way one of the things I found out is like crav encourages people to have their own sidekicks um and hiring people who are like you know either influencers or um you know have their own small business or tell me about the like logic of that. Yeah. Well, I you know, I think uh so this you know founder mentality or entrepreneur mentality first of all I don't think you have to literally have gone and started your own business um you know to earn that credibility to earn that like sort of like that title that that it's really it's a mindset. Um it's certainly a great you know I mean if you do right strike it out on your own and by the way I think a lot of folks if you're going to start something I my big recommendation is like do it nights and weekends because like then it's hard right it's like extra time you're tired you maybe have other things you want to do in your life and like if you really want it like and you put in the hours then then you sort of know that you're ready to do it full-time kind of thing. Michael Michael Levis uh the author of uh uh you from all the famous finance books said the same thing about becoming an author like you should write it on vegans and see if it actually works. Uh but good &gt;&gt; to totally I mean before we started Clavio I mean one of the things I did to kind of steal myself was I was like okay I'm going to try building these you know little side projects and like look I mean it's no sweat right I'm still you know I'm still getting paid at my current job but if I can't find you know the 10 20 hours a week that I'm and if I'm not so excited about it then like that's probably not a good sign because it's it's only going to be harder right when you know that's the only thing. Um, so anyways, we look for folks that have these entrepreneurial like tendencies and anyways it's great signal if you know you've actually you I mean often times people will show me a side project you know hey here's a GitHub something I'm working on hey here's this thing I'm doing in my community that I didn't you know necessarily have to take on um I think entrepreneurial density is really really important um you know it it entrepreneurs tend to take high degree of ownership you know there's there is nobody else to help them because it's like their thing right if they don't solve it nobody's going to come solve it for Uh yeah and so we've extended that like so in one I mean we have tried to make Clavio a great place for entrepreneurs either aspiring or folks that have been entrepreneurs in the past. I was talking to uh you know um uh you know the head of our uh customer agent products right um uh you know the guy uh that leads all of product development for that who is himself a multiple time you know successful entrepreneur and you know he said he's like yeah one of his favorite you know kind of recruiting pitches is like hey Clay's a great place for you know aspiring or like former entrepreneurs that just want to do the same thing but hey they just want to do it inside of you know you know another company right and so we then tried to architect Clavia where I think at its best, you know, I was a a physics and astronomy major. So, I've always like this analogy of the best companies as they scale like they feel like a constellation of like smaller companies, which means like a lot of autonomy for teams, right? So, it's a big responsibility, but also means like you give them room to, you know, maybe we're all bound by the same kind of gravitational field. So, we're all generally going in the same direction, but it's okay like some stars may be moving in slightly different, you know, orbits and that's okay. Um, so we give teams like a lot of autonomy and then like you know we just say like hey like let's agree on like sort of what the goal is and where we're aiming but after that like you be the entrepreneur. Um and then yeah I think this surprises some folks but like um you know I've had over the course of Clavio probably you know maybe a dozen two dozen folks you know come to my desk right and say hey Andrew I have some bad news like I'm quitting because I'm just gonna I really want to go try you know building this product starting this company. Um, and a lot of those are software and technology companies, but like I we had a couple years ago, we had somebody that like was early at Claio and he said, "Hey, I I really want to try my hand at running a cranberry bog." I said, "Wow, that's crazy. You want to run a farm and like, you know, specifically for like cranberries. That's that's like awesome." He's like, "Yes, I just I have this passion. I really want to try it." Right? And of course, he was like super entrepreneurial, right? Um, and every time I think, you know, some folks like, "Oh man, I can't believe it. You know, why would you do that?" But I I have a hard time feeling that way because I mean I literally worked at other companies and then eventually left those to go start something, right? And I think frankly in the world we just need more entrepreneurs. You know we talk about creators, people that are just creating products, services, content. We literally need more people that are right. You're Michael L are willing to are willing to put in that hard work. Like we need more people that want to take those shots. Um and so we think about Clavio as a culture as like okay we want to help develop those future you know entrepreneurs founders you know leaders you know that think very independently and then obviously our product mission is yeah literally our mission statement is to empower more creators to own their destiny. We literally want to give more businesses the tools to be independently successful. Um so this idea of like entrepreneurs it just it's it's just like everywhere uh throughout our culture. I think that's a good note to end the conversation. Um uh I think uh you know Claia has been you know anyone I ask about Claio when I was researching this you know everyone has good things to say and I think your NPS scores must be really high. Um but you know Andrew thanks for coming on the show and sharing all your uh all the interesting things about Clavio and I'm looking forward to see you know where Clavio goes next. &gt;&gt; Cheers. Thanks for having me.
