---
ticker: KVYO
type: youtube
title: "IBM Acquiring Confluent, Adobe Acquiring SEMrush and is Klaviyo Under Valued?"
channel: "Sales Science"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQY6s8H5QUU
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 24995
---

# IBM Acquiring Confluent, Adobe Acquiring SEMrush and is Klaviyo Under Valued?

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Sales Science
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQY6s8H5QUU

## 转录全文

But the thing that HubSpot really cares about internally is so how are HubSpot performing on this mark? Well, actually when we look at it right at 5.5 billion in ARR, which is where they're at now, it looks like the law of large numbers is is starting to catch up to them. And my suspicion here is that just based on the fact they're at such a large scale now, right, $5.5 billion in ARR, it's going to be much harder to keep those CAC payback rates below 18 months. In Q3, 32% ARR growth, 15% free cash flow margins, added 7,000 net new customers, [music] and they're only trading at 6.7 times Q3 ARR. Welcome to episode 31 of the SAS Report. I'm your host, Matt Ed, and I think I should almost say welcome back. It's been a while since I've done one of these. My wife actually just gave birth to twins, and so to say I've had a bit going on over the last couple of weeks is probably an understatement, but thank you for tuning in. I wanted to get this episode out because there's been a lot going on in the world of public SAS over the last few weeks. We've had Q3 earnings from most of the the companies that we track and a couple of acquisitions that are about to take place as well. So, I wanted to cover those today. So, let's get into it. [music] So, we'll start off today looking at HubSpot's Q3 results. So, HubSpot in Q3 this year crossed the $3 billion ARR mark. They added almost 190 million in net new ARR in Q3 and have added just shy of 550 million in net new ARR over the last 12 months. They spent $1.3 billion on sales and marketing over the last 12 months to generate that growth. So, that gives them CAC payback of 33 months, right? not amazing, but this has kind of historically never been a metric that HubSpot has been particularly strong on. They haven't had CACBY back under 25 months since Q2 of 2022. And as we can see on the chart, this has been fairly stable over the last eight quarters, sitting somewhere between kind of, you know, low to mid30s with that slight peak in Q1 of 25 up to 44 months. Their AR growth rate though is the thing that's been declining from 38% in Q2 of 22 down to a low of just 16% in Q1 this year. There has been a strong rebound over the last couple of quarters. But the thing that HubSpot really cares about internally is the metric that they track called net new ARR. Now we all know that for SAS companies and just for any company generally, right, high rates of growth become harder to maintain the larger you get. And the reason for that is that it's really hard to have a large percentage increase off a large base, right? So it's much easier to generate 100% ARR growth if you're at a million in ARR. Generating 100% ARR growth when you're at a billion obviously much more difficult. Palunteer is coming close, but other than that, most other firms are kind of way off the mark. But as long as a company continues to add [snorts] strong amounts of net AR quarter after quarter, right, they're still going to be in a good place, right? So, it may not be that the percentage AR growth rate is increasing or remaining stable, but if we're able to continue to add incrementally larger pieces of net new ARR, the business is going to be in a good spot. So, how are HubSpot performing on this mark? Well, actually, when we look at it, right, it's pretty flat. They've added about the same amount of net new ARR, give or take, right, yearover-year for the last 12 quarters, right? sitting somewhere around kind of that $450 million mark every quarter. Now, where this becomes super interesting is if we take that net new ARR added year-over-year and then layer on top the amount of sales and marketing spend that it took to generate that growth. Right? So, we can see in this chart here that adding 480ish million in net new AR used to cost them about 1.1 billion in sales and marketing spend. Fast forward to Q2 of 25 and that's up to about 1.6 billion. Right? This chart when I put this together, obviously I'm aware of this kind of metric or this idea, right? Is that like each incremental customer that you generate is going to be more expensive than the last, right? And the reasons for that are just like quite logical when you think through it. It's that the people most likely to buy your software probably already have. And so getting someone else to buy your thing is going to be more difficult and therefore more expensive. But when you put these two charts together, it's actually quite stark to notice the step change that occurs. Right? We're talking here from Q2 of 22 to Q2 of 25 3 years, right? So across 3 years, it's costing them 50% more to generate $1 of net new error, right? Over just the last 3 years. Now, I am sure that this won't be isolated to HubSpot, right? And I'm actually going to do this exercise. We could go and look and pull this chart together for all of the companies that we track. And we'll go and do that over the next couple of weeks just to take a look at how this trend has moved for each of the SAS businesses that we that we monitor. But other headline stats for HubSpot in Q3. So, they had free cash flow margin of 18% ARR growth came in at 21%. So, that gives them rule of X of 59. Magic number of 0.55 ARR per employee of 358. and they're trading around about six times ARR right now, right? Six times AR for HubSpot is just kind of a sign I think of where the market is at the moment, right? Really solid company, household name, right? Leader in their space and you can buy them for six times. It's pretty incredible. Second company I want to look at today is Atlassian. Imagine a 12 month period where you add 971 million in net new ARR and that's considered somewhat disappointing, right? That's the position that Atlassian finds itself in today. So, they posted 21% AR growth year-over-year, but that's off a recent string of history where you could like clockwork expect Atenant to post 30% ARRI growth rates, right? There was a period there where it was just like I hadn't seen the numbers yet, but it was like Atlassian will be somewhere around 30 31%. That has started to drop off where they're at now. It looks like the catch up to them. Q3 this year is the third consecutive quarter where ARR growth has come in below 25%. And go to market efficiency is starting to show kind of the first signs of weakness as well. If we look at CAC payback, that's up around 18 months and that's the first time that that number has been that high since Q2 of 2020. Now, looking at this chart, right, we can see that they've had these kind of increases before. So, they had one kind of going into the end of 22, beginning of kind of 23, they were able to rein it back in, but again, over the last four quarters, that CAC payback number has started to creep up again. And my suspicion here is that just based on the fact they're at such a large scale now, right, $5.5 billion in ARR, it's going to be much harder to keep those CAC payback rates below 18 months, right? We just see this over time, is that the larger these companies get, just talked about it before with HubSpot, the harder it is to attract net new revenue or new customers in an economical way. Atlassian's been fantastic at this over the last few years. So the fact that it's pushing up above 18 months is still they're still best in class. But again, gone of the days for them, I think of having, you know, CA paybacks below 12 months. Free cash flow margin for them came at 8% for the quarter. That's low, but that's not unusual for Atlassian. Q3 is normally their low free cash flow generation quarter because Q3 kind of calendar Q3 is actually fiscal Q1 for them. [snorts] AR per employee came in just under 400 grand. And they had a big jump in OPEX in Q1 as well. that was up 27% year-over-year with an increase of just 21% from a revenue standpoint. Again, I think that's probably just due to them kind of frontloading some expenses in Q1. But that leads to a pretty bad operating loss with a quarter of 100 million or a negative 7% operating margin. But look, really hard to argue that Atassian still isn't one of the top performing SAS companies in the world despite the fact that I've yet to meet anyone who likes their products. Somehow they just continue to post like ridiculous numbers at a scale that is not matched by many others at this point, right? 5.5 billion, still growing north of 20%, sub 20 month payback, right? Still really, really solid numbers. And again, indicative of kind of the market that we find ourselves in. They're only trading at 7.6 time RR, which kind of feels like a steal, right? 7.6 times RR. Last company I want to cover for Q3 results. We'll have a bunch of these to get through. So, I'll try to pull some of this together over the next few weeks for you, but I want to look at Clavio. Pretty remarkable company. Did a deep dive on these guys probably this time last year, just on the history of the company, how they thought about kind of market positioning, how they thought about carving out a niche in terms of e-commerce and their kind of vision for how the company will develop over the next few years. So, well worth a watch. I'll link to that in the show notes here. But just firing on all cylinders at the moment, right? So, in Q3, 32% ARR growth, 15% free cash flow margins, added 7,000 net new customers, and they're only trading at 6.7 times Q3 ARR, right? This is a a company that still has a long way to run, right? I think they're just north of a billion in ARR right now, and no signs of growth rate slowing. So, they're adding 6 to 7,000 net new customers every quarter, as we can see on this chart here, basically like clockwork. And they're doing that while at the same time increasing ARR per customer. Right? So ARR per customer is up from 5,600 in Q1 to sorry that's Q1 of 2024 to 6,800 in Q3 of this year. That's a 21% increase in the ARR per customer in just six quarters. And they're doing that while continuing to expand the customer base, right? Really impressive. So they're just north of 1.2 billion ARR. They've got net revenue retention of 109%. Go to market efficiency kind of isn't top tier. They spent 470 million on sales and marketing to add 303 million in net new ARR. That gives them about a 24month CAC payback, which isn't horrendous, but it's not it's not by any means amazing at just north of a billion an hour either, but really sustainable when you've got high net revenue retention and a steadily increasing ACV, right? So both of those things are going to make their real CAC payback number kind of lower than than that. The only mark against their Q3 result is their negative operating margins, right? So only slightly they came in at 3.5% for Q3. That's an improvement from negative 5.5% in Q3 of last year. So making progress there, but in my books, right, Clavio is a buy, right? Uh growing fast, strong retention, free cash flow positive, huge TAM, right? just yeah great quarter for for Clavio. All right, we got some news this week or last week I can't remember. The days are kind of blurring together at this point, but the news anyway is that IBM is buying Confluent, acquiring Confluent, however you want to phrase it. When I first heard this reaction, I thought to myself, [snorts] I know who IBM is, but what do they even do today? It's not a company that you hear about very often, right? being kind of in the SAS ecosystem or in the startup space. IBM is just not a company that we think about day-to-day. So I went and looked it up, right? So what does IBM sell today? IBM is basically a combination of two businesses. It's a professional services/conulting business, right? Think about this as like they're a competitor to Accenture, right? So they go in and they help people to run it projects, right? Whether that's like IT modernization, cloud migration, custom software development, whatever it might be, software implementations, right? They're a consulting shop. This business does about $20 billion in revenue. So, it'll do about 20 billion in revenue this year. If we look at the growth rate there, right, pretty flat. It's professional services after all, right? Haven't grown at more than 4% over the last seven quarters. Had a couple of quarters in 2023 where they grew at six, but just stable, right? It's like a 27 28% gross margin business. It's professional services. It generates probably a bunch of cash for them. Employs a lot of people, but you know, slow or negligible growth as you would expect for professional services at that scale. The other component of the business is their software business. Right now, I wasn't aware of this, but IBM runs a pretty substantial software business. It's a combination of a bunch of different software solutions that they've acquired over the years, but they sell tools for financial planning, identity access and security, RPA software, monitoring solutions. Total revenue for this segment this year will come in at about 30 billion, right? So IBM has a $30 billion software business. This is that's bigger than Adobe, right? Adobe I think will do about 25 billion in revenue this year. And that IBM software business is anchored by their acquisition of Red Hat which they made in 2018. So that still operates as a standalone business. So wholly owned by IBM but operates as a standalone and revenue there is projected to be about 7 billion in 2025. So this is the segment that Confluent will become a part of when that acquisition is finalized. Looking back over the last couple of years, we can see growth rates varying pretty substantially. So, from a low of 2% in Q2 of 24 up to a high of 11% in Q3 of this year. And thinking through that, right, looking at some of the numbers that we normally look at, 11% seems low, but when you're talking about a $30 billion business, that's pretty healthy, right? Salesforce is at 40, they're growing at 9 to 10%. Pretty good comparison here, right? So, not bad by any means for this IBM software segment to be growing at that rate, right? So, that's the IBM piece of this, right? I didn't know any of this before this week. So that's pretty interesting actually. The purchase price for Confluent is 11 billion. That's about 10 times Confluence Q3 ARR. And then if the acquisition is finalized in the middle of 2026, which are kind of the projections at this point, it'll end up being about 8.5 times ARR based on current growth rates. So the purchase price represents about a 35% premium to the closing price prior to the announcement. Right? So, it's like basically take the closing price or the valuation prior to the news being announced that they're going to be acquired and you get about a 35% premium there. But what we look at when we zoom out is that it's actually well below the highs over the last 12 months. So, they had traded as high as $38 per share earlier this year and the acquisition price is going to be at $31 per share. So thinking through that, right, it's like what got Confluence shareholders comfortable enough to want to take a $31 per share price when they've been trading at 38 bucks earlier this year. If we look at a couple of the recent metrics just to see if we can understand some of the thinking here, right? So the first thing we'll look at is ARI growth rates. When we pull this up, pretty steady decline from about 70% in late 2021. At that point, they were doing about 400 million in ARR. And that's trailed off to 19% growth in Q3 of this year where they're at 1.1 billion. Now, that's not necessarily the end of the world, right? Again, as we know, growth rates for SAS companies slow over time, but it is a pretty stark drop off, right? That isn't the deceleration that you might see from a top performing SAS company, right? The best SAS companies find a way to grow from 1 to 2 billion at much higher rates of growth, right? Give you some examples here. Salesforce grew through that1 to2 billion ARR mark at around about 30%. HubSpot was north of 30. Atlassian did it at about 40% and CrowdStrike did it growing 70%. Right? So, Confluent had already dropped off without really any signs of reaceleration down to 19. So, well below kind of those top performers. Not the worst in the world, but not on track to be one of the best as well. Right. So growth slowing probably not matching what you might expect from a kind of a top tier SAS business. That could be reason number one, right? Is there just like kind of no clear path to getting to that next level with really healthy metrics. Second thing for Confluent is that CAC payback was never really good, right? They never had a really efficient kind of go to market engine. Between Q3 of 2021 and Q3 of 2025, CAC payback averaged 50 months. So that was from about 370 million in ARR to 1.1 billion in ARR. Now, that's just much too high, right? The best companies have CA payback rates that are substantially below that. Monday, who was at around 350 million in Q3 of 21, averaged 25 month payback over the last four years. So, over the same time period, Confluent averaged 50. Monday was at 25. So, twice as efficient as Confluent on that metric. Even Procore averaged 37 months despite the fact that they started that same time period at a much higher AR band. So, they were at 500 million in AR Q3 of 21. Now, one of the reasons that Confluent may have had such a worse CAC payback rate is because they've historically had pretty poor gross margins for a SAS company, right? So, they've done a good job dragging these up over the last 2 years, but early on here, so from Q3 of 21 through to, you know, Q1 of 23, they didn't have gross margins that exceeded 70%. And so what that means is when cost to serve is sucking up more than 30% of revenue, that means you've got less available cash to be able to spend on sales and marketing to be able to continue to drive revenue growth, right? Or to be able to reinvest in R&amp;D. The best SAS companies again just have much higher gross margins, right? Mondays are close to 90%, HubSpot sits around 85. And so they just have much more cash available in the business to be able to reinvest in the product or reinvest in sales and marketing. So this has been in my view kind of a big drag on Confluence business over the last few years. Now despite that it still surprises me a little bit that they sold for $31 per share right when they're trading at 38 per share earlier in the year. But basically what it tells us is that the leadership was kind of out of ideas. It's not an awesome result for shareholders, right? 35% premium is good, but when the deal is finalized, it's going to end up being somewhere around about 8.5 times AR for a company that you would think is probably going to be strategically important in the age of AI, right? After all, that's why IBM's acquiring them. But that being said, right, we could see more of these in 2026 because the operating environment is just getting more challenging. The thing that SAS companies live and die by is ARR growth rates. If you're not able to maintain a high rate of ARR growth, your valuation, your ARR multiple is going to be slashed. And we've just seen that time and time again. And so if you don't have a clear path towards how you're going to maintain high rates of growth, the best option may be that you get acquired for a premium. Otherwise, you may see those multiples continue to to compress and then you've just got a few years of slog to try to get out from under that, right? So we could see more of this. you know, public SAS companies with decelerating growth either get acquired by larger incumbents or taken private by private equity over 2026. Another one that was announced recently is that Simrush is going to be acquired by Adobe. So Adobee's buying Simrush for 1.9 billion. As a refresher for those of you not in the GDM space, Simrush is a platform that helps digital marketers with keyword research, competitive analysis, site audits, backlink tracking, online visibility. Basically, a digital marketing tool. They help with SEO and kind of digital ad planning. Adobe of course is kind of the behemoth the software giant better known I think for kind of their design products their design suite right in design Photoshop but also have a pretty substantial marketing automation business which is anchored by their acquisition of Marquetto back in 2018. Now in contrast to the Confluent deal which is being done at about a 35% premium Adobee's buying Simrush at a 75% premium. This is a significant, right? This is a pretty large premium. If we look back at the kind of last few acquisitions of public SAS companies over the last couple of years, we see just recently, a couple of months ago, Salesforce paid a 30% premium for Informatica. Day force sold to private equity to Bravo for a 32% premium. And as we just discussed, right, Confluent is selling to IBM for a 35% premium. So why the 75% premium for Simrush? The key reason I think is that it's been painted as a strategic acquisition for Adobe. Simrush fills a gap for them when it comes to visibility and search insights. Right? So strategically now Adobe can offer creation, delivery, measurement, optimization and discovery in one suite. And they also talked about so uh when news of the acquisition came out Adobe also talked about the fact that brand visibility is no longer just about Google search results but is about getting visibility within these AIdriven search and and generative engines what people are calling kind of GEO and they think that SEMrush has some unique insight there that is going to enable them to to capture that. So basically what that means is they wanted them because they plug a gap in their product suite and they think it's a good fit, right? So they're prepared to pay a little bit more rather than try to build that out organically and compete in that market. So looking at Seamrush's metrics, I think this is a pretty good outcome for Seamrush shareholders. Right? If we look back over the last few quarters, things were becoming pretty bleak. Seamrush isn't a huge business by public SAS company standards. They're doing 450 million in ARR. They had 80% gross margins, which is good. 10% free cash flow margin over the last four quarters. But the reason that again this is always the reason, right? The reason that the acquisition is good is because ARI growth rates are slowing right pretty dramatically. So down from mid50s in Q3 of 21 pretty steady decline there down to 20% in Q2 of 23 then kind of went sideways for the next 12 months and we've just started to see another drop off down to 15% in Q3 of 2025. Right? And if you're a public SAS company again growing at 15% per year, you're just not worth very much. Right? Before the announcement, I think that they were being acquired, Seamrush was only trading publicly for about 2.3 times AR. So, you're just not worth a lot if you're a SAS company at 400 million, growing at 15%. From a go to market efficiency standpoint, they've kind of been all over the place over the last couple of years. But averaged, so if we if we kind of even this chart out and take the average CAC payback rate over the last four years, we're looking at CAC payback of 33 months on average over that time, right? just much too high for a business that's sub 500 million in AR. As we saw earlier, right, Claio is 24 months doing 1.1 billion. Yeah, it's just much too high for a company that's, you know, sub 500 million an hour. So, it it looks like Seamrush just kind of got stuck, right? The best companies find a way to breeze through this kind of like 300 million to a billion dollar run rate. And when I say breeze, I'm sure it's extremely difficult internally, but from the outside looking in, it looks somewhat easy, right? If we just look at companies in kind of the go to market space, right? So sales and marketing public companies, right? Salesforce went from 300 million to a billion in nine quarters. Incredible, right? Zoom Info did it in 11. Incredible, right? They probably want some of that juice back. Cleavio has just done it in 13 and HubSpot was never really like a hyperrowth company. They did it in 16 quarters, right? Seamrush has spent the last nine quarters stuck between 300 million and 450 million and they're at a point now where growth was starting to decelerate again. Right? So all in all, I think this is probably a pretty good result for shareholders. 75% premium look admittedly off a pretty low base, but it was pretty hard to see a path forward for Simrush to go from kind of where they are now to, you know, getting to that next level, right? Call it a billion in ARR. So, I think a pretty good result there for them. That's it for this week. Thank you for tuning in. This will probably be the last episode for 2025. Got a bunch of work to do breaking down Q3 numbers over the break, but we'll be back again in early January with fresh installment episode 32. So, stay tuned. I'll see you there. Until then, goodbye.
