---
ticker: DUOL
type: podcast_transcript
title: "AI Blackmail, Layoffs and Hot Yoga"
podcast: ""
date: 2025-05-30
audio_url: https://traffic.libsyn.com/secure/pnrmarketing/482.output.mp3?dest-id=170241
language: en
chars: 72099
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# AI Blackmail, Layoffs and Hot Yoga

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2025-05-30

---

## Transcript

So Robert, I have a question. Have you been sticking anything into usb ports lately? No No I'm serious with that yes like No This is you probably know about this because Yeah the 50% wrong thing you're always 50% wrong you're always gonna be wrong Yeah no no no no you are on TikTok I am not on TikTok but I this is a thing so have you heard about this Chromebook challenge? No on TikTok. Okay, well it's called the Chromebook challenge. Apparently students from around the United States, yes, are inserting metallic objects into their school issued laptop usb ports. Okay. And it's causing the devices to short circuit, Spark or even catch fire. As of mid may, over 200 of these incidents have been reported in Colorado alone. Of course. Of course. College. Is it because it's so much higher? Like what what's the deal there? I wanted to know. Do you have any first of all, I wanted to know if you were part of this. No, I mean, I'm assuming these are the same people who did the tide pod challenge and would eat tide pods for a living. So it's probably the same people. I'm surprised it's not Florida, but other than that, I am surprised too. Well, it's what's interesting is it seems like Colorado and Massachusetts are are leading the way, which is a surprise. For I'm wicked smat. I'm wicked smi'm putting it something in my us, jamming inside. Dmit it, dam it, jam it in. I just, I don't thought, I thought yoube jamming something into your usp port. I don't know. You know something throout there. And now for your listening pleasure, here's pellitzian rose, covering the week of media marketing and digital Content News. This old marketing, take it away, boys. Well, hello friends, welcome to this old marketing proudly brought to you by the HubSpot podcast network, the audio destination, four business professionals, and I'm Robert rose. And welcome to episode number 482 for Friday, May Thirtieth, 20, 25. And with me, as usual, my pal, my colleague, and a guy who's just mad that golden dome doesn't apply to his head, Mr. Joe pellucy, come on now, that's gold. That's good stuff. That's right there. When I kept seeing the references to golden dome, I'm like, what is this? Like? What is going on? It's Yeah, it's it's getting. I gottsay. It's getting. It's just is nuts. Nothing shonothing. There's nothing shocking anymore. No. Does that bother you that there's nothing shocking? Oh, yes. Don't want to be shoi mean, I'm sure itcome up later in the show, we we actually had a little bit of an email chain with one of our audience members on this thing that this is this is you know, this is the new messaging tactic, right? This is, this is new, this is the a new playbook for marketing communications, which is to basically shock and have it, you know, it's it ends up being what not what you did, but what people think you did. And the more shocking the better. And it applies to business, it applies to you know, politics, it applies to everything, right? We're just in a world where that's the way you get attention, is you shock people, do you think? I mean, let's just think about comms in general. Let's just say that you as an organization need to do something pretty bad, whatever it is, lots of layoffs or whatever. Sure. Using this strategy, you throw out something really crappy like boom, get everybody like, Oh my God, I'm shocked. And then secondarily, then you really have the bad news, which is huh? It's not so bad compared to the other stuff that you just put out. I mean, it's a strategy that's right. You get everybody talking about something. You get everybody talking about something that's controversial or some claim or something like that on Wednesday. And then on you know as as has been classic pr strategy forever, on Friday afternoon, you release the layoffs things so that it basically has two days to not you know live in the news cycle. But the already controversial thing is sort of still got legs. And by Monday people have forgotten the bad news and they're still talking about the controversy news. I want na let you know that I wore this hat, which is cheese cave. This is a very famous cheesecave in Mexico. Do they have a chegroto? Do they have a cheese grotto? I don't think they call it they call it like they market it as the cheese cave. Okay, Yeah, there Groto. Is there a cheese grotto in the cheese cave? I think they are rebranding as we speak because there's something about the grotto just as it's it's authentic. It's just like if I was in charge of marketing, I would be like sentinel grotto. It's the artial, the artisanal cheese and all the all the grotto whatdid you do the mo cheese grotto? Did you do not to just like quickly, but I want to get to you because you know you I know you like talking about you. I do so what did you did you do anything like amazing this week over the well, it was a it's been a short week, which is always Memorial Day week. Yeah, you know, I don't know that it's, you know, I like my job. So it's not necessarily something that I might necessarily look forward to but but the long weekend was lovely. I went and saw yes, I went and saw the mission, a possible movie. I did as well. What did you think? Should we review it? Loved it. I loved it. Really, I did. I thought it was a little long. Always cut 20 minutes out of just half of the running scenes. That's right. Yeah. So a little long. But you know what? For the last one, I've sort of had Grace on that and just said, you know what, that's I'm going to let him choose some scenery for a while because that's that's the way it's going to be. And I loved all the fan service for the previous movies. There was a all the the guy like, we can't want to give it away, but an actor that was in there, Oh Yeah, so good. Yeah, so good. And the ending with with Luther, I got it, got all the feels. Yeah. It's just it was great. It was I really, really, it was a fun, fun. You know, it reminds and this is you know sort of in business news. We're not covering it as a story, but as business news. The stocks for theaters are boomed on Tuesday because of how great the box office was for Memorial Day weekend. It was stitch possible effect, which lilo and stitch and micgan possible. Yeah why do they have to do that with two movies every time? Now you know what they did with barbenheimer and now they got to do every time you got to do, is there a thing? Is there a, is this this possible a thing? Yeah. Oh Yeah, I like, Oh Yeah, my amc takes off because of stitch possible. Blah, blah. H, I'm like, come on, what? Yeah, I don't get, I don't know why. Anyway, it was great. It was, it was it was really good. And I got, we went out to, I was good at actually barbecue, but then we ended up going out to one of our favorite restaurants in Beverly Hills because it's it's so here in la, when you have a holiday weekend like Memorial Day, July Fourth, you know, sort of the big holidays where everybody travels, what ends up happening is is that there's no traffic on the weekends. And so you use those opportunities to do things that you never do. Like for us, driving to Beverly Hills, which is, you know on any given day might be an hour and a half, you know, but driving there from where we live now is 30 minutes, right? But on the with no traffic. So went to Beverly Hills, went to my favorite restaurant. It's it's it was really fun and Yeah, just a lovely, lovely weekend. And you, we went out to Putin bay, which is a small island in Lake Erie, just north Sundusky, Ohio. So my bride and I, we took the jet express from downtown Sundusky, that's for cedar points located. And we went out to Putin bay and it was just lovely because it was perfect weather. There's about 60 degrees. No wind of Sunny is great. And we listened to the bands and went around and saw some of the bars and went to the winery and went to the Crystal caverns. It's very exciting to see these crystals in person. So we did all the things and it was super fun. And then on, and then on. On Sunday, we had about ten people. We all went to top golf and we all hit little White balls off the second floor and nice and drank, tried not to to. There was one person in our group that lost their club, and it dropped on the group below. That was not good. But this person who I know who that is, do I know that person? No, I think I know you would know. You would probably guess it. You would probably guess it because it's sort of, Yeah, you've been around them before. Yeah Yeah always does these kind of things. Yeah. But Yeah edno. But what I want, this is the thing I can't get out of my head with mission impossible. Now we'll go on to the news. Every time I see Tom Cruise running, I picture him running toward Elron Hubbard. And I cannot get that out of my head. I just can't because he's so excited. That's such a weird. He's so excited because he wants to see l. Ron Hubbard. L. Ron or maybe he's, I got it. I know, running. Maybe he's running. He's running away. By the way, l. Ron Hubbard, sort of the founder of Scientology. I don't know if everyone got that, but Yeah, maybe he's running away from l. Ron. All I could say no, Yeah is it Tom Cruise is like 62 and something. Oh my God, there's a stunt. I mean, come Yeah it's like that's it's not fair. It's really not. It's really not. It's really not. He is really kind of definitely quite skilled at doing that stuff. So Yeah Yeah one of the top five movie star of all time, Tom koh. That could be Yeah, easily, easily, easily in it. Yeah, you could have the, you could you could have the discussion that he's definitely in the top five, top one or two, top one or two yeregardless of l. Ron, absolutely all. Tom. Absolutely. All right, absolutely good. Yeah, we got a good show, doctor. We got a good show. I mean, we're gonna be talking a lot about AI and because that was really the news in the short week, we'll start with talking about anthropicics new CEO. We're not new CEO to anthropic CEO, talking about a new challenge that they've had, which is what would the evil twin do? Basically, anthropic apparently ran a simulation where its AI started to threaten users well, you know for having an affair or something like that. So they're basically saying, don't stop us or I'll anyway, we'll get into that. Then we'll talk a little bit about how AI layoffs are actually hitting corporate America, or are they actually hitting corporate America, or why are they hitting corporate America? Then we'll to get to a post from rand Fishkin, the amazingly smart, wonderfully smart, intelligent rand Fishkin, who talks about the traffic apocalypses here and how Google has lit the match. Seo is dead, apparently. Long live AI answers that nobody ever asked for. Then we'll talk a little bit about Microsoft and how they have resurrected print, says Joe, accidentally reinventing zines, discovering magazines again. And then we may actually pair that with another story, that viddles magazine, which is a great substack, is now getting a print magazine as well. We'll get to our winners and losers. And I'm going to talk a little bit about the Duolingo CEO, which I ranted about two weeks ago, and I'm going to rant about again. Joe is going to talk about LinkedIn commenting and how that's a winner. I'm gonna to be curious to hear about that. Then I will get to we will get to our Ranson race where I will rant on brand website design, now starring a chat bot that doesn't understand your question. AI agents are the new clippy, but with worse grammar. And then Joe will talk a little bit about bitcoin and a treasury boom that is to come as businesses are on a bitcoin buying spree. So just chock a block with new technology, marketing, media, the kind of thing that you come to this show for. It's gonna be I love any Yeah and I haven't talked about bitcoin in a while and you know I love talking about it. It's hard not to just bring it up in regular conversation. Like somebody will say. Somebody say I you doing John I'm like bitcoin avoid it pretty much every day I avoid it with not a problem well Yeah I mean Yeah I have a problem I have many my problems are on many levels yes you have 99 problems but Yeah with the bitcoin 81Yeah that's right but right Oh that actually goes that's a new that's one I know our new album this one you give this old marketing album greatest hit th coming 99 problems but bitcoin was a one okay all right let's get to our first story here which is coming to his courtesy of semaphore a by the way, fantastic publication that I'm a big fan of. The headline here is anthropic's AI resorts to blackmail in simulations. Basically the article opens up with a very not so flattering picture of anthropic CEO Dario ade so but he's at a conference, so we give him that much. The article, my picture, Robert, that's just his picture is not women Latare not flattering. That's just how is him Yeah, I don't know about the mouth though. So he's got something going on with his mouth there that he's word and they just chose they chose poorly. They chose poorly in terms of the fact that it's part of the flicker creative comgives you all you need to know about how semaphore is paying for pictures. Anyway, the article opens up by saying anthropic said its latest artificial intelligence model resorted to blackmail when it told it would be taken offline in a safety test. The AI company asked Claude opus four to act as an assistant to a fictional company, but then gave it access to also fictional email, saying that it would be replaced and also that the engineer behind the decision was cheating on his wife. Anthropic said the model threatened to reveal the affair if the replacement went ahead. AI thinkers such as Jeff Hinton have long worried that advanced AI would manipulate humans in order to achieve its goals. Anthropic said it was increasing safeguards to levels reserved for AI systems that substantially increased the risk of catastrophic misuse. And that is the end of the entire story there. So Interestingly, well, I definitely have a take on this, but is your what is your thought about what what transpired here? It actually goes to what we were just talking about strategy of exactly delivering some news and that so there's something else coming here. This is just this is just to make sure that we're aware that the end is near. Yeah and then and then the big news, the horrible stuff is going to come. I don't know, a couple weeks, couple months doesn't matter. This guy is gonna to be in his bunker. He doesn't care. Yeah they're gonna to be releasing that stuff later. My my concern and it's always been my concern and it will be my concern is that there's no real safety precautions put on this. We fired and then we aimed with the entire decision to I don't know that we're on the I don't know that people are aiming to be honest. Yeah I think it's a lot of fire and no aiming. Regulations are good. If you look at if you look at the Internet regulation, just take AI out for a second. Let's just talk about what happened with the Internet. If you look at any of the stuff that and we've talked about all the social media stuff to, we're blue in the face, right? Those countries that put some more regulations on social media and Internet usage are doing much better than we are. Like our kids are more depressed, more anxious. All sorts of issues that are suicides are up. The stats are just horrible. A lot of that, not directly, but a lot of that has to do with time online. You don't see that happening in some of these other countries with strict regulations. So here we go again, United States doing the same thing. And you know, I mean, I grew up Republican. I didn't. I thought all regulations were bad. Other or not, there's some regulations that are needed. And I wish I wish some would have put on this. And you can't put the genie back in. I wish I had something constructive to say. Maybe you do. Maybe you have something constructive. The point, the point about why I think this was released was the first part was there's a lot more of this coming. It's going to get a lot scarier, and we have to prepare ourselves for it. And this is part of it. Yeah, this is well, this is I mean, like as we were talking about at the top of the show, this is the new marketing and coms playbook, right? Which is to, you know, nothing. There is nothing now needed more by OpenAI, anthropic, Google, all of those that are sort of running these frontier models and trying as best they can. You know what it tells you in so many ways, and this is the discussion we were having over email with one of our lovely audience members, is that this tells you that development is slowing down. Because when you've got slowing development in the world of AI, they need something to hit the headlines to basically say, no, no, no, it's getting better and better, faster and faster and faster. So it would not surprise me at all. I mean, the fact that they you know ran this siquote unquote simulation and they knew this. I mean, look, whether it's or not, I don't know, like whether it covers, but but you know well, but did it actually happen or did they force it to happen, right? You know and it's like, you know I mean, I mean, I think they wanted Yeah, they wanted they wanted and weird outcome. They wanted a weird outcome. They wanted a weird outcome that releaexactly that highlights the power of AI to make it you know the corporate coms sort of brand messaging here is it's virtue signaling to say we've got something really powerful here waiting behind the wings and we're taking care of it for you. So we're we're actually on it. We're doing things right, you know so we're actually you know and and it gets to our you know itget to our next story here where we're gonna to talk about in a second with regard to AI layoffs because anthropic plays there as well. But the whole point of this is this is marketing. This is marketing disguised as safety. This is all about creating the perception that there is development happening at a rapid pace. Modernization, big scary things are coming. You better be aware of it. You better get into it. You better adopt it because you know we we're the ones that are gonna to take care of you. So it's it's very much a you know you know trying to establish yourself as a safe. Trusted place you know in by using the sense of there's a villain here, right, which is the you know the genie getting out of the bottle and we're going to keep the genie in the bottle and as long as we can keep the genie in the bottle, then basically we're we're gonna to be the ones that you should trust to have this powerful new ability to grant wishes. So that's that's that's all this is. And you know the sooner we start seeing through all of these, the the better off we're gonna to be. Well, we probably won't, but you talked about this last week with OpenAI's acquisition Yeah and the announcement that they're going to sometime in the future, Yeah some time before the Mars landing, OpenAI is going to launch a series of wearables and it's gonna to be the third device and we're gonna to go to the moon and you know before the end of the decade. I mean, and by the way, Yeah by the way, the whole 6.5 billion dolacquisition, blah, blah, blah, that's all bullshit too, because OpenAI already already owned 23% of it. Exactly. They already owned they already owned him, right? And they were already working together. They've been working together for years. It's all this was, this is literally the equivalent of when musk basically you know gave x and Grock sort of the ownership of Twitter or the other way around or whatever you wanted it. You know it's basically shuffling you know cups on the table with the ball underneath, right? That's that's all that was. And so Hey, how do we make a little documentary about you know kind of a creepy documentary at that you know about all of this and what the potentials are? And that is something that can step on the the news of, you know, Google iOS 's event, right? So it's like pr and coms playbook. Rthere you go, just pet peeve was some of the, I go on Facebook once a day just to see what people are doing. And there's a couple of our friends, well, acquaintances that we have that they're making all the, they're making these Google videos with their new video platform. They're like, agencies are dead. Look what I made with this proyeah. I'm so tired of that crap. I'm so tired of it. There's a great one, by the way, on that. I almost put into the show notes for us. And you can look it up. The wall Street Journal actually did a made quote quote. You know, the headline is like we made a movie or something like that. And this reporter, awesome reporter from the wall Street Journal, made a movie out using Google veo, the new release. And you know it's it's as good and bad as you would expect it to be. But basically the whole point is is that it took a lot of time and it's not that good. And basically that she, and at the end, she shows all the bloopers, like all the weird, like just odd things that came out of it, right? You don't see all of that usually when these people post, right? You don't see the the awful weird you know lips that it put on a human or something like that, you know but she posts all the bloopers and it's it's fantastic. It's a fantastic piece, but it sort of illustrates what you're talking about. Very good. No. So we should just expect more of these to come because theoretically development is slowing down, at least the news cycle of it. So you'll see more of these types of events to make sure that the CEO's of all these companies, are you validated? You know Yeah let you know that great things are happening and we need to keep our market capitalizations as high. Exactly. Validation of the market cap. That's that's all this is. That's all this is. Well, on that note, let's talk a little bit about our AI layoffs hitting the corporate land. And that story comes to its courtesy of courts. Also big news this week, which is the headline, is the age of AI layoffs is already here. The reckoning, the reckoning is just beginning. That was not done accidentally. I guarantee you that word reckoning was not done accidentally by releasing the mission impossible. Anyway, the article opens up by saying simplifoso opened her slack in March and saw a Green check mark next to his team's name, checmark automation. It was small, just an icon and a single word, but it meant his role as head of security operations at a major consulting firm was gone. I don't believe that for 1s, but come on, I don't believe. How do you not believe it? Oh, my God. Automation. For months, hewatched, as his employer, developed and tested a machine learning system that could detect and soar to security threats his team's functions. I'm adopting an accent for this right until the digital system was as accurate as a human one. This meant that more than 2:00a.m.pages. But Boso was wary. At first, leadership spoke of upscilling analysts to oversee AI output. Soon, the language shifted to efficiency gains. Between December and January. I oscillated between relief and self doubt, he said in an interview. I told family and close friends this was a wake up call to pivot while privately wrestling with frustration and a bruised ego. Then came the layoff. And then basically, it goes on to talk about how this is happening to entry level management tech forward companies, Accenture, Microsoft, Duolingo, Walmart. Basically they're all sort of saying that they're either laying off people. Microsoft famously came out last week or week before last, and satachina dela said that 30% of all code now they were laying off engineers because all this code was being written, blah, blah, blah. You can probably hear in the tone of my voice what I think about this but I would love to get your take on this just quickly. Why do you when you say it why do you say it like an old tiy radio announcer like because it feels so here comes dick bunks to the plate that's fairly little man come to the plhas a head of hit and Oh Oh there bad I don't it feels very much at least all these stories feel very much to me like those 1930s newsreels it's like you President Truman walking Jones these people go through the thing through the assembly line and Oh there we are the miners the miners that are coming out proud of their work of mining in the coal mines all day you know it's like just give me a break you know with all this stuff you Yeah I'll be reading my my internal voice is going to be your voice Yeah reading these things what do you want? You want my take on this? Like what you and I mean I believe all of this article. I believe it and I don't I mean it's so here's here's why I think this is hitting us harder than it did for the the first time which was when we lost all the factory jobs is because all the people that were writing these articles were reviewing these articles didn't have factory jobs so they didn't care as much, and we didn't get the coverage. And it slowly happened and we lost all those factory jobs. This one is a reckoning. Because it's taken the people involved in the articles, it's taken their jobs. This is a big deal. Oh my God. The knowledge workers are losing their jobs. What are we to do? Right? That's where I take the differences. So we're just making a bigger deal out of it. This is technology. It's Yeah like hitting up, right? Yes, it's technology. This happens. It's already happened many, many, many, many, many times before. And here's just another cycle of it happening. So that's why we don't want to focus on jobs. We want to focus on skills and learning new skills and probably not working for people, but that's a whole different thing. Well, the here's the stupidity of all of this, right? Which is the the complete lack of acknowledgement of the irony of what these companies are saying, right? By the way, the anthropic CEO also made news this week for saying exactly this, right? The 20%, we could see unemployment rates as high as 20% in the coming five years and that half of all White collar workers could be laid off due to being replaced by AI. And so the question I have, first of all, with specificity to anthropic, and that is, you know and I've ranted many times about this idea of AI CEO's coming out with this sort of simultaneous, we're going to cure cancer and it's going to be all going to be you know unicorns and rainbows when AI replaces all these employees. But we're also going to see 20% unemployment and it's going to be a dystopian nightmare. And both of those are going to happen simultaneously. And I have no idea what to do about it, but basically everybody goes, let's let's give a big news article about the first part and just let him off the hook for the second part. And so here's my question for the anthropic CEO. And I actually just posted this on LinkedIn. My question for the anthropic CEO is, huh? Well, it's really funny that you say that 20% of all people are gonna to get laid off corporate America, and yet your enterprise licensing model is on a per seat basis. You're pricing things. So who's buying all these seats? And the second irony is, okay, if all these people are getting laid off, this whole idea of, Hey, AI is not gonna to take your job, but somebody using AI is. No, if AI is gonna to replace everybody, why should we even learn AI? Why should we even get good at it if it's going to just replace what we do anyway? There's just such a lack of just simple logic here in terms of the way that these people are talking out of the both sides of their mouth. So do I think that the article is real and that Microsoft is actually laying off people? Yes, 100%. You can see it happening. People are getting laid off. Is it because of a stupid decision because they overhired or do this or do other reasons that they're trying to manage this? That's what I believe 100%. I do not believe that these people are being capably replaced by AI as it stands today. So I absolutely believe that stupid decisions and that I'll grant a little later about the Duolingo guy in a bit, I do believe that stupid decisions are being made. And again, it comes back to that sort of marketing thing that we talked about at the very top of the show. To your point, this is when Microsoft says 30% of our code is this and blah, blah, blah. We're doing this amazing stuff with AI. That's the jazz hands as they sort of secretly lay off people for other reasons that they always do. This always happens with Microsoft and big companies that big swaths of people get laid off. And so that's sort of like hiding the bad news underneath some hyped up good news. And and we're just we can't buy into this idea because it's just it's just it's void of logic. No, I think that you have I think you're probably right on that one. I think that what we're missing out here is that this is a kind of a separate topic, but that's what it got me thinking of. We're seeing the greatest time we've ever seen maybe since farmers everywhere in the United States for entrepreneurship because of this kind of a thing. You're being like, I mean, actually, the article talks to this because the innovation here is company. Big enterprises can do what they're doing with less people. That's their current innovation because big companies generally don't innovate. So we're gonna to do what we're doing. We're gonna to have this big market cap, but our revenue per employee is going to be larger than it's ever been before because, look, we laid off all these people, but they're not. There's all these little gaps that are now open for people to come in using these AI skills that they're generally supposed to be using through anthropic and jetgpt that we can fill in this gap and start our own little businesses. So that's where I mean, when somebody says that been laid off from this company for this whatever, I'm like saying, okay. At the same time, there's another opportunity not too far away from where you just got laid off doing something that they can't do because they can't see it because they're too big. So anyways, I want people to say, Hey, there's I think that's, I think I think that's 100% correct. And I would just, you know, the question I always ask is, is, is, I think your calculus is right where the sort of headline thing is, look at all this stuff we can do with fewer, with fewer people, right, with with AI. And my corollary question is to say, well, okay, well then just imagine what you could do with AI with the same or more people if AI is this amazing productivity tool for humans, why wouldn't there be exponential gains to be had by having more or the same number of humans thathappen in the next cycle? Yes, the next. Yeah, exactly. This one's always we're in the what was two years ago. Three years ago, we all these companies were hiring all these people. That's all we talked about on this show. And then we went to, now we're going down to the bottom and now they're all laying off and then in a year and a half they're all gonna to be adding and they're going what you just said, they're gonna to say. That's a great point. No, that's a great point. So that's going to happen, but we're not there yet because this is a very certain we're in uncertain times. Robert, that's a great point. That's actually a really good point. I tip my hat to you, sir. We're both right. We're both right, as we always are, which is fun because nobody body's here to say we're wrong. That's right. Well, and on that note, while we're both in violent agreement with each other, let's pay a couple of bills. Let's do that. You don't become the world's most valuable women's sports franchise by accident. Angel City Football Club did it with a little help from HubSpot. When they started, data was housed across multiple systems. HubSpot unified their website, their email marketing and fan experience into one platform. This allowed their small team of three to build an entire website in just three days. The results, nearly 350 new signups a week and 300% database growth in just two years. You want to kick off some great marketing? Visit HubSpot dot com to hear how HubSpot can help you grow better. Am I talking too loud? Wait a minute. That's a cool podcast you should listen to. That's right. Talking too loud, hosted by Chris savage and brought to you by the HubSpot podcast network. In this podcast, Chris savage, whiskiest CEO and loudest talker, takes you inside the minds of entrepreneurs as they share a hilarious and informative and most challenging aspects of building more human brands. A recent episode featured the founders of cast magic, a company leveraging AI to reimagine content workflows. It's wonderfully loud. You can follow talking too loud wherever you follow your favorite podcast. So by the way, I'm working on you challenged me last week to come up with the song for that latter ad that sort of had a more Howard Jones feel that, Oh, I'm working on it. I'm working on it. So it's we got new ads coming in June, right? So our next show will be in June. So we'll have new ads then you just wait. I got I got something think I got something good for you. I'm very excited because you can never get enough. Howard Jones, no, I agree. Yeah. So thatthatbe super fun. I just thinking about this, you know, with that whole Angel City fc ad, I caught a thing that the evaluations of women's sports teams are through the roof right now. Like going which I'm so happy to see this. Yeah. But did you see also that Caitlin Clark is injured and the ticket prices for the fevers games like went to half overnight. Oh, they catch catch a cold. Yeah. Or a fever. Yeah. Oh, Oh, there you go. I believe that. I mean, you did there. I see. I see you. I see. Well, like the Dodgers just came to town to play the guardians. Thankfully, we took one out of three games. They're so good. But if you're going there to see shoheotani, who is amazing, by the way, yes, and show Hey doesn't play, it's you're paying half. You're paying even though that entire team Yeah is amazing, incredible. Oh, there's some great people on that team. I'm I'm I'm psyched for my Dodgers this year. Yeah Yeah you know, because they can spend a billion dollars on and and they hide all the money in all these weird ways. No salary cap. That's that's the that's the thing in baseball, right? I mean, it's not going to change. Unfortunately. My Yeah my son and I were talking about that and he was very after the first two losses to the Dodgers, we just got pummeled and like, what can we do? And I'm like, it's very difficult when they have six or seven people better than our best person, even though I love Jose Ramirez. It's like, come on, this is Yeah nuts. Well, I think you you pointed it at at one point. Like the payroll of the guardians is like x and then the payroll of like the Dodgers or the or the Red Sox or like y, it's like it's like it's it's crazy different. So I think the the payroll, the the listed payroll, the Dodgers right now I think is $320 million every year. Yeah, ours is 97. There you go. That's but but so heotan's salary is hidden. Like it's not even in that number because he took deferred. He basically is getting paid over the next like 172 years, and the entire Otani clan will make money forever, creates a generational wealth opportunity, already got a plot of land on Mars. Like is a lot of things that happened. Oh my God, that's so good. That's what I gress snever been thinking about this at all. It's not fair. It's not fair. Okay. Okay. Getting to our next story here. This is a really good one. The inamenable rand fishken posted on LinkedIn, and we'll link to that actual post in the show notes and basically said, a journalist asked me about the end of traffic decline of ctrs click through rates rise, ses zero, click everything. And he shared his unedited response since he often prefers those himself. And basically he shared what it looks like around ten bullet pointed observations around this, really just including a lot of things like basically, you know we've seen data declining on click ckthrough rates for the last seven years. Some of the steepest declines were prior to the advent of the current AI craze, but didn't receive any external coverage because there wasn't a hype cycle around it. Last year, Google search volume offset the drop in click through rates. Basically, they saw the highest query growth years of 22%, 5 trillion searches. And it goes on through this to make some observations around what's going on in zero click marketing, what's going on in search, what's going on in AI oriented search. I love his real talk about AI tools of search. They're sophisticated versions of spicy auto complete. It's a good line. It's a really good line anyway. So basically he goes through and sort of has some real talk around what's actually going on here. Any what were your major in? I had a few like ha, major insights from this, but I would love to hear yours. Yeah, I thought that the point about remember when Facebook was driving all that traffic? And then of course it wasn't. And just because something's not driving, traffic doesn't. And we just have to be smarter as marketers because it's like, Oh, okay. Well, I've seen some really good case studies about crazy things happening on reddit or YouTube, but you don't necessarily see the click. So there's lots of ways that you can get your brand out there, your trust out there, build an audience in different ways, but you're not going to see the click. So I love the fact that he says, Hey, you know, maybe traffic, direct traffic to your website is a vanity metric. He's been talking about this for a long, long time. So I love to see this and we're gonna to put this in the show notes because I think any marketer, if you haven't seen it, you really just need to go through it because you're probably you're probably getting questions from, Oh my God, what are we doing on Google now? All the seo work that we've done is dead. Well, maybe it's not maybe it's not going to be called seo anymore, but it's all part of marketing and we still want to be found in different ways. So what's the thing that like hit you the most? So his last conclusion, it was very validating for me because I've been reading him. I've been reading his partner in crime, Amanda nativida, and learning a lot, like I've been in learning mode for the past six months on this kind of stuff. And his last point, which is to be effective, digital marketing needs to go back to the 20 entieth century. Nudge people to know, like, trust and remember your brand through smart messaging, positioning and channel choices. Measure based on experimentation and lift, not attribution modeling, which I just so succinctly says, you know what takes me much longer to explain? But basically what I've been talking to my clients about is really the idea that footprint is the new reach, right? You know so basically, you've got to increase your footprint everywhere. And that means delivering value in LinkedIn. It means delivering value on other people's platforms. It means delivering value in speeches, on podcasts, on basically anywhere and everywhere. That is smart for you to target your audience. You want to create value in terms of footprint. So that and the value that's created in that footprint is so that people seek you out. They basically they seek you out and want to go to your website. In other words, there's not necessarily a link there to play with the you know the algos, a lot of direct traffic, correct? So you're getting a lot of like what who is this guy and what is their talking about? So that they search me out, right? So that they search search out my website. Then the key is, okay, what are you doing with your actual website? You're not repeating the footprint. You're creating whatever that next step is for them, whatever that conversion or transaction is there, right? So you're rolling out the red carpet and maybe a little bit of a velvet rope to create a bit of exclusivity and scarcity, digital scarcity for stuff that you can't get in the footprint. In other words, you have to up your level of value even more behind the velvet rope so that people want to either engage with your newsletter or engage with you you know personally, want na set up a meeting with you, want na convert in your e -commerce store, want na you know sign up for a trial, whatever those things are, the function, the sort of content function of your ultimate website, your sphere of influence, if you will, really changes. And I think that sort of shift is tough for a lot of marketers that spent so much time building big blogs, big you know big resource information with lots of pdf's and lots of you know things on their website that sort of created that initial value footprint based on search. But now you've got to create that knowledge that you know that education, that engagement, that entertainment, that footprint everywhere else. And then your home page, your website has to become something more transactional, something more where you're pulling people into wanting to have that valuable conversation with you. And it's just A I mean, he says it in two sentences. What took me sort of four paragraphs to mention. But I think that's it's such a valuable lesson for us right now. More things like when I see the benefits, when we launched our research program back in zero eight, zero nine, where that was covered so many different places and we have the resources on our website. Yeah. And if you look at and you know I don't know if you do it, but you just do random queries into jetgpt or claw just to see what they're where are they getting it? Where are they citing. I love the new research capabilities where I can see where they're citing and why they're citing it. A part of that is the same type of thinking that we had 15 years ago, just about putting out something trust that positions you as a leading expert in something other people want to talk about that and then being able to build that relationship with customers directly ongoing. Because that is it's such an important point that you just made because that is where the elevation of brand marketing is such an important piece these days. Because if you are the trusted source of an interesting thing, whatever that interesting thing is, basically you're, a, you're going to get cited, and b, the citation itself is going to be in a different category. Because if you think about it, one of the things that happens in those deep research queries and prompts is that it says basically what level of citation would you like you know would you like academic? Would you like you know you know practitioners in the business? Would you like you know everything? And if you're just seeing a sort of you know you know Joe do's blog, then you're probably not going to get cited. But if you're seen as a trusted resource, a consistent trusted resource of interesting things, you're likely to you're much more likely to get cited in those situations and therefore be you know the new version of sought out or found. Absolutely. So it does make it does make a case for, Hey, what do we want to position ourselves around? And has anybody done some real in depth research around this thing? Because anyways, great piece by great piece. We've given him enough compliments though. You've called him a lot of really like the impressive, the amazing, like you really open one day, he notices and actually like says hi, he doesn't listen. I don't think he listens to this. I don't think I think he's like definitely really not a he would have to dumb himself down to such a point. Like we you know, we tend to do that the dumber wehave to be willing to enter the Dumery. Like we should do a research project and we should check everyone's intelligence level right before they listen to this old marketing and then immediately after and see what the effects are. That's our brand value, folks. That's our brand value. You will be dumber. You would bet on it. You will. Oh, that's nice. That's good. There we go. So our next story here is print is dead. Just don't tell Microsoft that. This one, making the cockles of Joe's heart warm and giving him a golden dome, as it were. Anyway, article. I'm sorry, I'm in a mood, folks. The article opens up by saying print magazines weren't expected to survive the digital age, yet they're still holding on, if not always thriving in 2024. Several news stories highlighted a small but notable resurgence. Publications like vice, nylon, and playboy, which had previously abandoned their print editions, began reviving them, albeit in limited runs. Print shifted from the default medium to a luxury item, a premium add on for those willing to pay extra and now and now, as axios reported recently, even corporate storytelling is going analog, including among companies driving the digital revolution. Last week, Microsoft launched signal 120 page magazine targeting business leaders. The first issue includes an essay by Bill Gates, a Q&A with Satia Addela, the CEO, and a lifestyle section at the back that's that's so good. The Microsoft lifestyle section, right? Because I mean, exactly. Yeah, I want to I want to look at it just to see what the relax ing your clippy nightgown here's our new couch. It's called the dos called you know we sell windows now physical windows anyway. Oh my God. I would totally love that. I would buy a Microsoft window. Yeah, I would. That's it. It's happening. We made it. Clayton, the vice president, Microsoft communication strategy, said he was inspired to launch signal after reading an October 2024Joe pellitzi post. Now, sorry, a New York Times story about the success of Costco connection, a magazine, the retail chain launch in 1987 and it's now the third largest magazine in the country. And blah, blah, blah goes off on the comeback of print. Seems like they're sort of catching up to where you've been for the last five years. What any any extra take on this? It's first of all, there's no come there's no comeback in print, right? Really savvy marketers have been doing print. We talked about the red Bulletin. I think they're in between 1.5 and 2 million circulation of print for that publication. You know, Costco's gray Walmart, Sam's club has a publication. Mazda has a publication. A lot lego, since 1987, they've changed names a couple times, but they went for brick kicks to lego magazine and it's still paying off for them. So smart marketers are doing it. If there's an opportunity for you to target a group of people, then you want na change their behavior, maintain their behavior in a certain way. Print is a really good option for you to look at. But there's a number of people that probably listen to this publication that at a certain point in time, and I don't know what year that was, but it was probably like ten or 15 years ago, they had decided, Hey, everything's online now. We don't need to do this up. We don't need to do in person. We don't need to print these billboard. These options are still around and they're still working for a lot of people. They might work for you if you give it some time and might not if you don't. Whatever. So great. Microsoft does a publication. I'm happy for him. It gets a lot of attention. It helps some people make a decision that yes, maybe that maybe we shouldn't be blind to that opportunity. Yeah, Yeah I don't have a lot to add to that. I think that's just, I think that's well said. And it's, it's it's Yeah, I'm glad they're getting publicity for it. You know and I guess that's maybe the message there, right? Which again, in this new world of marketing and and comms, right, how do you get how do you get coverage? You do something that's been done for 50 years, but you sort of claim that it's new and you know good for them for for getting a good Press release out and getting some coverage here on on a print magazine. But like you said, it's nothing new. I would be surprised if in the next couple years you didn't see one or two of the airlines bring their publications back. I think it's going to be a thing. I think you've got you've got some people that don't want to sit on a plane and then stare at a screen, and they stare at a screen all the time. Sometimes they do want to actually look at something different. So maybe that major an opportunity, it could be, could very could very well be Yeah, it could lean back. We talked about it. It's the lean back versus the lean forward. Lean forward I'm looking what I'm wanto answer lean back is I'd like to to read just like to normally Yeah, I don't normally take it. So there you go. There you have it. All right, let's get to our winners and losers here where Joe and I pick a recent winner from the week of marketing or recent loser in the week of marketing. Would you like me to go first or would you like to go? I'll go first. Mine's really quick. I've been noticing I spent some time on LinkedIn lately, and I have been noticing that they're is it really I mean, we've talked about the power of compending for a long time, but it seems when I talk to somebody that says how to be successful on LinkedIn with your overall strategy for getting people to notice you, I think commenting is the first place to go. And there's a lot of people that do it well. And for example, I have this really good example here from Robert rose. Oh dear. I know. I don't know. I actually, I'm totally impressed, sir, with your commenting strategy. You seem to like you comment a lot more than you create content on the platform. And there's like one, there's a couple, if you look, I'm at, by the way, if you're looking at the YouTube thread, I'm just looking at some of the helpful comments. But if I go to your comments, your comments get a lot of traction. Like you it's it's pretty impressive like kind of how you've got your your thing like you commented on a crisp pran article recently, you got like 30 likes on that and you got all these people like it's and you you don't just say for the, I mean, sometimes you say, Hey, thanks for the shout out. But most of the time, like you give something like really different and it's sort of in your style and people can read a lot into what you're all about and what you stand for that way. So I just say, Hey, if people wanna know like how do how do I take a commenting strategy on LinkedIn? And it's really working today day. Look at Mr roses. Well, that's very nice of you to say. I mean, and thank you for noticing because it is actually A, I think about it, you know, and I will tell you honestly, the rationale is I often my thinking is is that rather than sort of post sort of some, you know which I see a lot of people doing, you know just posting these sort of randomly long pieces that are sort of blog post dressed up as LinkedIn posts and purposely designed to try and get a lot of comments. And in some cases they do for some people. You know in some cases they don't for some people. And rather, I think I want na, and I mean this earnestly. I want na recognize where there is real insight happening, right? More often than not, that's not me with people who really bring something interesting to bear. And then I usually have something to say for it. So that's where I'm gonna to say it. And I just want, na, you know, one of my other is is to recognize great work. Like I really, I'm such a passionate believer in recognition of good good thinking and good work. So in many ways, all I'm really trying to do is surface and raise the bar on the good thinking there, right? As opposed to the sort of spammy crap that you see so much of on LinkedIn. Well, I'd kudos to you and I don't know how long this is gonna to last, but LinkedIn is kind of the last bastion for commenting works. Yes, that's right. Like besides, because most of these platforms are just Hey, Oh, TikTok and you, I'm just engaging, right? I'm just engaging engaging you're consuming. You actually can say you can still say, well, your where's your audience hanging out? Are you following these 20 people? You follow a couple big names, you follow a lot that are sort of in the middle that are making their strides and you you know, you pay attention, pay attention. So there go, well, like it. Well, thank you for that. That's that's that's lovely. That's lovely. All right. My loser this week is Duolingo and specifically the Duolingo CEO and will link to a fortune article, which also has the perfect picture of the Duolingo CEO that matches my sort of loser feel here basically. So I ranted two weeks ago on this show about him talking about you know when that memo, quote unquote, got leaked again, see above where we talked about all the marketing strategy, where he basically said, we're going to become quote unquote, AI first. And people are going to have to justify new hires with you know how it can't be replaced with an AI and you're going to be measured on your use of AI and all that kind of stuff. And we're going to be looking at replacing you know people with AI and all that. And now he's walking all that back because, guess what? It kind da didn't go well for him. He had a lot of internal pushback from his employees. He obviously got a lot of social media pressure from those comments, including, you know, years, ours, truly. And basically he's walking those things back saying, no, no, no, no, no. It's not about replacing people. It's all about productivity. It's all about basically helping our people become more productive with AI and not replacing people. Basically, the world sort of either instinctively or explicitly understood the total irony of basically saying, Hey, you have to justify any new hire with why it can't be replaced with an AI and basically made the leap to, well, how do I justify my existence? You know, if that's and so what's the end game here? Well, as to replace me, well, maybe I should just leave now kind of thing and find, you know and basically let AI replace me so I go find another job. And then of course, you know the reality starts to sink in. It's like, no, no, no, we don't want you to leave. We you know, we're not looking for you to leave. So that whole idea is just evident here, but this becomes sort of and this is the reason I'm picking it out as a loser is because this is the implication of some of the you know this is the other side of the coin of when you do that sort of new marketing and coms playbook. This is often what you're going to have to do is walk a lot of that stuff back after the backlash or the implications of what you actually just said without thinking it through. And we've talked so much about you know if you're to have purpose driven marketing or if you're trying to take a position on a particular issue or if you're going to basically try and go out with some sort of purpose driven mission around your content, your thought leadership, your brand, you better believe it. You better 100% believe it and think it through and make sure the institution, not just you, even if you're the CEO, not just you, but you basically the institution believes it too, because if you don't, you are more likely to get thrown under the bus and have to walk stuff back. So it's you know it's just a, it's just a, you know it becomes a bit of a stain on your brand and then you have to work to get that trust back and you just can't really afford to do that a lot these days. And I wish they would all just say, look, so who's our who are our best marketers? Our best marketers in an organization are our employees. They're are most valuable. What they say about it, people look to them. If you work for a company, and I would before they make some of these large, profound statements, I wish they would say, how is this going to affect our most vital of stakeholders? Like what are they going to think and talk about and whatever? And the second thing I think about is, do you and this is a question I have because I don't know the answer, but do you think a company like a Duolingo or a Babel that basically teach people how to you know learn a language, do you think that that's going to go down with the advent of you know being a device in my ear and I'll be able to understand somebody else? Do you think people will are less likely to learn another language? No, I don't necessarily, because the having a technology as a crois, certainly for those of us who are not going to learn another language because we're either at an age where that's not interesting to us or whatever, but I do believe that learning another language isn't just about being able to get along. Reason that the motivation behind, and I'll do this as an example, my wife my wife is learning Spanish, and it's not so that she can get along when she's traveling to Mexico, which she does maybe once or twice a year, or because she's trying to you know have more meaningful conversations with people in Spanish, is because she really wants to better herself and learn the language, learn another language. So I think the motivation behind why you learn another language is not the same as the motivation of you using a technology. So to me, the number of and this is I've not done any total addressable market studies or anything like that around this. You're not a transyeah. I'm not a marketing expert here, but my gut tells me that the motivation for the icp here is different for using a technology to automatically do it, like AI or using your phone to actually automatically translate, which is literally about how do I get along in this country and order a beer without looking like an idiot? It is different than why I want to learn how to speak Spanish or French or Japanese or Chinese or something like that. So I just was was curious, by the way, when you learn another language, it's really good for the brain. Oh, it's also you're also concerned Yeah if you're concerned in any way about the degradation of your brain network, learning a language or or you're all into the instrument or singing or things like that definitely, definitely so there. Yeah, you're into the neuroplasticity these days. I know man, I'm all I'm all about the brain health. Brain health, body health is all that good stuff so speaking of brain health, now let's get to our rants and raves where Joe and I go off in a little bit of a rant or a little bit of a rave that makes us feel like we have a golden dome or makes us feel like Canada, which we can get in for the low, low, low price of dollar, $61 billion. So did you see that, that he's offering up Canada to become the 50 first state and his deal is basically you can come in and our qvc special for golden dome or you're going to have to pay. We're seeing especially because we're so close to Toronto and the Canadian border, we're seeing a lot of billboards in Cleveland, Ohio for because it says the one that I saw the other day was $1 equals one dolone 36 in Canada or something like that. It's like, come enjoy yourself. We're on sale or something like that. Just having a having a good time with it. There it is. There it is. All right. So let's see you got a rant or a ray or what? I got a just a comment Yeah, commentary. I'll I'll go ahead up with this article up here. There's many articles. I just this is one from morning brew. Businesses are on a bitcoin buying spree. And basically it's just interesting to see how many companies out there are using parts of their treasury or the cash that they have as part of their enterprise and they are putting that money instead of the regular outlets cash and maybe even the stock market on occasion or bonds. They're putting that into bitcoin. And there seems to be like a little run. It's having its moment here first. The first company to actually really get into the space was Michael sailor's MicroStrategy, which is now called strategy. And they basically transform their entire company into a business intelligence company, to a bitcoin treasury company. And that's literally what they do now. They own, I think it's 580000 bitcoin worth almost $100 billion. Like and and what's interesting, so when I first heard that they were doing, and by the way, just so most everyone knows this, but I wasn't, I started, became interested in bitcoin in 2016. So I bethis is almost ten years. I've been orange pilled for for the ride here, and I love seeing this. But Michael Saylor was the first like company CEO that really seemed to get behind it in the year 2000. And he started to say, look, instead of putting my excess cash into dollars that are being inflated as we speak and they're worth less every day, I want to put it in something that's going to be worth more and more and more, and I'll perform everything else. And he started into doing that into bitcoin. And now his comp's stock has, I think, since 2000, gone up something like 3000% or more. It's like it's been, it's the best performing stock in the over the list, but they're basically a bitcoin reserve. Now they're bitcoin reserve. They're a bitcoin reserve. So it's worked for them. And now you see a lot of other companies doing it. Squares been dabbling. And it, of course, we talked about Tesla years ago, but game mestop just made a big purchase, 500 million, 500 million. And then Trump Trump media is putting at least putting aside $25 billion for this. It's just interesting to see right now it's a big part of marketing because when you say you're going to do this, your stock generally gets a bump. This is a short term thing. It's not going to happen over a long period of time. I think what you're seeing right now is this is actually becoming a thing because of the fact, especially in the United States, where it looks like if this budget goes through and everything happens, we are going to be printing a lot more money because the deficits going to be into the multiple trillions. And it's kind of sad. So what's what's real? So basically what's happening is is that if you own stocks, if you own real estate, those will be worth more dollars because every dollar is going to be worth less because there's more in circulation. That's sort of how it works. Bitcoin works the same way, but better because there's a cap on bitcoin. There's never going to be any more than 21 million bitcoin, and it's known as hard money versus the us dollar, which is weak money. So the more this had just just let this public service announcement, the more we print dollars, the more these other things will be worth more dollars because the dollar is worth less. So you're seeing this really start to happen right now. And right now it's about marketing. But long term, you're seeing the transformation from gold and some of these other formerly hard assets into digital gold, which can be transported, a lot of benefits transported and more secure and those types of things. So Yeah, there you go anyway. No, that's good stuff. That's good stuff. I was just looking while you were talking up 11% in the last six months. I mean, it's crazy now. It's 100, 600 bitcoin. Yeah, bitcoin Yeah. Bitcoin was the top performer in the last year, up 61% year over year. It's been up this year versus most things down. I mean, and it's it's just because of what's going on now, the environment. Yeah. I mean, if I was, if I'm reckon I actually had somebody ask me, a very Young person like, what should I do? I said, Oh Yeah, like put ts your funds, get a Roth ira, find a nice total stock market index fund with low expense ratio and start putting your dollars in on a regular basis. And if I was, you take up percentage of that and just stick it every month into bitcoin and just forget about it. Yeah. So that's right. There you go. Okay, Yeah, it's part of your portfolio now, for sure. For sure. Yeah, I would think so. Yeah, but Hey, what do I know? I don't I don't know these things. I'm just you know, I'm just a fan. Just a fan. I'm just a fan. All right, I have a quick rant which is right in line with what seems to become our theme for this show, which is sort of the messaging you know Press release as product release. And it's it's a the link that we'll put in the show notes as to an Ad Age article which says basically this startup wants to rebuild brand websites for AI shopping agents. And here's its pitch deck. And it basically covers this idea of this new startup called new generation. And they're trying to answer the what's now being called the answer engine optimization space, which we talked about last week and how much ridiculousness that is at the moment. And so basically what their theory is, and this is what the pitch deck sort of goes through, is that it's a new kind of website, basically a new kind of commerce experience. And what they're talking about is basically taking an e -commerce website that might exist today, built for the ways the human might browse the catalog and browse the different products and find something that they want, and then ultimately put that in their shopping cart and buying it and basically restructuring the entire website, assets, product images, offers, all that sort of stuff that you would normally find on A E commerce website, and then layering in over the top of that some sort of shopping agent that would speak, or you know selling agent, let's put it that way, to the customers shopping agent which would speak to that. So if you were using ChatGPT or some other you know sort of AI engine to basically go shop for a new dress or go shop for a new thing or a travel or whatever it is, this apparently this sales agent would then be able to surface all this content in your quote unquote, new website. And it's basically going to you know help you with this new structure. And this is the new design that you need to do at a very specific url and basically making a sort of adjacent representation of your of your new website. And it's one of those things where it's like, you know it's it's like it's a little bit like the blue dot on the canvas as an art piece. It's like, you go, I could totally do that, but I didn't do that. Like, okay, I got to appreciate the offer here, right? The sort of the pitch deck because I know it's going to work like they're going to get new customers that actually do this. But the silliness of this is just is a you know, having come from the world of website design, having come from the world of content management, having come from the world of it's like if your e -commerce site right now isn't structured content in a database where you could literally just put a search query over the top of it, then you need to rethink your e -commerce website. But most commerce websites, whether you're on Shopify or whether you're on some sort of, you know, have the ability you know there's headless cms. There's all sorts of things that have that have come along in the last ten years that have made you know structured e -commerce websites. That much more structured etc.. For most companies, the real job here is literally to put a smart, you know, if you want to do this, it would literally just be removing or basically having a different version of your database available to a smart chatbot that can surface up all your product images, that can surface up the thing and serve it out to a chatbot as it's you. In other words, you already have this probably you already this is you do not need to go through a multimillion dollar website redesign in order to do this for your particular idea. So is there any urgency to do this? There is not because for most, not I say for everybody, but for most, this is something that you probably already have the capability to do. And so it's like you look at the pitch deck here and you go, Oh, you know, I go, okay, you know, I can appreciate the sort of positioning this as some new way of doing website design, but at the same time, the sort of veteran and me, you know, the sort of, you know, welcome to Shoby 's kid. That part of me says, stop, this is just, this is nonsense. So caveat emtor for this. If you have an e -commerce website and you're interested in this, explore how easy this could be with your structured content and the way that you manage your current products, your skus, your imagery and all of that. Because if you were to literally just to put in some sort of shopping or selling agent over the top of it, you probably already have this with about four clicks and a smart AI you know bot. But you know there you go. Yeah but this example from at age, it says our super soft yoga sets are designed with hot yoga in mind. That's a great example. I Yeah Yeah I don't really know what hot yoga is. I'm asme. You haven't never done hot yoga. I've I've done the I've done peaceful yoga, which I'm assuming is not like no hot yoga. I don't know. The hot yoga is basically yoga and usually pretty strenuous yoga, but you do it in a room that's like 95 degrees. So you, I don't do that. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I do my, I do cool downward dog. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. There you go. So you sweat like that and it basically, it was, by the way, born here in Los Angeles, the hot yoga, the hot yoga term was born here in Los Angeles with a very specific yoga master who used to teach it in all these classes and it became like the hot thing for celebrities. And it's now, Yeah, so your hot yoi think I did deputy dog yoga is what is the yoga I did that's that's what I did all right that's Yeah that's that's you know all right what's going on there's there's got to be some sort of headline for this show like hot yoga and clickbait or something like that Oh Yeah hot yoga and AI agents Yeah you got whatever bait something like that we'll figure it out I'll put it into ChatGPT I'll say give me a title that Robert would hate. Yoga and cheese caves. Yeah picheese grotto, hot grodo, hot grodo, hot grodo. Anyway, does they're like lava when you bite into them. No, it's gone too long. Okay. Yeah, very quickly. I have nothing going on other than work for this weekend. It was a short week but getting getting you know just continuing work. How about you? I have I actually the weather is finally starting to break here in Cleveland. So we're actually getting some good weather, but I am excited about two movies coming up. One is that ballerina movie, the John wick. Yeah John wick. And I want to see the new Wes Anderson movie. It's getting really excuse Yeah and I want Yeah, I want to want check that out as well. I imagine our friend Wally Coval is going, yes, right about Hey, I gotta imagine that Yeah, every Wes Anderson movie is a little bit of a bump for accidentally Wes Anderson. Yeah, that's right. We will see. All right, all right. Well, there we go. Thank you so much, everybody, for making it this far. We hope you enjoyed the show and we will see you again next week with a regular show. And just remember, until we see you again next week, of course, it's your story. You know take some time. And actually you tell it well and we'll see you again next week on this old marketing. Hey, thanks a lot for making it this far in this week's episode. And thank you all for being a part of this old marketing. You can check out all the show notes of what we talked about today at this old dmarketing. Com. And it's also where you can leave us a review or a voicemail. We need those reviews and comments on whichever platform you follow us on. And if you haven't followed the podcast, please go do that and make sure you catch the latest and greatest episodes every Friday morning. We're on apple and Spotify and all your other favorite podcatchers, of course, but welove it if you went over and subscribe to us on YouTube. That's right, YouTube. YouTube com slash this old Martin. We'll see you again next week, folks, with another episode of this old marketing. Thank titrage stradicent cent en.
