---
ticker: DUOL
type: podcast_transcript
title: "Duolingo (DUOL) Earnings Crash Explained | 41% Growth, 50M Daily Users & Stock Selloff Breakdown"
podcast: ""
date: 2025-11-07
audio_url: https://api.substack.com/feed/podcast/178249131/80306702a43c9dab4fbff4e2e40c8585.mp3
language: en
chars: 11447
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# Duolingo (DUOL) Earnings Crash Explained | 41% Growth, 50M Daily Users & Stock Selloff Breakdown

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2025-11-07

---

## Transcript

Welcome back to some investors. Dulina just reported earnings, and they smashed their earnings report once again. Revenue up 41%, daily users of 36%, and profits explode to nearly $300 million. That is. But there's a twist here. The stock went down massively and maybe tax benefit or maybe ly, maybe it's because of AI like it was the last quarter or maybe, maybe, maybe. But is the strong growth story over? Or is it just a clever accounting maneuver that is going to come back and bite aminto? The aswe're going to find out that and much more today in this video. Also, we're going to take a look if the stock right now is a buy, a sell and forget about it, a long term investment or who knows, maybe just buy some puts on it. Nevertheless, you have to check out Duolingo's revenue and the earnings report right now. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm Norbert Manhart right here at wealththat. Build and protect wealth. So like and subscribe. And let's get started with the video because dual lingo's, world's most popular English, French, Spanish so far and so on, Portuguese, Japanese, everything that you want is the world's most popular learning language learning app. And now it's expanding into new subjects like math and even chess. Then the chess users are pretty happy about them. The stock has been on a tear in 20, 25 here. It gave back some wins. It was over. It was up over 70% year to date, whereby relentless user growth and AI driven products. But let's take a look at their earnings highlight. Anyway, before we do that, I just want to mention what they what the CEO said in restwe passed and a quote now we passed a major milestone this quarter. More than 50 million people people now use Duolingo every day. I'm sorry. I bit the tip of my tongue yesterday and I'm talking like an idiot. Sorry about that. We had a great 20, 25 so far with yand, reus both up 40% or more in the first nine months compared to the same period last year, all while expanding profitability. And I just want to give you the gist of it. They did mention or CEO mentioned that he's concentrating now on growing user base, just like Amazon did. And this is a great example to Amazon. Amazon, their stock just destroyed a couple of years back, and they were investing in investing money, only concentrating on getting more people in. And as soon as they got those people in, they started monetizing them. So they're currently concentrating on growing, although they had going to go over their earnings, they had massively, massively great earnings. They're concentrating on growing their user base, meaning free free users, meaning less revenue maybe and maybe converting them into more revenue later on down the road. But let's just quickly go over their the shoulder letter because the mission statement is really interesting. Our mission is to develop the best, the best educational best education in the world and make it universally available. And he, as content creators, did a couple of courses. I know how important it is, work on those little details on really, really giving the user the best experience. Not only the best experience, but he has to come back to your product or refer your product with the certain geant that he really learned something from it. So always rely on that product will teach you something that's really important. Okay, let's go over the highlights here. So elactive users hopped into q free 2:35 36% to 50 million users. They monthly active users. So that was the daily, the monthly active users, 135 million, up 20% to the previous year. They pay subscribers up 34% to 11.5 million. Apay, scriscriber and attration 9%. Also, let's go over the financial metrics. Revenue up 41% to 271 million in quarter free, 2025. Total bookings up 43% year to year to a Wapping 281.9 million. Net income 292 million and adjusted ebita 80 million. That is up 29%. Also, let's take a look at their guidance and I just let me just read this quote for them. So in you, fewe decided to shift the balance towards longer term initiatives. In particular, we are investing proportionally more in teaching better just just as I said when I realized that my courses needed to because I also did a couple of web development courses at the heart. I love coding, but enough about that. And I realized that after my first course, that the quality, not the video, not only the audio, but the feeling, the how good you tasomething something, somebody, something is at the essence is at also, audio needs to be good. Video needs to be good because you have to see what happens there. But once again, the teaching quality, the flow of information, the feedback that you're getting with that information, the questions that need to be answered, that is teaching, okay? Just like in the class, you have a good teacher, you're happy to go into to go to his class, you have bad or his or her class, you have a bad teacher. It's not even that you're interested. Anybody, even a good teacher can make you interest and grow your interest in that material, physics or whatever. So we are prioritizing using growth over monezation in the ab test that get at launch. The shift is reflected in our four year guidance. We are doing this now because we want to keep growing users for a long time and because of our increasing convictions that AI can fundamentally change what's possible in how we teach. If we develop an app that is more engaging than and teaching as well as a personal career plus multiple subjects, we think we will become a much bigger business in the long term. So the long term okay how long this this less well if I'm a rulling investor that I wanted to last forever it don't pay dividends although evitable knows sq four I'm expected so this is their outlook sq five x I'm about a number of products initiatives we are introducing player versus player on our chess course. That's cool a new flashcut Oh, by the way, the thing that AI can beat a human player, well, it's just great. But I have been beaten by AI in multiple games. If you're a gamer that you know and you know that you can be beaten by AI, that's the pc, that's the computer as you can beat it. And at the end of the day, it's much fun playing against humans because you can say at the end of the day, haha, and no, that's not why, but we don't want to play necessary against pve player versus environment. We want to be a pvp. We want to be the best chess player between humans, not between AI and humans. That's that's not a concern here. So yes, worry about AI new flashcards, I continue exercise or better word memorization and new guide guide video calls format that should help increase max adoption. Q4 also brings two of our biggest annual events that is here in review and our New Year's promotion. Both are high impact events with global reach that we believe it will set up for a strong finish of the year and also believe that now let's take a look at the stock reaction because this was just awful. So here we go. Duolingo, this is one day, 25% fall down. Five days, 27%. One month, 40%. Six month, 61%. Year to date, 40%. Year to year, 37%. All time 37% stock is the ipo is not that long ago. Currently through this, it's a $192 stock falling from let's say a 500 stock. Okay, let's just just keep this in mind. 550, 520a share to 192a share currently currently. Okay, so let's take a look at the S&P here and I'll got to explain just in a couple of minutes why I make this comparison. So S&P, as you can see, is the S&P 500, the top 500 companies in the world in where the S&P goes up, comes down and it goes up and it comes down and it take longer, but it goes up and comes down, goes up and comes down. Now this is the bulk of the five most powerful companies in the world. But if we can see here, Yeah also black redark days even not only days but from February till April, it was really dark. So a bunch of stocks also had the back day black days. Amazon, as I just mentioned, apple had a massive pullback as this Google had a massive pullback but this is the end of dual ingo. I don't think so. And let's just do here a little bit of technical analysis on it. If take a look at the rsi, massively oversold on a daily at 19 mathe clear cell signal, the kmou cloud. Clearly this is the weekly imocloud, clearly outside the cloud, underneath the cloud, really bearish. Let's now go on the weekly chart here. Massive seloff. It is two on the day moving average. As I said, the stock is not out that long. It's as in ipo, it headed in on the 20 eighth of July 2021. So as usual, ipo up then down. And now this is interesting. Went above its ipo price, stayed above its ipo is fluctuating. Then when they went higher, this is 2025. So yes, with AI, it went even higher. And now it came back and its testing was already underneath its ipo Board Term ipo price movement, July till the top 20 of September. So if you're a long term holder for Duolingo, again, this is not financial advice. I'm not a financial advisor. Just take this as education and research purpose. Do your own research, make up your own mind. A Duolingo at this point, if your long term investor could be a potential, I'm not I don't have Duolingo stuff, but at this point, I'm seriously looking at Duolingo also because go back and watch my weekend video on gap filling. This right here is a gap. Can see this little candle right here. This was a gap. Now this gap needs to be filled, but it go up, but it go down once more. I don't know. I can see in the future, but just know the gaps need to be filled on a technical level, this could be a good trade on a long term thesis. I don't know what to tell you if you want to go to the options table. So if you don't want to just buy the stock, I just say Duolingo will go even further. You could do following, you could don't have to do this. You could do go to the December expiration day, the of December 43 days out and do this tomorrow. Look at the underneath the expected move. So the expected move is currently 43. Up or down you is more to the downside as you can see here. So if you would take this 150 day. 150 strike and wait until the market opens because you can place them. Okay, you could place them, but not a good idea. Place this put right here, sell this put, you will currently get 290 or although I would try to get the middle price, which is $305, if the stock never goes to 150, or you could just go and create a, you can buy leaps. So go out January the fifth, take the 81. You I would like something more than 81, maybe 85. Buy this call, 130 call, go back to December and sell against it. A let's say, zero point 24 delta 57 call. It would cost you $8000. But this is a synthetic stock. Then instead of paying almost $20000 for a stock, it would pay $8000 for the stock, $8500, let's just say, and get a really good return if this plays out and if olingo whes up on a higher bracket. But let me hear your thoughts in the comment section below. Is this a buy? Is this a complete sale of the olingo? I really like the stock here. Think about buying it. Or more information of what moves I do in my portfolio. Check out my substack from a pay member even than you're going to see everything that I do. This being said, I'm nomanheart T. I build and protect health. You're watching wealth. Thb, give this video a like. Subscribe to the channel for further talk, views and catch you next time. Stay safe out there. Bye, bye, bye.
