---
ticker: DUOL
type: podcast_transcript
title: "Oracle’s Blistering Backlog; Nebius + Microsoft AI Deal; Is Duolingo Dying? $ORCL $NBIS $DUOL"
podcast: ""
date: 2025-09-12
audio_url: https://traffic.megaphone.fm/APO8205284819.mp3
language: en
chars: 56957
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# Oracle’s Blistering Backlog; Nebius + Microsoft AI Deal; Is Duolingo Dying? $ORCL $NBIS $DUOL

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2025-09-12

---

## Transcript

Welcome to chitchat stocks, a podcast that helps you discover your next great investment. I am one of your hosts, Ryan Henderson, and I am joined, as always, by the one and only Brett Schaefer. This is one of our weekly power hour episodes. We've got a couple topics. We had to be a little creative this week. It's dead earning season. We've got a couple interesting topics. Though Duolingo seems to be getting crushed, people are worried that the business model could collapse. Apparently, we've got a number of listener recommendations for stocks to look at. We've got news on chipotle. We've got, I think, five different listener recommendations on companies to talk about. So we're gonna to dig into all of those. Number of them are new to us. We'll go through some of them. But before we do a quick reminder, please like or give us a review if you enjoy these shows and follow us on whatever your podcast player is. So apple podcasts, Spotify, that way you will never miss an episode. Brett, how are you today doing? Well, Yeah, we got a lot of stuff to cover. Thank you to the listeners for sharing some stocks. We want to look at just a little t's, some cybersecurity stuff, Internet of things company that kind of looks interesting, if I'm being honest, a really cheap online gambling company. And of course, some AI stuff, luckily, as in each week, there is new AI and cloud infrastructure news for us to cover as well as some bubble watch stuff. And when you said, you know, finding new stocks to buy the Ryan, we did get a nice review again this week for someone on apple podcast saying that we're a show that helps find new stocks that they can research above all else. That's our goal here. And then the second thing I'll say is we're recording this before the episode is coming out. But for anyone listening, on Friday, we recorded an interview with David greunner. It's going to be out in your podcast feeds. We're super excited about this. One of our Mount Rushmore guests has a new book coming out. We asked, I think, a ton of interesting questions, different questions that he gets asked on most financial media outlets. So if you want to hear the answers to those, that's my little tease. Go listen to that one. I think, Ryan, we should start with chipotle. Multiple listeners wanted us to talk about this one. It's down. I don't know. We can check it on fical AI really quickly here, but down significantly from the peak. I'll let you start. What are your initial thoughts on the drawdown and what's happening with this business? Yeah, maybe you can check the drawdown real quick or actually, it looks like I'm pulling it up here on fiscal, I believe it's around down like 40% roughly, but I'll double check it here in a second. The my the question I pose, Yeah, it's down 42%. The question I tried to pose to people on socials this week, and I think I already know your take because you came up with this take a couple of years ago, but has tripotle peaked. So the big thing is that last quarter, they reported negative 4% comp restaurant sales growth. That is their first decline in comp store sales since the pandemic. But if you exclude the pandemic since the e cola crisis, and there have been difficult economic environments throughout that time, but even during the interest rate Spike from last year, they were able to show great comps or sales. And it's really just been overall a pretty solid last five years for them. And they've grown through difficult environments that I mean, one of the benefits for them is that no, they aren't fast food, but they are a cheaper alternative if you're looking for a healthy option. But getting a ten bretable wwhatever, it is that's a lower cost alternative to going out to a restaurant, which ends up having them be in sort of the right spot even in the difficult macro environments for consumers. However, right now, we have seen an overall slowdown across pretty much all fast casual dining concepts. And part of it is, I think, consumer weakness that consumers are just maybe dining out less or they're trading down. We've seen positive numbers from McDonald's and dominoes and Taco Bell, and they've talked about the consumer trade down. But chipotle usually been resilient through that type of environment. And the average revenue per restaurant is down over the last three quarters now. So I guess my question to you is, do you think this is a temporary blip and just sort of temporary consumer weakness? Or have we hit peak chipolet? Do you think revenue per restaurant will be much higher in five years? I'm going to give you the boring answer and unexciting answer and say, I'm not sure which factor it is, and I think it might be a bit of both. We've seen the macro issues. It hit a ton of restaurants out there. I think it's just spending across the board. You've seen companies that are much cheaper or brands that have much cheaper alternatives, such as the apple bees of the world doing quite well, the dominoes of the world doing quite well. But a lot of these other players, even ones that are relatively cheap price, like chipotle traffic has gone down. I'm not sure exactly what it is. Maybe there's less return to office boost because it's such a lunchtime option. Maybe it's just the fact that they've lost their luster or maybe they had those one time deals. I they always advertised a special, what is it like brisket or honey chicken that's always on the tv during sports commercials. The that might not hit this quarter, who knows. But what I will say is that if you compare them to some of the other fast casual players, such as a kava, there was people that, you know, I think a quarter ago saying that, well, kava's a comstore sales look fantastic to polelook pretty weak. But now they're kind of tracking pretty equivalent here. Both are saying declining numbers. I think that is more of an indicator that this is a macroeconomic effect. But I still don't know at a pe, a trailing pe of 36, if I'm confident in buying this. With inflation, I'm sure that the revenue per restaurant is going to itbe higher in five years. But is it going to significantly outpace inflation like it has been even you know, in the historical ones that Ryan's pulling up from our friends at fiscal AI here? I'm not sure what do you think, Ryan? Yeah they will probably grow at least. Can you hear me? Okay. Yeah, you might have. All right, maybe I'll can hear. Okay. Yeah, my Internet's a little spotty, but I agree. So I think they will at least grow with inflation at least the average sales per restaurant. I'm pulling up this chart from fiscal AI and shout out to their custom metrics feature. Just revenue divided by total restaurants. December of last year, they got to about three and a half million dollars on average annual sales per restaurant. It's come down a little bit since I have doubts that they will be able to grow faster than inflation on an average sales per restaurant basis. It just feels maybe it's me as a consumer changing my habits, but it feels like the concept and the uniqueness of the concept. And frankly, my consumer dining experiences there have just underwhelmed or petered out. Maybe it's more competitive now, but Yeah, I agree. Maybe they can continue to grow restaurant count, which will help boost sales and theygrow with inflation. But I would be surprised if you get comp store sales that are significantly higher than the inflation rate. Yeah, I have one more thing to say about chipolay, but I should mention we've forgot to say this at the start. For anyone listening on Friday, we are recording this on Tuesday, September ninth. So if any big news hits Wednesday, Thursday, we're not talking about it. We're gonna to be at a conference that day and we're recording this early. So we get anything wrong. Any numbers are widely changed. If chipotle has another e. Coli crisis and the stock is down 30%, that's why we are not talking about this again. We're talking about we're recording the show on Tuesday, September ninth. But here's what I think has changed about chipotle. They talk about store count expansion in the United States. I'm not sure how much longer they have to grow store count significantly given that they're a lot different than some of these other concepts where you're not going to really want the density. I don't think as opposed to McDonald's or Breger cane, it's not going to make sense. It's going to become an international expansion story. And you know today, the pe is 36.4 ev to EBITDA 24, free cash flow ratio 36, right around the pe ratio. Their ten year diluted earnings per share growth has been 13% a year over the last ten years. Now they can expand internationally. They've started a little bit in Europe, a little bit the Middle East. They're planning one in Mexico City. If they can if the concept can succeed in Europe, the Middle East, Latin America, even if it can succeed in Mexico, I think it can probably succeed everywhere, anywhere. But then if it can also expand to you know, other markets such as Australia or Asia, then the stock probably works here because they can keep growing this earnings per share, whether from a wholly owned model or from a licensing model internationally, if they can keep growing, earnings per share at 13% of the stock will work. I'm just not I don't know if it's a good risk reward at this price. I agree. I think if you're betting on unit expansion, you're betting that restaurants like that's the crux of your thesis. There's other bets to make. I mean, even wingstop probably has a lot more headway to expand restaurant count. Poor Tilos has a lot more headway to expand restaurant count, hopefully for their sales look, if they look just as ugly, but the stock is probably at 30% of the price, even though it hasn't worked very well very well in my portfolio this year. It's probably been the one big dog Yeah. So short answer to hster put lay peaked maybe, but I don't think it seems that attractive as an investment here. The second topic I want to talk about, unless there's any pressing ones that you want to get to. Brett, I want to mention Duolingo because some news came out today also, which has created a little bit of controversy. Didn't a new iphone come out or was announced? I think maybe it might have been slimmer, but I think it's slimmer. The the news I saw was that airpods are going to have live translation. So and the stock dropped another 4%. The interesting thing for Duolingo is this stock has dropped like one to 3% seemingly every day for the last five months is what it feels like. It's the stock overall has been cut in half. I think it's -53% roughly over the last five months and a couple of things. So last week, basically, the whole theme here, other than maybe a loft evaluation, is that people think Duolingo is going to get disrupted by AI. And there's a couple ways that it could do that. First of all, apparently the Google Translate app rolled out a feature called practice that will apparently compete more directly with Duolingo. But I kind of shrug my shoulders at that. Like Google Translate itself is a competitor, but teaching someone a new language, like Duolingo already has a ton of competitors on that ground. I don't think this is some revolutionary breakthrough for Google Translate to be trying to teach people new languages. I think most people that use Google Translate use it to not learn new languages. For the most part, they use it to translate. So I kind of think that's a little bizarre that the stock sold off so much on that. But that happened two weeks ago. And then today, as I mentioned, airpods apparently came out with live translation, which sounds pretty cool in theory. We'll see how well it works. Google came out with these with actually this exact same functionality and it's on its, what do they call pixel buds, I think is their their term. I think they came in without they came out with that product in 2017. On one side, you've got a whole lot of big tax coming to disrupt them type narrative, not to mention, apparently, there's some third party data providers that are saying the app usage is down over the last couple weeks relative to last year. It's come down quickly. So I tend to say don't give too much thought to third party data providers, but it tends to have an impact with analysts because people don't want to be wrong in the short term. On the flip side, Duolingo is producing phenomenal results. They continue to grow users. More and more of those monthly active users are converting to daily active users, and the percentage of users that are converting to paying users continues to rise as well. So as far as mobile apps go, this might be one of the best mobile app businesses out there right now in terms of how they're performing valuation wise. The app still has an enterprise value of $11 billion roughly. They're on pace for 1 billion in revenue this year and currently have 10% operating margins. So ev to ebit is around 100x. There's they're probably going to see operating leverage from here. But I guess, two part question for you. One, do you think Duolingo is truly at risk of disruption by AI and live translation type offerings? And then two, do you have any interest in Duolingo? Is this something you could ever see yourself cell owning? I'm not sure. On the AI disruption with the thinking from these people that say, Oh, look, Google translator, airpods or what have you are going to directly lead to people not needing to learn a new language and then they can directly converse with people. That's going to mean that everyone around the world is going to be wearing either airpods or smart glasses or something. That's going to be this interface in the real world between people. And I think that's either a never going to happen or take like 20 years to get to that level, especially if you're traveling to a foreign country, which would be the point of trying you know, practicing on this thing. Another thing is it's more of a game. So the disruption from AI, there's potential for them to expand their offerings and make stuff more personalized within the dual and go app. But there's also a risk of the commoditization of language training. I think there's an entirely different market of, Oh, I want to use Google Translate to converse with someone in a foreign country when I don't know the language versus I want to actually learn the language. I don't think that's a risk, but am I interested? I know people love this management team. I think the founder is still running the business. There's people out there that know this business quite well. They've made some great calls on this stuobviously. The financial history has been phenomenal. I'm just not comfortable with just how would ohighest say this. You're going opposite of letharof people, laziness. And I think there's got to be pretty sizable churn here. Speaking personally, there's definitely sizable churn. But I've go off and on. I'm using the app and practicing and stuff like that. I put it into the two hard pile, maybe by mistake, but right now, I guess it doesn't look like too bad of a mistake. And the fact that you mentioned the valuation, I'll use another way to go about it. Easy to gross profit is 18. That's not dirt cheap even for a company. As you mentioned, 10% operating margins today, they could probably expand to 30. It still doesn't look overly cheap for my liking. But Hey, this management team, they seem great. And if if there is this really like if a lot of people are on the fence as to whether or not this is a business model that will be disrupted by live translation, you would think it deserves a bigger discount. Like it's down. Even if you assume that 100% of gross profit flows through to the bottom line, it's not dirt, dirt cheap. If there are some growth headwinds in front of it from life translation, I think it could work. There probably be a lot of operating leverage and there's probably more growth to be had. But I think I'm kind of with the I do people taking up learning on their own doesn't seem to be like a growing part of the population. I don't want to bet on that. No, I don't want to bet on that. I'd rather buy Pepsi with declining volumes. Yeah, maybe it's a pessimistic worldview, but I think you're right. The one thing I will say, Oh, it's not pessimistic, it's just how it is, just how you got to you got tta look at the world how it is, not how not Oh, we're doing so good for the world. It's like those those stocks that are certified b corporations, it's not going get you to buy my stock, but give me to buy your stock. It's actually gonna make me less interested in buying all your stock because 1% of your revenue is getting donated to charity and not me, a shareholder. Yeah thing the only last thing I'll say on Duolingo, I personally feel that the Venn diagram of people who are going to do ollingo to learn a language and those that just want live translation is pretty small. I think the live translation. If if you're going to do a lingo, you are at least proactively trying to learn. And I feel like the life translation audience is slightly different, would be my guess. But who knows? Could be wrong on that. Let's get to some stocks that, well, listeners, we have. We have some we need to talk about. But I just saw this after hours, oracle reported. I don't know if you saw can you guess this is a market cap of before they reported $680 billion. Can you guess how much they are up and after hours? No, no, 100 billion. I more 27%. This is going to lead into the AI topic I think is quite interesting. Let me so they talked about their rpo and backlog. I'm not going to read through this whole thing, but they say they're going to detail a financial plan in the next month at their analyst meeting. As a bit of a preview, and this is a quote, we expect Oracle Cloud infrastructure revenue to grow 77% to dollar billion dollars this fiscal year, then increased to 32 billion, 73 billion, $114 billion and $144 billion over the subsequent four years. Most of the revenue in this five year forecast is already booked in a reported rpo oracles. Off to a brilliant start to fiscal year 2026. How can they be so precise? Yeah, that's joyes. Maybe if they think supply is so restricted and then demand is just gonna to match whatever they have, but it depends on what you price stuff at Ryan, the music is still playing and everyone's dancing. I guess if it's all already booked, then Yeah you can afford to be precise with your estimates as a management team. But on the flip side, why if supply is constrained, why are you booking things four years out? You could raise prices, right? Like when when don't you want to keep the windows somewhat tight? Like you don't that that might it's kind of like the Boeing thing where they have they always brag about their backlog of planes, but the delivery issues are the problem. And now all of a sudden you've got a backlog that is going to be more of a liability. Prices. Yeah. Maybe they don't want antitrust stuff. Maybe it's inflation on stuff like this. They don't want issues with that. Either way, I mean, that is quite impressed. We saw someone in the chat here, thank you, Simon, saying rpo is now $455 billion in quadrupled year over year. They could be the fourth horseman here in the cloud data center business. And speaking of there are, well, I have some of it in bubble watch. It kind da can relate altogether here. There's two other things in AI infrastructure as well as one of the stocks we're gonna to hit later, open enai's cash burn projection. According to the publication called the information which follows, I think the Silicon Valley world very well open enai is projecting, one, $115 billion in cumulative cash burn through 20, 29, up $80 billion from the previous estimates. Here's a quote from the article. The company's cash burmer more than double to $17 billion next year, $10 billion higher than the earlier projection, with a burn of $35 billion in 2027 and $45 billion in 2028. That's a lot of numbers. I'm just going to ask, what point do we admit this is not realistic business? This is not a realistic business model or sustainable whatsoever? Are you tired of moving money between your bank account and brokerage account? Well, with Interactive Brokers, there's no longer a need to have a separate high yield cash account. Interactive Brokers offers up to 3.83% interest on instantly available cash. That means if you've got some cash sitting in your brokerage account and you're waiting to deploy that money until you find your next great investment, now it's actually going to be earning something in the meantime. This is just one of the hidden advantages that comes with being an ibkr customer. They simply do not cut corners, and I constantly find myself surprised by just how much they're willing to do for customers that other brokerage platforms are not. If you're interested in checking them out, head on over to ibkr dot com. Restrictions apply. Interactive Brokers is a member of sipc all folks. If you are a regular listener to chitchastocks, then you know that we use fiscal AI, formerly known as finchat daily. Fiscal AI is our complete stock research terminal. It's where we have our investment dashboards. It's where we create financial charts. It's where I read all the transcripts for conference calls, Selside events, shareholder meetings, and it has morning ingstars high quality reports on more than 1700 companies. It really is the complete research platform for stock focused investors. If you use our link fiscal dot AI slash chitchat, you will automatically get two weeks of fiscal pro for free. And if you find that it's worth upgrading, which I think you will, you'll get 15% off any paid plans with our link. Again, that it's fiscal AI slash chitchat. The link will be in the show notes. Wait, I'm sorry, one that's the cash burn for oracle projection will cash burn Yeah should the quotes lot clear. So this is what they're projecting based on their spending plans. Yeah, I have worries about this. It's kind of the I have the same worries. No worries. And that's okay. That's the understatement of the year. Well, no, I mean, okay. On the one I would get venture about that. The majority of analysts in the investment community are not worried about them the cash burn given that they're able to book it in remaining performance obligations. Like you're getting OpenAI this is open. Oh, Oh, okay then Yeah, obviously that's horrendous. That's a big issue. But I thought we was still an oracle. The Ryan's Internet is not great today. As you can see the video stuit's been cut 20, but I don't see how they turn that around unless they give one of those we work charts where it's just all theoretical. It's that's a little more of a real burn. Are they like is there some sort of remaining performance obligations here where it's synced up to sort of backlog growth? Or is this just pure I mean, where is open eyes backlog going to be from api deals licensing the backlog that's usage? Well, Oh, there's contractual agreements there that are banked out. Sometimes time people's usage has to keep growing. I want to know what the difference between this is and weworks business model besides the fact that they actually innovated with a new technology because the actual business model is similar. You grow, you lose more. You grow, you lose more. Makes zero sense. The one if you're optimistic here that this is good, and I think a lot more people complain about opeyes cash burn because it's a private company. If they were a public company, I think youget a lot of investors that are just like revenue growth, revenue growth, revenue growth. Who cares about the cash burn? But the one positive I'd say is that I think Microsoft, we'll be more willing to push the brakes on this than if OpenAI were basically truly independent, which at this point it's not. Microsoft has significant say on what they do financially. So well, they're already going to SoftBank, oracle, Google and others. They're doing apparently a lot of this is in relation to their building their own cloud infrastructure, that stargate project, which I think it's extremely risky. And what's funny is it probably relates a lot to this oracle rpo, I think OpenAI, because that stargate deal and whatever the contract is with them is getting funded by oracle, SoftBank and others along with OpenAI. Yeah, it just meant to like take out some of their compute costs. I mean, if they're trying to go the meta route where they own their own infrastructure, I don't know if it's terrible, but I would imagine that they have a lot of systems running on azure gcp. I know that they announced a big deal at gcp. I don't know if they rely on aws at all, but switching off of those systems and using soleer own infrastructure would be quite a lift, not only on the CapEx line, but also on the actual business line. So if I mean, if the route is to go the metaway where they just want to own their own infrastructure and it can work out well for them, I'd say great. But I'm yet to find a very successful example of someone other than meta, someone saying we're gonna we're gonna to run on our own cloud, we're gonna to run on our own infrastructure. Well, I mean, Google, but Yeah, I get what you mean, right? But they're okay outside of the hyperscalars. I understand what you mean. Yeah, man, there's a couple out there smaller that are niched. There's actually one the stocks were going to mention here. Ford in ate, they have their own ans for like security purposes. But I understand what you're saying here, and I agree. It you got to worry about an Icarus situation here, this kitid flying too close to the sun and just blowing up. Maybe they don't care. Maybe Altman, the Elon Musk of the world just want to take insane risk with this. And is it going to create a lot of consumer surplus? Sure. But from a stock equity investor perspective, this has the ingredients to blow up magnificently. Let mean just look at what they are saying. I think the difficulty is that whenever you are competing on a big tam with big tech, you feel like you have to take insane risks to win because big tech doesn't have to do it like big, for example, what I'm saying here is Google can spend an exorbitant amount on Gemini and have it not really affect well, it is affecting their financials, but not have it affect their bottom line in the same way that it would OpenAI because they have so many other business lines. I think we've seen this before corweaef, even as probably an example here where if you want to get relevant in a big industry like that, you feel compelled to take these absurd risks when maybe you could just build your business model out in a more conservative manner and still be fine. Maybe I'm wrong. Maybe you can't maybe you do have to take those insane risks in order to compete with big tech, but I wouldn't want to be a shareholder in that case. Yeah. And guess what? OpenAI is still technically a nonprofit. This thing is a whole mess. It's a whole mess. And I'll be fascinating to follow it from the sidelines. Let's do one more little thing within the AI stuff was then we don't need to talk about it. Foreeveryone go to some of these stocks that people recommended. There was this one people wanted us to talk about because the stock was up, I think, 100, maybe, maybe 50%. Company called neevias. You heard of this one, Ryan? Did you hear about it before today? I've seen it floated around as a ticker. I didn't. It's a hot ticker on on Twitter. Yeah. Okay. So here's a quote that they tossed out. The amsterdbased firm, nebias announced it had T, A multi year deal with Microsoft worth up to $19.4 billion to provide cloud computing power for AI workloads. Nevia, which was spun out from the Russian Internet giant Yandex in 2023, provides graphics processing units, or GPU's, for training AI models. Just another 20 billion. Just another 20 billion, right? I'm going I think we're going insane. This is another, this is not just a core, like this is not just a competitor. This is just another core weave copycat, of which there seems to be, they sprout up like it's like it's like a infectious disease that you're guarded. It's just is growing like wild is taking over. I can't I don't even know what to say anymore about this stuff. What so is the whole what are these the whole business model just that they happen to have GPU's in a world where a lot of people can't seem to get them. It's going to end Yeah it's your your magic is going to end. They know someone at nvidia that was willing to have them priority GPU access the Yeah remember the company of super mico be sustainable Oh Yeah yes they have I do remember they have a hilarious about page two quote AI is no longer distant promise it is becoming a defining force impacting every aspect of our lives. This is what Nabby us built vertically integrated AI infrastructure that accelerates AI innovation globally at that scale lots of they are Hey they got they signed a great deal with Microsoft so do you do with these? Do you actually ignore? Right? That's that's how I feel like I see this stuff. People get so up in arms about it. And as someone that doesn't shmyself, I just toss it to the side. I do not care. Like maybe I should because maybe it has ripple effects elsewhere, but I'm yet to see that really. So I don't like, I see these business models popping up and I start to think, okay, markets feel frothy, but does it affect my holdings in any way? I hope not, does it? Yeah, I wouldn't want to short AI infrastructure companies, especially smaller ones. Yeah, like I have some, as we talked about, some very small shorts across my portfolio, like some of the quantum computing startups I kind of think are all scams. Little palent here and there, which is larger, I don't think. Yeah, we have a comment here. Don't short nevus. I agree it's smaller and they could sign these large deals and it could easily go up ten x and become a total meme stock. I wouldn't want to touch that. But for something like today, apparenent, you're after the ten x growth into $400 billion market gap. I think if you have a diversified short portfolio, it is much less risky. Even if that stock doubles is not gonna to kill you Yeah also then you start to get into a like flows situation where it's like can't is there enough money like could could palantier or hit a $2 trillion lar market cap? I don't know if there's enough money out there in the world to support that. They're right. And even then, if you have it, Yeah and if it's a small shit's, not gonna to blow you up even in that case, because I think their market cap is still like $400 billion. So size matters when it comes to meum stocks. And Yeah do you just call the stolater zren? Can we just call these meme stocks at this point? There's someone we're gonna talk about open door later, but it's a little different. I guess open doors business model is not too different. Buy a bunch of stuff, try to sell it, keep losing money, selling dollars for $0.90. It's it's nice. It's nice money. It's nice when you can get it. Let's take some of these stocks that listeners recommended. Where do you want to start? Let's do fordanet. This is one that I talked with a listener about. It's one that I struggle to maybe do a deep dive on because it's cybersecurity and not really something I'm going to have much expertise on. But for anyone in that space and wants a stock to look at, maybe this is interesting because seems reasonable given their long term growth trajectory. So they're a cybersecurity company with its own cloud infrastructure. Their ten year revenue growth annualized is 22%. So really impressive long term growth. They're in a bit of the stocks in a slight drawdown. Their three year revenue growth 18%, price to free cash flow of 30. Any interest here, Ryan, or cybersecurity outside of your circle competence as well? Because given the price, I feel like if I knew this industry, that's something I would go, okay, look at that historical growth. Look at this reasonable evaluation. If you think it can continue, the stock can probably work. Yeah, I would say cybersecurity outside my circle of competence, but how come every cybersecurity company has a revenue chart that looks like this? Am I sharing my screen properly? Can you see this revenes? Every cybersecurity company I where everyone that I look at has a revenue chart that's incredible CrowdStrike for the net. I think CrowdStrike qualifies here. Palo Alto networks, the z scalar, I think that's z scalers business sentinel, one I could be getting. I'm pretty sure all of those are either cybersecurity or cybersecurity ancillary on this list. Then I'm going to talk about Yeah that maybe it's just the industry to be and maybe it's maybe you should just take an etf approach or something. But Yeah, I would love maybe when I hate saying that, nah, I know it's outside my circle of competence because I feel like I miss out on a lot because of that. There's probably so much tailwinds for these businesses just in general, like cybersecurity businesses I'm talking about, that it would be great to be a shareholder. And I wish I didn't just corner myself off and say, Oh no, I can't be a shareholder because it's outside my circle of competence. And typically the other thing, if if you're like myself, you're not a Dev, you're not a cybersecurity expert, these can be intimidating. But typically, when you own the company and you read conference call after conference call and you read shareholder letters, maybe any sort of communications, it becomes more digestible. You get to know management. You can still get a gauge on the performance of the business without knowing the specs of a product and the competitive dynamics for specific products, you can still gauge the progress of the business. So maybe I'm giving myself a little hype pump up talk here to actually start researching these things. Yes, I would love to own I would love to own one of the businesses that actually has revenue that looks like this. It's a good pond of fiyeah. Yeah owning one of these companies that well, and look, they're not losing money, seems like they're profitable. It seems like they're a steady grower. As a commentecommenter here said, you have high, high switching costs and cybersecurity is getting more and more important every year. Yeah. Do you want to be on deficient if you're a cto? Do you want na be the one that takes the risks and gets rid of their cybersecurity supplier or vendor and then has a big breach? Probably not. That's a fiable fence. So Yeah, I imagine the switching costs are insanely high. I agree. I agree. One to look at. Yeah if that's an industry you're interested in, let me address we have a some comments here that says a lot of people hyping up nebias saying that they are we need to get educated on it and that these are actually they are the real deal. Maybe they are, maybe we need to get an interview with someone that covers this name because looking can end that deal, looking at what the stock is done. Hey, you can't knock them so far. But first glance to me, it looked like a coral weave copycat. And then someone asked this question. Brett, you ask, are you saying God run? Sorry, catyou off there. My Internet sucks. You know who's a nebious shareholder? I do not. Our good friend, Ryan oconnor, crossroads capital. Okay, okay, let's see. Well, we can't go through all today, but thank you. This commenter says, harmilton management team, they were forced out of Russia. I'm assuming part of the Ukraine stuff. Tons of experience in AI, not just hardware but also software. They own a European Uber. Okay, well, that's a surprise. And they have the subsidiaries. There's a jv with a bezo's investment group. Okay. Well, lots of stuff. Maybe there's more than meets the eye there. If you didn't like us hating on nebias, we're just the dollar amounts getting thrown around in AI today are just hard to fathom. I think that's what we can conclude. Protein is now at Starbucks, and it's never tasted so good. You can add protein cold foam to your favorite drink or train one of our new protein lattes or mata. Try it today at Starbucks. Almost every eight minutes, sexual assault or misconduct was reported to Uber. But despite more than 400000 reports, Uber refused safety improvements. Now they're trying to stop car crash victims from holding them accountable, too. Every eight minutes, Uber tries to silence victims and paid for by alliance against corporate abuse sponsored by Consumer Attorneys of California ad committee's top funders. Consumer Attorneys of California. Yeah my gut reaction with a lot of these businesses is they're just getting caught up with all the excitement and fervor and AI but yesterday when I saw Ryan oconnor, who who I greatly respect as an investor having shares, it provides a little legitimacy in my opinion. Do we want to go through some of these other stocks? But you've got one that interests me purely because of the name here, your stock number three. You want to talk about this? Sure, we can do this one. Yeah. Well, we'll go to two after. It's called it gambling. Com. Another listener recommendation. So thank you. It's a performance marketer for the online gambling industry. Feels like a pretty straightforward business. But is it a good business? I don't know. Maybe it's kind of a commodity. I'm not sure I'd have to look into it further. Their five year revenue growth, 51% ev enterprise value of 370 million according to fiscal AI. Sometimes the aggregators can get that type of stuff wrong. So do you know deeper research on the balance sheet to get a enterprise value market cap, $294 million price to free cash flow of six ev to EBITDA of H. Any interest here? Can you elaborate on what they do? Are you are you able to do that? Do actually I think it's they basically help like their it's just a marketing agency basically. Yeah, I think I think that's what it is. So an online gambling company goes to them and says get his customers. I believe that's what it is. But I have not read the animal report. Again, these are first looks if we get anything wrong. That's I guess the whole point of the first look is, Hey, we want to decide whether we want to research something further and these are all you know, listener recommendations. Okay, I generated an AI report with fical AI shout out to them again. Gambling. Com is a marketing and sports data services company in the online gambling industry. They delivered new depositing customers to online gambling operators and provide sports data services through their acquired odds jam and optic odds businesses. So Yeah, I think you're basically right. It's sort of a third party marketing agency that I'm guessing maybe the draft kings of the world rely on to attract new customers. Yeah. Margins are phenomenal for advertising agencies. I think gross margins for gambling dot com was like 95%. Yeah, 94%. This commenter, Simon, who I think is one that recommended recommended we take a look at this company, says 75% of the business is affiliate marketing, 25% is sports data subscription services. So that could also be interesting. That's not bad. I like I've always okay, sports gambling. There have been a lot of companies I've always wanted somehow a bet in this industry. And it's been really hard to get behind sort of the draft kings of the world because that industry is just hyper competitive and you are paying absurd sums to probably companies like gambling dot com to go out and attract customers. Now maybe the lifetime value of those customers is worth it. But when remember in 2020 when they were giving you like first $200 of bets free, like just absurd offers to get people to come through that, that that's not really a business I want to be in, especially if you're a business where you have to pay to acquire customers twice that. I mean, that's kind of difficult when it's so competitive, but this seems like sort of a picks and shovels provider to an industry that I definitely would be happy to be invested in. Yeah, it seems like a good industry, profitable. And Lindy, so it's been a wrong people to get a long time. Yeah people like to gamble, people like to bet on things. People like the excitement. And I don't think it's going away, whether legal or not. You know this is one where regulation and regulatory and legal stuff can matter a lot. That kind of gets there a wrench in the mix of some things, but doesn't mean it's a terrible industry. Shout out to whoever gave this recommendation because I am actually going to look at this further. I really like this. So thank you. And if you have any further research on it, feel free to send it my way because I'd like a little shortcut on some of the research that should inspire you to join the substack chat for the podcast, Ron, because that's we are where we are discussing it. Let's see. He also says they have a revenue split with a lot of the operators. Okay, well, interesting. Maybe it's more than just marketing. And we have another guy that is not happy about your bad Internet says it's how do you have bad Internet in Austin? Well, he is traveling because we're at a conference. So this is the last week for that. Yeah and the Internet will be perfect. Let's Yeah my apologies for the Internet, but it will get resolved. Bear with us. I am not at my it's okay office, not at my regular studio. Do you want to talk about rubric? Sure. Sure. Water security. Let's do number two. Let's not skip number two before we get a number four. Yeah rubric also cybersecurity. But this one I think I'm a little more interested in. It's called Sam Sara, take your IoT. It is an Internet of things connector, hence the ticker. And they take data that a company generates from an onsite operation, like a factory or even your calli think they have a partnership with a lot of automotive manufacturers, and then they upload it to the cloud, process it, help you analyze it, found it it in just 2015, but they already have a $24 billion market cap. Eto gross profit is 20. Eto sales is 16. They have pretty high margins, pretty high revenue, five year revenue growth rate of 60%. You know, clearly, even a gross profit of 20 is fairly expensive. But I'm interested in this company. It seems like a promising business. And I didn't just look at that growth rate. And I think it's something you can understand. Look at these companies want the data from these physical operations, but it's just really, really hard to manage. You probably need someone in there to do it. Yeah, great ticker. IoT. That's that's got to be worth something. The so my only concern from the limited information that I have on this business now is it sounds like this is like very custom solutions on a pro customer basis would be my guess. It's not like a one size fits all sas model, which isn't bad. I mean, you can build a great business doing that, but operating leverage is typically somewhat capped when you have to create custom solutions for each customer. I could be totally wrong, but it sounds like that's kind of the model here. Given that they're going given that each business where going from on site to cloud data probably has different needs, different requirements, I could be wrong. But if if it is a sas model here, I'd probably be more interested there. I think Yeah I'm not sure the exact business model that's about what I got introduced with on the first glance. But the whole point of this is to say, should we research it further? I think this one for sure. For sure. All right, last one. Before we get to some other topics, rubric. Now there's cybersecurity company and their website says at rubric, we help enterprises achieve business resilience against cyberattmiicious insiders and operational disruptions. We just secure data where it lives across enterprise cloud and sas, making businesses unstoppable. If you told me that was the definition of any of the cybersecurity companies, I would not be able to tell you between any of them. Like it just kind of shows I don't know anything about this industry, but the market gab is $18 billion even to sales 18.5. I feel like every single cybersecurity company trades at 15 times sales last quarter, which was out today. I think that's why someone wanted us to talk about it. Their arr was up 36% year over year to $1.25 billion, 80% gross margins. Should probably have crowd strike level margins at scale. Any interest in this one? Yes, they went public recently too. I want to say maybe a year ago, two years ago, the you're right, if you just gave that definition, we help enterprises achieve business resilience against cyber attacks. That's not super specific. It could apply to seemingly every cybersecurity business. I go back to the same thing. The one thing I will say as I knew a guy who worked at rubric and he gave me a bit of the investing iso to speak, but usually it's that's the employees are not always that indicative of what you can actually get returns from. So that was just side anecdote, but I do I go back to wanting to expand my circle of competence here because the tailwinds are huge and it feels like every cyber security company once again, if I pulled up the air R chart, my suspicion is going to look a lot like the chart from fordnet, which is just 20, 30% annual growth on the top line. And it's not like there's always going to be questions about profitability with these businesses and people consistently look at it and think they're paying so much for that growth. Yeah because they can. They know what the lock in is here. Like customers don't want to switch a there's reputational risk when you're the person at the company that decides to switch these. Never mind. Sorry, something popped up for listeners when I did a thumbs up. Anyway, there's reputational risk. Thumbs up on on an apple device. No thumbs up. That's the innovation that they have. Yeah, thanks, apple. The there's reputational risk, but also it's it's a pain. It's just a pain to switch cybersecurity providers. It's not one of those things. It's like a direct revenue benefit. So there isn't necessarily this urgency to switch cybersecurity systems. It's more like insurance. So there's huge switching costs, which means Yeah, you can pay a lot in terms of development expenses and sales and marketing to get in front of customers today because that arr is arr and it might be multi year recurring revenue. So I think with these businesses, Yeah the top enis probably the most important to pay attention to because they can manage a lot of the expenses without losing much of it. So yes, I want to look at this. I want to look at the entire cybersecurity industry. The only issue is seemingly everyone looks like it has kind of an insane sales multiple, which is a little hard to digest, right? And they describe themselves all the same as their businesses. Maybe we need to get a good interview on if anyone has any recommendations for industry coverage, let us know. Yeah, it's I the basket approach. Maybe that's the way to go. Basket approach. I have also taken a basket approach on anything in a long time, but it just feels like all these cyber security businesses are they are unique. I get it. They're not all offering the same things. It feels like you are or they are if you're not in the industry, but they just grow. And one of them is going to be probably many of them are going to be much bigger businesses. This would have to be when you kind of close your eyes on and put it in the ten year bucket. And because it's going na be hard to Pallot the valuation and multiple compression could be a real risk for a lot of these, especially in the short run. Related to our David Gardner interview, I'm sure he has some cybersecurity stocks in his portfolio. And just given that it's the such a disrupnot a disruptive industry, I guess listen to the interviewer, read his new book, and you all understand that that's an industry he would target. He wouldn't really worry too much about what we're worrying about right now, for better or worse. It's just how we invest. But we have a listener question that I want to get to some bubble watch topics. This one, I think, is fun. I was thinking about it for about a day, so maybe I can go first. If Ryan kcome up with something right away, what is the cheapest stuon your watch list? And why haven't you pulled the trigger and then come to mind? Or should I go first run, go for it. I do have some things that come to mind, but I'm going to sort one sort through one to pick a single stock. Well, what pop to mind is luluu lemon. We already talked about it, definitely the cheapest on my watch list. I think you saw you posted from the fiscal AI account today, their ev to ebit, maybe a different metric, is now below eight, trailing Ford. It might be slightly higher because of the earnings headwinds from tariffs and a few other things. I don't know. I feel like I should part of it feels like I should just own this. Plug your nose by it. It may not work. It may work, but if it does, it could be a multibagger over a five year period. I don't own it because I have my rule about apparel. And the farther it drops, the closer I get to breaking it. My gut tells me it's gonna to work. Yeah. So I guess it depends how you measure cheapest. If we're doing it based on trailing figures, the cheapest for me, I don't have lulemon on my watch list. I'm going through my watch list right now. The next cheapest, which technically is in my portfolio as well, would be the Latin American airports, the corrossione America airports cap. I think it's an ev to ebit of like seven or eight. So Yep, and stock fell off after some political news yesterday. Yeah, I don't see anything that's Oh, the home builders are close to that level, but forward growth probably looks a little different for those than it does for the airports. Airports seem to have slightly more predictable earnings growth. So it would either be the home builders or cap coracisione America airports. Why haven't I pulled the trigger? Well, I have. So unfortunately, I cheated the question, but the it's only a small position at the moment. So I could maybe the question still applies. I kind da get worried about some of the political risk, even though maybe I shouldn't. The the issue for me when it comes to a company like this, where they operate primarily in Argentina, isn't necessary. Like I can get comfortable with some of the geopolitical stuff. I just hate being so late to news. Like it feels like I'm so slow getting information. Like stock dropped 8% yesterday. It took me like quite a bit to figure out why, especially for stocks that aren't like super popular cap is is kind da popular, but you kind of have to do some digging to figure out what's going on. I'm just not as in the know on a lot of the political topics which could impact the business. So I hate it's not that it can't end up in my portfolio, it's that I just don't want to have a huge chunk of my portfolio where I'm constantly like, wait, what happened here? Like what happened with the news? And Yeah, that seems to be the case constantly with some of these international stocks. All right, let's close out with bubble watch. There's some ones that if you weren't worried about a bubble with AI and all this stuff before, maybe I can change your pain with this Press release that you could or could not have seen yesterday. Ryan, I have the link in here if you want na read it yourself. It's about a company called eight co holdings ticker octo octo octo, or eight co holdings, today announced the pricing and signing of a private placement for the purchase and sale of approximately 171 million shares of common stock at a price of one dolforty $0.06 per share for expected aggregate gross proceeds of approximately dollar, $250 million. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Why am I saying this? Because they are implementing the first of its kind world coin treasury strategy. In addition, 13 million shares of common stock were issued to bitmine for total proceeds of $20 million. Octostock currently trades at $40a share as of this writing. And along with the announcement was a picture of Dan Ives and Tom Lee, say the two most bullish guys that go on cnbc pointing to the orb of world coin. If you don't know any about this world coin orb stuff, just look it up. You'll know what I'm saying. They're pointing to it like it's a celebrity you see at some event like, Hey, just met LeBron point ter pointer finger. This is something that, well, I worry about the morals of the investors in this and maybe they don't care because they had, I think a 50 bagger in eight hours. That's the world we live in. They got to be getting paid for these promos or maybe they just know theymake got a deal with a dollar share and they're getting paid. Yeah what can we still call this? The golden age fraud? This feels like gold age fraud type topics. I think it's more is I think it's transition from the gold age fraud to the gold den age of pump and dumps. Yeah it's a red pump and dump 19 tens, 19 tws style speaking, which you want you want to get an update on open door we got about 20s the ultimate exactly with a pump dump Yeah this is just pure clear pump and dump people don't really care there's that one guy going to Drake's house if is we're talking Yeah if anyone listening to us thanks where lost our minds and we have not lost our minds. These are things that have definitely happened that people are somehow doing in the investworld. I think the cost of capital needs to triple overnight. Open doors now at $6a share, ten beggar from lows. A few months ago, I'm seeing people on reddit pargging about seven figure open door portfolios and asking if they will go $200 or $300a share. I'm going to close things out. Is this a good short? It makes me happy to think that Drake probably has no clue who this person is. And he spends so much time outside his house trying to be relevant in some way. This is the most I almost hate the fact that we're giving it attention. This is the most insane guy in finance at the moment. Michael Saylor, you have been topped. Congratulations. This is not. What about ulbut? There's a lot of competition. This guy's worse. This guy's worse. It's so like he's so blatant about it too. Like he doesn't care that it's a pump ing dump. And I think he ended up having to take podown because he got he said something incriminating online. So please, if somehow you've gotten to the end of this podcast and you are debating whether or not to own shares of open door, just know that there's there's not a whole lot of legitimacy behind the business model when they have to report earnings. It's always going to be a rough time. So maybe you can you know maybe you know what, I take it all back. Maybe I should just have an emotional hedge and own the stock. Like because I'm so frustrated, I just say no to mean that's what I say. Yeah, Yeah, it's funny. Do you ever talk to people about this stuff in real life? And they're like, what on never are you talking about? Yeah, it's that breaking bad name for sure. You know, did you see aco holdings? They're buying a bunch of world coin Tom Louis involved like you just talked to me in Portuguese. But Yeah Yeah somesaid close the door on open door. That's a good tag line. I like that. All right, we're going a little long. If anyone listening to this is at well, is it gonna be out after we're gonna be at a conference called fincon? If you're there, let us know. I'm sure we'll see you. Thank you everyone for listening. Thank you to our sponsors, Interactive Brokers, fiscal AI, check them out, use our link, tell them we sent you, get your discounts and all that good stuff. We got some a more exciting sponsors coming down the line next week or the week after. So we're excited to share that. And as a disclosure, we are not financial advisors. Anything we say on the show is not formal advice or recommendation. Ryan, I or podcast guests may hold securities discussed in this podcast, may have held held them in the past, and may buy selor hold them in the future. Thank you, everyone, for tuning in on a live show. Typically, these will be Thursday, 5:00p.m.eastern time, and the recordings out Friday morning. We'll be back to our regular scheduled programming next week, and we'll see you all then. Quick pause. Something useful for you. Love fishing? TikTok isn't just for Young people. It's full of real tips. Better knots, better baits, better catches. Quick videos from people who actually fish. Download TikTok now.
