---
ticker: DUOL
type: podcast_transcript
title: "Who Will Dominate the AI Era? (Hint: It's Not Who You Think) I AI CEO Podcast with Jason Michael Perry"
podcast: ""
date: 2026-02-27
audio_url: https://traffic.libsyn.com/secure/70e01512-d36f-469c-aaa0-a70414e12be4/Jason_Audio_Full_Podcast_Resend_Export_1.mp3?dest-id=3887694
language: auto
chars: 85245
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# Who Will Dominate the AI Era? (Hint: It's Not Who You Think) I AI CEO Podcast with Jason Michael Perry

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2026-02-27

---

## Transcript

It's not AI that's going to put your company out of business. It's a company that natively uses AI. The business folks just need to understand the fundamentals of what this technology may do. No one's trying to put anyone out of a job like this is not with this technology, revolutionism. It is a technology that's going to get people out of jobs. I think it's going to be more graduation with anything that we foreseeing. But also, if you ask me about the Internet, was going to be the most transformational thing that we've ever seen. That future work is shifting completely. This technology is moving so fast. How do we actually innovate with it, use it, when in six months it could be very different? Well, to answer this question and many more, we have our guest, Jason Michael Perry. He is the CEO of Perry labs. Jason provides a unique perspective on the current AI shift, explaining why it is both a familiar evolution and the most transformational change businesses have ever faced. I've spent two decades guiding CEO's and founders to scale and reimagine what's possible. Now the biggest shift of our lifetime is here. AI. I'm sim Alexander, founder of disruptive AI, co chair of dc startup in tech week, and the host of the AI CEO podcast. If you're ready to learn how AI is transforming industries, creating new growth, and rewriting the rules of business, this is the podcast for you. Because the truth is, the leaders who adapt now won't just survive theydefine the future. Let's tawelcome to this episode of the AI CEO podcast. My name is Sima Alexander, and I am your host. And I'm thrilled to have this guest with me today. The man with the first, what is it? Three first name. Three first names. Jason, Michael Perry, the legend. Oh my God, Jason is the author of the AI evolution. He is the CEO of Perry labs and also an incredible newsletter called thoughts on tech and things. And what I would tell you is he is an incredible AI educator and builder and strategist. And and Jason and I have known each other the last, probably a year and a half from the dc, Maryland, Virginia ecosystem. But you know, as I have shared on this podcast, when I know the people that are really doing the work, I have to bring them on the podcast. And one of the things that I appreciated about you is just the way that you are able to take very technical things and start to make them very layman, especially in this age of this crazy technology that we're in, that shifting business and life as we know it. Things happen very quickly. Things happen very quickly. And you've been like me, through a couple shifts and sort of digital transformations, right? So let's start with a question that most CEO's have, and I get asked all the time, you know, this technology is moving so fast, right? How do we actually innovate with it, use it, when in six months it could be very different? What's your take on that, Jason? I think that the technology has always changed. This has been part of the world that we've been in for a longer time than sometimes we actually realize. One of the things I like to like, start with my talks, is the fact that the biggest companies in the world didn't exist 51 years ago. Microsoft, Google, apple, nvidia, you just go through the list, Amazon, these are companies that just weren't they weren't here. And if you think about how much technology has changed and how much it's evolved in just six months or a year or five years, things that you consider to be a normal part of business, like text messaging or email or you know or using a cell phone, these are things that are relatively recent technological advancements, and AI is no different than that. And so we've already evolved and we've already like recreated ourselves multiple times. So now it's just a different technology that we're trying to figure out how do we accept into our business and personal lives? Yeah, it's a different evolution. It's a different evolution, but you know, same old thing, just a different time. But is AI the same old thing, Jason? It's it's I think it's gonna be more transformational than anything that we ever seen. But also, if you ask me about the Internet, it was gonna to be the most transformational thing that we've ever seen. And if you ask me about the person, computer is the most transformational thing that we've ever seen. And so it's the same old thing, but the transformation is no different. And I think that's something that we just have to lead n into and embrace. Know, the thought that you constantly hear is, Oh my goodness, this is going to change my life. It's going to change the world. But your life and your world, again, if you look at each of those things, it's already been changed. And I would hope that we all feel like it's been changed for the better. There are some things that you might question, you know, but still, generally speaking, for the better, like this has been a thing that has freed up time and allowed us to do things in a way that is better than we've ever been able to do. Yeah, you're a optimist. I think in general, when it comes to technology similar to me, right? But we also know there are bad actors in the space and there are things that are just reality. And we'll go into that a little later. But let me ask you, you know when you hear the word AI for many CEO's and founders in general, like people are starting to get a better handle around it, but most people are stuck still at ChatGPT, right? Or at some capacity, some large language model or some generative AI tool that they picked up that solving a problem like Content Newsletter or whatever. But how you actually explain AI in plain English, maybe not in plain English, but I think the thing to understand is that AI is bigger than chat. Tgpt is bigger than whatever AI chat app that you're using. And we are preparing for is the future of what AI is going to introduce. And these are things like a gentic AI. I know it's a buzzword, but you know what is a gentic AI being? It means workflows that feel like things that humans can do that are now being replaced by AI bots that can do a task and can do it in a way that is efficient and do it for you and do it for you. Yeah. And so I had a friend of mine who's also a coworker at the World Trade Center Institute, and she and I had a conversation about this this task that she had to do. And it was going and getting information about people getting information from their HubSpot or salesforce, whatever their crm was, taking this data and aggregating it and putting together these pdf's of people who are potential award winners. It's a very manual task. And she would spend a week or so in doing these things and going, getting this information. And we looked at ways that we could take a combination of clad, connected with HubSpot, connected with things like perplexity, which is an AI search engine. We could take these tools, and we could take that task, this manual process, and we could do it quicker. And I think what people lose them at is that this is a thing that my Faher a week or two weeks, but suddenly this is a thing that takes an hour or two, and this frees up time to do other things. And what I always like to say is that every person I know has always said the same thing, that I wish I could stop spending time on x so I could spend time on y. That's right. Or I hate my job for this purpose, and I wish I didn't have to do that anymore, right? And so actually, what you just identified was an automation of a capacity of now you can use AI in some pieces to that, right, where it's integrating systems that are never been able to be integrated before and then you're training it on the back end to do the thing, right? Exactly. So in a way, that's a beautiful use case of like the reality of what's gonna to happen, where a lot of our task oriented, we go into sort of administrative back end ops of private schools, for example, as one of our core clients. And it's like the amount of stuff that's happening in finance and marketing that just takes so long, right? That is like there's just integration of different systems and integrations of just ways to make things faster and easier. So that's one piece. But I think AI is bigger than that, right? And I think this is where I you know I think most people don't understand how to innovate with artificial intelligence. Like you know there is that level of I think the baseline of that automation. I think that's going to be just a Lois going to change the way we do business. But I'd love to hear your thoughts. Like because you think about AI, you hear things like machine learning, you hear things like reasoning and memory and intent recognition. Do you mind if we go through each one? Because I just I love the way you teach, right? And I think this would be really helpful for this audience. I think that AI is bigger than any of these things. Just like we said, automation is a tiny piece. It's a tiny piece, but it's a place to start. But one of the examples that I love is this idea of a gentic AI being able to look at a problem and then do a thing. And when you thought, think about supply chains, tariffs. Tariffs are a big thing right now. Yeah, right. So if you have an issue where your supply system has changed overnight, we have the ability now to build systems that can look at a problem like human, make a decision and make decide to go buy product or do things and also update the sku prices with e you know price tags in a store immediately, right? And these are the types of things that I think start to unlock the opportunities because normally when we talk about automation, we get caught up with the idea of the human who's in the loop. And that human who's in the loop, that person who has to do certain things and make certain decisions, that's the part where a lot of these processes load out. And when you can remove that and automate something that maybe be felt a little bit subjective for, and you can provide technology that can start to make decisions in a way that is capable of helping you to solve these things, that revolutionizes so many different pieces and processes of our systems. And that's the change. But also it starts to take things and level it up in a way that we may not realize. Personalization is one of the best places. I had a friend, she signed up for a retreat the other day in Norway. And after signing up for a retreat, she received an email. That not only was a very personalized email that used AI to personalize it for it, but she received a personalized song telling her about how much she's going to enjoy going to Norway. That was an AI generated song. And these types of personalization things, these these are things that would have been impossible, right? But it opens up this world of possibility in a way that I think we just have to open our eyes to. When I think about this in terms of CEO's who are trying to to look at these problems, I always say that we are in the aol days of AI. And when I say that, when I'm trying to to shout out to Steve Case, but to try to get to the point that right now where we are is this spot where words like e -commerce don't exist yet, Yeah Amazon was invented in 1993. That's when the company started. Like these things don't exist yet. And that's where we are. We are creating that future and the possibilities there right now, they're endless. Okay, so with that, we're in early days. Yeah like the dos of computer program, mming call it, right? I love all the anchors here. So when I always see emerging technology, I always see people talking about like it's happened with the Web 3 world, right? They start talking about protocols and layers, infrastructure layers where the developers needed to understand because they're building sort of the annew, right? They're building something that's brand new. I think how much of this now where we're at in your perspective being sort of a cto, you've been in technology, I don't know, 20, 25 years, right? And you've worked on some major transformations, which we can talk about and projects. How much do you believe the ceceo's need to know about how the sausage is made right now? I think the CEO's need to understand what's possible to unlock the technology, and I think that's what's important. So one of my core beliefs is that the things that we think are wrong in terms of the data that we need to feed these systems. And just to give a little background there, we spent a lot of time building these data warehouses, data lake houses or data lakes and these systems that powered. I talk a lot about this in my book, but also at the same time, what's changed now is that the future technology, this a gentic AI, the agi technology, is about not only understanding, but taking action. And so we spend a lot of time talking about things like rag and consuming data. But now that we're moving into this like a gentic world where we need to actually take this data and make this data do things that changes everything, well, you've had a lot of different acronyms and different words, probably more technical. And this crowd is used to right now, I always kind of kind of want na make sure that that it's everything that you just shared was understandable. So yes, they're a gentic systems. All the things rag is you know, maybe could speak to it in more of a detail, but to that end, what is your take? Right? Like there's all these protocols that are basically being built right now, right? And I'm on the same page of like the business folks just need to understand the fundamentals of what this technology can do. And I go back to this concept of the skills with AI, right? Because you know, when you think about, you know, when you say words like computer vision as an example, that seems so big and crazy, right? But when I tell them, here's an example. You know, I went to a trade show and I ended up forgetting my iPad, and I had seven sheets of contact information for people that came to our booth. And what did I decide to do instead of giving it to my assistant that would take hours on end to just type stuff? I took pictures of it, I put it in ChatGPT, and it literally came back with a table that was 95% correct. That's a concept of computer vision, right? Like is it took a, you know, so it's just like I wanna start to anchor, what does machine learning really mean in laymanways? And maybe we could just go one by one. I'd love to get your take on these things at computer vision just to start with is, I mean, this is the the thing that powers self driving cars, right? This is the technology. I like to think of computer vision as thinking about the way that we, as humans, like understand the world. And that's that we have these senses, and these senses being that their sound, their sight. And so it's really giving a computer not only the ability to understand what it sees and potentially what it hears, but also to take that and then extract that information and use it in a way that's useful. So the the possibilities, like, I mean, just be real. I mean, we're going to live in a kind of surveillance space world where they're cameras that are everywhere. But in retail locations, this is things like the ability for computers to see if inventories in stock or not or inventory is moving, and then based on that, make decisions and do things based on the things that are happening within just using the screside there. This is the idea behind Amazons, you know, just walk out technology and some of these different things that exist. But it's it's it's open locks, these opportunities that again, human in loops, like a person who's looking at something and see something that can do with technology. Now, if we take a step back, because I mentioned rag retrieval, walmana generation, which that probably didn't help anyone who, what does that mean exactly? But I make this stuff difficult. I always like to use this example of, should I wear pants? Yeah. Should you wear pants? Should I wear pants shorts or well, should I wear pants or should I wear shorts? Yeah. Because that's it's like a question that with context makes sense. But does it make sense without the context? But also it needs information, right? What is the weather? Where are you going? What you know, what date? Like this information gives the context that it's important to answer the question. Historically, a lot of these AI models have been trained to a certain date, so they don't know what's happening. Road time today, right? So rag or retrieve, augment Ted generation just means the ability for it to go and ask a question and connect to a data source, pull that data in like the weather and then answer a question whether I should wear pants or not. Yeah. And this also mitigates the risk of a lot of hallucinations because you're grabbing basically, I say this is one of my examples, is how, you know, I think we both have worked in corporate in our days, right? There's the Internet, right? And it's like the static, you know, that static page that just keeps getting added it with all these resources and links. And majority of the time, youbarely look at it, right? But this is like if you're actually creating something and all those resources were put in some magentic way that you can converate with it, you can interact with things a little differently that are just much more interact, like to be able to like go into it and ask the question and actually get the answers that you're seeking versus just keep looking for things everywhere, right? But in that way, I look at it as like, here's an opportunity with all this information now, this tool actually is doing what it's supposed to be doing, and it's gonna to solve a real problem. One of the common samples that I like to talk about is an hr issue, right? Yeah what days we have off and how much like if I take vacation, have I crude enough time? It's a thing that a lot of people ask and a lot of hr folks get asked all the time. But if you have that knowledge because you're connecting to his ris human resources information system, and we can pull that data in, we can provide a chat, tgpt or some other system with a context that it needs to answer a question and then say, Yeah, you have enough time to take this week off. And those are simple examples of things that are unlocked with AI. And when you unlock those little things with AI, suddenly there's this like time that frees up. We get to that. If you were saying earlier, like we were talking earlier, if I could stop doing x and I could spend my time on y, how much of the time is your hr team responding to messages that are knowledge based questions that could be answered if you had a knowledge based like an Internet tranet, that that information was powering a ChatGPT type module that could answer those questions and suddenly means that now there a second layer of support instead of the first layer of support. And if that happens, what does that mean? What does that give you the ability to do? Is that more time towards recruitment and other things that are going upstream? And I think that's that's the thing that I think we forget that AI unlocks. It's taking the tasks that are not necessarily the best use of humans and freeing up an opportunity to do other things that are that are more important. Yeah, no, I couldn't agree with you more. I mean, I think one of the fundamental questions that always becomes like, what do you do with that time? Yes. And you know and that again, that we've had many conversations on this podcast about that next phase of culture and leadership and you know kind of framing what that opportunity looks like now that as these agents start to play the roles that they are meant to be played, right? It's the evolution of work, right? That future work is shifting completely, but then these guys can open up human agency and do the other things. The strategically, these are creative things that more the things that actually bring you purpose. You know, I think that we have made a mistake and defining jobs on the least important piece of what the job actually is. You know, I think that one of the most amazing things is calling someone at subway a sandwich artist, because I think that really takes the context and changes a thing. And so if you're a writer and you write the words arenimportant, I'm not trying to say that words aren't important, but maybe it's about the reporting that you do. Maybe it's about the interviews that you did, the in depth conversations that you had to get things together. Maybe it's about the storytelling. Maybe it's about something that's a little bit upskill. Maybe you're a storyteller. And the writing part is like the least important part of it. Some people might call me a coder. I write code, but the writing of the code is like the least important part of the things that I do. And so I think that we are at a point where we have to start recontextualizing what our roles are. And so if we're thinking about like an hr person whose front tline thing is responding to answers about things that are in the hrs system, maybe that's not the important part. But I bet that there are several skills that that person has that are upskill and that are more important and that they have the time to focus on those things strategic and like things that it would unlock so much more opportunity and potential. And so my thought right now is that we have to start reframing what it is that we do. We have to start thinking about our job titism differently. I love it. You know, I spend a lot of my time repositioning companies to scale, and you're basically speaking my language, right? Because it's almost like taking away that this is a commodity job and now creating something like you actually have a specialty, you are known for something, there's a purpose associated to it and actually can make people feel very differently when they're not known as just a coder because that's not all they do. They're creating softwares and solutions that are changing either people's lives or product enhancements or whatever, right? Give them more of why they actually were in that position in the first place, is what I'm hearing from you 100%. I don't do an accountant just because they don't numbers like I mean, there's there's so much more value that we offer on a regular basis. And I think I think everyone needs to take a moment and say again, like this thing does this part of my job, that is the the daily rudimentary part that I hate doing, or maybe it's not as important as it used to be, but what actually do I deliver? What is the part that I enjoy doing? And how do you upskill or think about the skills that you're actually offering to the things that you do? Yeah. How much of your world when you're helping companies think of throughin, this evolution is change management versus the technological shifts. A lot of it is change management. I think the majority of it is change engine. As a person who's very technical, I would love to come in and just be like, Hey, let's put some software in place and I do that. But a lot of this is trying to get the adoption to the place that it needs to be. And there's puback and there's also a lack of understanding of what the opportunities are. And so a lot of this is not only governance, but also just speaking to what does this mean and also explaining if this is a mean we're trying to we're not no one's trying to put anyone out of a job like this is not what this technology revolution is about. It just means about recontext or looking at the context and looking at the different opportunities that are available. And I spend a lot of time doing that. Yeah, I know I love that, but I am gonna to push back on that. Of course, it's it is a technology that's gonna get people out of job. So it is Yeah, right, it is, but it's the reframing of how it's positioned in a company like you know there's a chicken or the egg thing. The reality is, and this is like I think what there's again in the world of optimism and positivity, that's right. Like this, you know we can all say it, it's an augmentation, it's a superpower. It will help you do your job better. It will give you that. The reality is that leaders do have to make some hard choices, right? Is it then not reducing headcount as a more upscaling for that next phase? Like what do you think it is? I think it's a mix of two jobs are going to go away. I don't think there's a way to to not say that. Yeah, I think this has always been the case. And I think that there possibly jobs and opportunities that we don't know about yet. It's like being in the 90s and talking about a social media manager as a position. It's like the thing that didn't even make sense as a possibility. So there are things that will come out of this that are new opportunities, but businesses is are going to get smaller. I talked about the five companies that didn't exist with you one years ago. All of them, you know trillion dollar companies and the top companies by valuation, almost all of them have had layoffs or have reduced headcount. And more specifically, if you look at what they're saying, it's that they don't need as many supervisors as many managers. They're getting flatter, and they're trying to prepare themselves for what AI looks like. This is happening, and it's going to continue to happen. And what I think that it's important for others who are not in technology to realize is that these are the headwinds that we're seeing, but these are the companies that are experiencing the benefits of AI early. And these are things that are going na happen to more businesses as you start to to see the possibilities that come from this. Yeah. So let's talk about the companies that are actually now being serious about and what the benefits of that could look like, right? Because I know you have some great use case examples of just on the operational side and innovation side. I would love for you to share how you're seeing this technology is changing, how business is done as we know it. So in my book, I talk about this idea of five teams, and I think that's a good way to talk about this idea. If you've heard of vibe coders or vibe marketers or you just take vibe and you put whatever on top, think on the back end of it. But that is historically, it's been about, Oh, that historically it's brand new, but it's been about this idea of unlocking using AI, the ability to just do more, right? If you are a marketer and you need someone to do music, and you needed a person to do video ography and video work, and you needed someone to do this and this and this and that can go down the list, and suddenly you have ChatGPT and you have something like suo, and you have Google flow, and you can create a percentage of what was not possible for and get something that's there quicker. I think it was liquid death, who's was one of the first companies to release a national AI generated comparison. And this changes what's possible. And so when you think about this this idea of vibe teams or groups that can use AI and can accelerate their abilities, it's amazing. What I think we're also learning with this is that subject matter expertise is incredibly important as a programmer. I know a lot of folks whodabled in vibe coding and they they don't understand security and other things. And there's value at least right now in understanding that and being able to use this stuff to exponentially you know do work. But some of the things that, like I put together some calculators the other day for to talk about rii, roi and AI, and I was able to do something that might have taken me a few days or a week and like weaken or a few hours, and that's the difference that's being unlocked. And if you look at this across all these different opportunities, these ideas of vibe teams are people who are orchestrating AI and who are coupled with AI and are capable of doing things faster than a team would have been able to do. What's what tools though, I like so you mentioned a lot of tools in that and then some, you know that I don't think folks know like you know cause there are so many tools out, so many, right? So when I hear you with a vibe vibe team, you know when we think about vibe coding, there's you know cursor and Repp let and lovable, there's these tools that you can and we've talked about this on the spot, right, where you can prompt it and you can create a website or you can create a mvp of stuff, right? And it's still like you know even for someone like myself who's pretty savvy or I'm like, all right, now, how do I edit this or how do I deploy it? Or you know like there's just there's those types of questions. It's still it's gotten much easier to visualize. And if you're in startup land or emerging tech land, it's like great to you know have a prototype. You can even get to that stage. But at this point, like what does it mean? What does it mean? It gets to go deeper in this vibe teaming. What is the process for it? What's the outcome of it? If you're were saying that's something CEO should really be considering, I think it's something that CEO's definitely should be considering. I think the idea is maybe a smaller team combined with AI tws can have more output than a larger team would have been possible to do. Couplwith AI, there's so many tools. That's where there's a new tool every day or every week. And there's so many things that are coming out on a regular basis. But I mentioned Google flow. Google flow is an amazing tool for generating video with sound based off a prom. And you can take these scenes and put them together, and you can create your own commercials or your own video content. That's really, really good. It's like runway. Ml, it's like runway. But the biggest difference between it and runway, at least as I know right now, is that it also generates dialogue and sound and audio in addition to the video content. Well, runway, at least as far as I know right now, is only the video content. And so that's super powerful. You give it a prompt, you have a full piece of video, you know and that's amazing, right? And this is like, again, these are the early days, right? This is the worst AI is gonna gonna to be. And so if you think about that ability in the hands of a marketer, soo was the other one I mentioned, which is one of the tools that allows you to generate AI generated music. It's good. It's good. I'm not saying that you know for a musician, it's the most amazing thing, but I know there are a lot of musicians who are creating instrumental pieces of music and incorporating the things that they do. Another way to think about this is Justin Bieber. I know that's the last thing you thought I'd ever say, but Justin Bieber, the reason that he exists today is because of YouTube and the digital transformation that happened. There was a point where everyone had to go to a music studio. I have a client who's a music studio and they have recorded with some of the biggest biggest like musicians of all time. That's not what you do it today. And the technology got smaller, the technology got easier. And that meant that there was more people who were able to get their voices out and there were more distribution mechanisms, right? That is like the heart of what vibe teaming is, is that this is become as the technology allows people to do more, that means that your individuals in your team can produce and create things in a way that they were not able to create before because they needed a larger team. Those teams are getting smaller. As those teams get smaller, suddenly, if you have the right people together and you put that pod together, that structure, you have a team that can produce something and deliver something that may have been entirely impossible. And this is early. I know you and I have talked about this. I like what Sam Altman has said of this idea that there is gonna na be a billion dollar company that is a one person company. You know I think maybe it's a few more people, maybe it's three or four. Yeah, but I don't think that this insane. And what we're seeing, again, the headwinds with those five biggest companies in the world right now, those headwinds are getting smaller. These companies are getting smaller because they feel like they don't need as many layers in management. They can be flatter. They can use AI tools s to do more. That's the idea of the concept of viteams. And as this happens, maybe we're talking about more companies, maybe that's what it means, but also we're talking about the efficiency that a human can have. And one human suddenly, instead of delivering, you know whatever your percentage is right now of efficiency, maybe that's 150, 200, 300, 500%, 1000%. We don't know you. Yeah. I mean, they say mit just came out with the report that said like 95% of AI projects are failing. I think on the enterprise side, and again, enterprise is an interesting market. It's a siloed affair, if you will, in a lot of ways. I don't know if I believe in that number because I think it's way too high because I don't think people know how to calculate return on investment in these projects. You I know it's something you and I have talked a lot about in terms of how do you calculate time and effort back from you know having a solution like an adgentic solution. So maybe chat, I love your perspective on the report, but more so like how are you seeing the right way to calculate return on investment in these opportunities? A lot of the clients that I work with, a lot of the potential companies that I work with have not had a lot of success using AI. And I think that they've taken a lot of the wrong approaches in using AI. So I think the numbers are right. I think that there are a lot of bad decisions and issue decisions and also a lot of snakeaway out there from a lot of companies who are selling products that really shouldn't exist. So I'm not surprised by the numbers. I think that a lot of people are being duped, to be very honest, know the companies who have been the most exertive about technology and AI. Like we got a chat button on our site that's not connected to any data or any systems and can't answer any questions, or we made our chat tgpt wrapper that hasn't been updated in five years and doesn't do any of the things that you need to do. I hear that so often, Oh, we have our own ChatGPT in office and it's not very good and nobody uses it. The amount of times that I hear that is insane. Yeah the adoption is because there's no training. People are not seeing like it's like they just think they can throw out a technology and people are gonna to start using it. It's not how it works. Oh, or you know I wrote out Gemini or Copilot and everybody has access to it. No agents, no assistance, no training and the adoption is slow. What do you think? Right? So I think that those are correct. The I think the dueling numbers that I can't remember who put out this report was that 75% of people are using in the United States AI that personalized, and they're only using it for work. 20% of them, 20. I think it's like 20, 30%. What those numbers say is that there is a ton of shadow it happening, that people are using these tools. They're just not using the work sanction tools because companies have done a horrible job at AI governance, AI education, AI rollout and also integrating these things with their own data systems. And I think you said earlier, assema the hallucinations, one of the ways to solve hallucinations is to bring your own context and your data in. And if you're not doing those things and you're failing, and so I think that part of this is that you just you need someone who's going to come in and do that. This is this is the work that you and I do for organizations. No, it's such interesting. So I'd love to hear more of like what's the right approach, right? Because a lot of these companies don't have this new title. And I know you talk about this in your book, your chief AI officer, because it's different than a cto and it's different than a cio, right? And just tech technology officer or chief information officer. But it's also like, again, I go back to the CEO's and their teams. They all need to be educated on what this technology actually is. So this is a business decision. It's not just a technology decision, but because a lot of these companies don't have what I would say, a native cio. Somebody really understands this next phase of AI, where these new infrastructures and models are being built every day and what could be really good for you know solving real business problems within a company, solving for innovation within a company because they understand the company, they understand the technology and what's possible today and where it's potentially heading. So what is the right approach if these companies don't have those in? A lot of these are small and medium sized businesses, right? Here's a question. Who has the ball? I'm going to go football for a second year, but who's the quarterback? And if you're looking at your team, and it's a consortium between the cefo, the CEO and the CEO, whoever, be it roles, titles of wherever it is, who fits those roles in the organization, and none of them, maybe cto, maybe cio, actually have the football and have control and are making the decisions. And it's a consortium to committee doing it. Well, that's problem one. A lot of these organizations have set up AI committees that have absolutely no ability to make decisions, but are supposed to come up with some ideas and concepts and bring it to a broader group of a person who's not really responsible for rolling this thing out. The thing that happened during the Internet, like one of the things that we forget about is that we move from this idea of buy versus build very much in the Internet period. And that was because the companies like Amazon that were extremely successful realized they had to build the software and the technology because it didn't exist, right? E -commerce didn't exist. The ability to do transactions didn't exist. We are building the hammers that we need to build AI today. We are creating those hammers. And so if you have a organization that hasn't embraced that idea and that concept and hasn't said that this is the person who has the football and who's responsible for taking this thing and figuring out how this is gonna to work, it's not going to happen because you have a consortium that's trying to make decisions with technology that is changing literally daily, right? And so when I talk about this role of the chief AI officer, it's the thing that we realized like before is that we needed a cio because it became important. We needed a cto because technology became important. And now AI is not just a technology decision, it's a business decision. That's right. And and what I think you said perfectly sais that like this is not this is not just about the software to do this. This is about looking at all of your sops, your standard operating procedures, looking at your manual processes and potentially reconsidering the way these things work. It's about rethinking this. And if you have somebody who's only talking about the technology that's not gonna to work, you need someone who's also gonna to look at the business and the needs there. That's it. And I think why 95% or whatever percentage that really is, I think it's little. I think there's a little bit more hope on some of these projects. At least I hope to believe you know if you're slapping AI on anything that's not going to work. And if you're being honest, you a lot of CEO's were getting a lot of pressure early on, right? So they had to do what they had to do and they had to just figure it out. It's whatever, even if it's a marketing thing, we have to say what we have to say, and that's probably what the effect is happening now. But I talk about re you know your re thinking, you're re imagining and you're re wiring your business. This is you know this is what when you're doing it in that context and you're looking at the technology to say, Hey, if we were to start over almost and now that we know what this technology can actually do, what should we be thinking about? How do we make things more efficient? How can we make better you customer experiences? Because we you know we're using data in a way that's going na be more personalized or have more precision, right? Or how do we innovate with this stuff, right? And so I think there's just a different rule book, like a playbook for business going forward. The thing is, if I'm being honest, like you know it's all good in theory, Jason. Like you know and I think you and I are, again, I say we're part of what the 3%, 4% of people really understanding, right? There's a lot of people that are not this is is so early, and I don't even like the word early because I don't think it's early. I think are starting to see the technology across the chasm, right? But it's more of like they're not paying attention, right? So if I was a small medium sized business, it's very different than like I don't even want to touch enterprise, if I'm being honest in our rest of our conversation because for them, they're getting hit by all the big infrastructure players. They have been working on things and strategies and it's a really you know, it's just it's not that it's a hard problem to solve. They're some that are solving it and being smart about it. But I'm more concerned about the small medium sibusiness. I think that it's uncomfortable. I think it's the way to think about it. One of the folks who I think has been making some radical decisions that have turned out to be right, stuolingo CEO, and that means that he got rid of half of his team in terms of half of his translation team, who's like, look, we can do this stuff using AI tools. He started to see the wins that were coming against the back of the company. And and I mean, he's got a lot of flaack for it, but that's the example, I think, of a company that is looking at AI and looking at how do you turn yourself into an AI native company and the revenue and the benefits have been there. Like I mean, you're seeing the results of what he's doing. And that is a medium size company that is taking AI and is leveraging the technology and using it and also making some hard decisions about what this means, about how they exist and where they staff and what they need. So I think there's a lot of potential in terms of what it does. What like I you know what does that mean for us as humans and and how does this mean like you know in terms of like jobs and creation, I'm not sure. But I think that companies increasingly have to start to think, what does it look to be an AI native company? You and I are big fans of nvidia CEO. And one of the quotes that I know you love and I love as well, is that that it's not someone it's not AI that's going to take your job. It's someone who uses AI is going to take your job. And I always say that exact same thing, but just put business in the name like it's not it's not AI that's going to put your company out of business. It's a company that natively uses AI that's going to put your company out of business, right? It's a company that understands this technology, like a duolango that's going to incorporate it, and they're going to get margins that you can't get without using AI. And because they're going to get margins that you can't get without using AI, you're not going to be to compete with them because they're going to be able to like undercut your prices in a way or whatever, however they decide to compete with you. And if you're not prepared for that, like you're just gonna to be out of business, it's yversus Amazon. Yeah. And I think it's like one, you brought up a couple really good points. So I wanna iterate a couple things that go a little deeper. I think you know when you're when you're thinking about the technology and actually understanding what possible with it, then you can look at and say, holy shit, this is gonna to disrupt my industry. All right. And your example of Duolingo, I mean, I have one of the top, one of my cousins, she's a top. Like I don't know when it's like when you get all these not certifications but high end where you're working with politicians and stuff in terms of translations, right? And like her and I was like, you know, this is pegoing to affect you just to keep it because you continue to see. And then she's like, you know, let's see, I'm already experimenting with AI products. I hear you there. Certain things in my job that will never go away because they need and can never say never anymore. But like but she understood sort of with a writing on the wall, Duolingo, you know, they understood once you know once I even zoom, you can have translations real time. That stuff used to be very difficult, right? And so if you know already that these types of technology is already coming in the market, your industry is being disruptive. You have to make it's interesting because I think we went on like, well, every job could potentially be an augmentation, a superpower to Duolingo CEO saying, Hey, our industry is being disrupted and we are gonna to use AI technology to help in this capacity. So we actually don't need as many people in this role, right? And so I think it is business by business, strategic decision making. Once people understand the tech, then it becomes more of a strategy of like, all right, are we how do we use AI to facilitate what we're already doing, knowing where it's going? And then how do we use AI to actually innovate and take us that next level, right? Because I'm curious what diolingo is going to do right now. Are they just going to become lean and continue to do what they do and continue to program their agents in the back end? Possibly. And there are other companies that you know I don't know, right? Like I think that might not make sense for. So and he takes there in terms of their entire industries that AI is going to eat, their entire businesses that AI is going to eat. And that's just the reality of it in the apple world, they would you know you would joke about this idea of being sherlocked, which is a story about like a thing that that the apple made core to the operating system that then put a business that destroyed a business, right? I look at products like grammarly that made a whole lot of sense at a point. Like grammarly as a company seemed like a thing that was a very important thing. And now what I use ChatGPT for the same editing stuff. And and why would I pay money for that? And so I think that are certain businesses that the concept of what they do doesn't make sense anymore. I think it would I don't know. I would call it a little bit brave in retrospect. I don't know if I would say this at the same time about two lego CEO, but you know when he first made the decision to lay off a lot of people is exactly what he said, he realized that this is not a thing, especially if he's gonna na have to compete with Google and zoom and all these tools. They're going to directly start to integrate AI functionality, right? When I was in Spain last year, it was like November. It was in a part of the like Spain where like I mean, my Spanish is horrible. I put lled out my phone, I used the apple translate app, and I said a thing, and it translated to this person. They said something, it translated it back. And this is like a thing that you can do now with Google devices with like a little AirPod or equivalent in your ear. And this is this is this like Star Trek technology. This stuff is changing. The connections that we have between humans are becoming tighter. And so this is just a different place that we're in, and it's going to be incredibly impactful. So to your broader question though about industries and what this industry impact looks like, if you're not starting to look at this and starting to read the roand, see that fines are going to be very drastically different in five years, it's like a Sears not taking the Internet series, right? And we have enough examples of this over 50 years like of technology transformation. And here's the thing, like if you're looking at person computers and thinking you know spreadsheets where the killer are out, and then you know the killer apps that have happened ever since then and that that was a big difference, this is going to be bigger than any of that. And if you're not starting to take steps to understand how you incorporate this technology in your business and your organization now, you are not going to be in business or you better have a very vocational thing that requires humans to be a core part of what it is that you do. Yeah. And I think at this point, the people who listen to this podcast, they know that they wouldn't be listening otherwise, right? And I think, you know and what it was yesterday, I was speaking at a chief event and it was really interesting. I think they're about 7005 80 executive women from different organizations throughout, but most of them were founders. They had our side hustles and their building some incredible things. And you know, I like maybe it was even like six months far, not even maybe four months ago when I was in a room of 100 cfo's in compthose were midsize companies. I was telling you, and I was talking about AI, and I was talking about AI agents. I was like, how many people are taking this seriously? And there was like a maybe ten hands up that were like thinking about it. Four were taking it seriously. Four or five knew what an AI agent was when I was in this room with these women. Now, like I would tell you, majority of the hands came up when I said, how many of you think that AI is bigger than the abof, the Internet? When I used to do that talk a year ago, up to, I would say, a few months ago, there were not a lot of hands, right? So I think there is something in the air, especially if you're exposed in business that you see yet you see the writing on the wall, you just don't know what to do still, right? Or you know and I think so I'm almost like I want to go back because you're very good at anchoring things. You know when when this and goes back to that, our first question of this podcast, right? Like you're in a room. I'm a CEO. I'm like, all right, this I know this is this has to happen for us. What is the best approach? Is it rethinking about everything? Is it doing one project and you know, getting some momentum going? Is it know, what do you advise right now? I would advise that you start with training, education for your entire team. Make sure everyone in your entire organization and company understands how to use AI. Maybe the precursor to that is roll out something, roll out something. Whoit is it can be Copilot enterprise, Copilot business, be, you know, it could be whatever the AI thing is that you're gonna to roll out ideally is something that allows you to build some custom agents and some custom assistance, you know, as part of that to map platform. Roll that out, teach people how to use it, then start to connect that thing to data. Those are the things that you should be doing right now. And then start to have conversations about the future. And here's the thing. Agi is coming. Whatever you want to define agi? Yeah. So artificial general intelligence. So I describe agi as this as like there are a lot of definitions of it. I like this definition of these five layers. It starts off with chat, ChatGPT, kind of like interfaces of you can have conversations, natural language processing, like you can talk to an AI. That's where it starts. And then it moves into reasoning. That's the thought processing layer that we're seeing right now, deep seek. And a lot of these these AI models are are have what's called chain of thought, or this process of thinking and telling you why it thought, how it thought and how it came to a solution like a human skill like Yeah like a human skill. Reasoning is a big deal to get over that hump and it's just starting and that's that. It gets us closer to this autonomous AI, which agents, which is where you're headed, I think, Oh, it is exactly what heanumber three is agents, a gentic AI which is doing tasks without a human in the loop. Then can we just go into that? All this is perfect because I want people to understand that well, that means doing tasks without humans in the loop. Right now we are training agents to make them semi autous, meaning in the back end, you're you're prompting everything. You're telling it. This is this is the exact steps you need to take or think about it in this way. But when truly a gentic AI comes out, truly you're just telling it and it's gonna to do it for you. Read this document and make a decision, do a thing. Yeah do the task without me being involved. And some of you can do now with doing the task. But more advanced multitask oriented things that would normally you know need. So the more manual example would be rpa's robotic process automation, okay? Which is that you would create a automation that would take a file, read a document, do these things and go through these tasks, and a human would go through and review it, right? Or a human might have to jump in at different points in the step. A gentic AI should be able to do that process without a person viewing it or taking a look at the document or receithe thing. Like you should feel so confident and the AI's ability to do the task that a human does not need to be in the loop with that process. And there are a lot of manual tasks that are out there that people do right now that if you think about you know reading an application or underwriting processes or different tasks like that, that's when we start talking about it. And I know they're other concerns they can get into that. So then we have two more steps from a gentic AI, then you get into innovators. Now innovators, you're like, AI innovates already, AI creates already. What we forget as humans is that when we talk about that process of a human in the loop, if I give you a problem, there are lots of times that you as a human might innovate or create a solution in the process of solving a problem. That's innovation. And innovation means that AI says, I don't know, to solve that problem. And then invenent, without being prompted, without being asked the question, says, I need to invent a new process. I need to invent a solution to solve this problem. That's innovation. And then the next step is to be an operator. And the operator means A, A gentic AI that can orchestrate humans and other AI tools, s and can run organization. If you think about running a family household, right, that is complicated. It's understanding that we got to go grocery shopping and we got to make orders and we got to get kids places on time. That is a whole lot of things and tasks that, prompted and unprompted, require things to happen. And that is the the next level of orchestration. Now, if you're looking at agi as the future and you're seeing this technology evolve, and maybe that's five years, maybe it's a decade, we don't know when it's going na happen. And it may be even bigger of a superhuman concept than that is you're building the data systems that you need today so that when these things unlock, you can start take advantage of it because the companies who can do that quickly are going to be able to have an edge because they're going to be able to do things that you can't do. And so after you roll out AI to your organization and make sure that you have a team that understands it and seeing the efficiency gains and the potential of it, the next thing is how do you start to get yourself ready for what's coming so that you can start take advantage of this technology as soon as it becomes available and it's happening? And where syogentic AI start to happen, right now, we're seeing a lot of examples of cases where we could use this in amazing ways. But if you haven't done the work that you need to do, data cleanup, data systems, api orchestration, and I can go through a whole lot of really techkey, geeky technical stuff, all the geeky techie stuff, but if you're not doing those things and you don't have that layer that's necessary in order to unlock these things. And if you don't have that layer as necessary to unlock these things, then that means that you're gonna to find yourself on the back foot for those companies that are more AI dative that are doing the things today to make sure that they can't let's talk data because the thing is like, here's the reality and you know, human behavior. And I think again, I think enterprise strategy is different than small medium sized business strategy, right? And I don't disagree with you. I think agi opens up a whole lot of other a lot of things for myself too, right? Because I just don't I don't understand it enough to know where right now, where where the technology can train things, you can mitigate risk. You know I'm very comfortable in the way that technology infrastructure is today. Obviously, there are gaps and things are getting mitigated. But when AI is thinking for itself, basically like like you know I don't even with data, even with having infrastructure, you know how do you control it? Yeah. How do you control it? So in the programming world, we would say that AI is non deterministic, which means that unlike algorithm or like an equation where you know that the answer is going to be the answer all the time, AI might give you a different answer unexpectedly. Some of the ways to make AI a little bit more repeatable is that sometimes you make the the chunks of what you give it smaller and you give it small problems that it can consistently do. And you kind of layer these problems together, which creates workflows. And then you can create workflows where if you ask it a very, very, very specific question, you're going to generally get the same type fance every time. And then you combine these things as opposed to giving it a very long instruction set where it's more likely to get confused and give you results that are not expected. You take that and you start to combine that with data, you start to get some pretty amazing things. I'm going to try not to go crazy here in terms of the data side, but my belief in terms of data is that we've been going down this rabbit hole that's wrong and that's that a lot of larger enterprises is less about smaller midsize businesses but have invested in these things. It's called data lakes or data warehouses, which are these big and tent se systems that take all of their systems and bring it together so that their data is in one place. And then they can use that to feed business intelligence, bi tws, or feed AI tools, os and train them on the information, the data they have. And that makes all the sense in the world, or it seem to. But when we start talking about the agi and unlocking what's possible, the holy grail here is that I ask something to do something, and then it does that thing right. You mentioned computer vision earlier. Perfect example. I see that this product is out of stock because I have a camera. It's looking at a thing. I see the products, t's not there on the shelf. I look in our inventory and I see that they do not have the product in inventory. I then need to order the product. Right? Right? That is an agengentic thing that is capable that we can do right now. But that's not only understanding the data, but is also being able to act on the data. Yeah. I mean, I went to uniclathis week and my daughter bought A T shirt, and I go to the actual checkout and I put just the t shirt on the counter, and then it already wrong it out for me. It already illegated done all the work. Yeah. It had done all the work. Yeah. And I know, like if it had my information, like my email, whatever, it would have charged for me. Like you know, it was like, Whoa, like that was very frictionless. And I was like, you know, right now I was like, that's the experiences of the future we're gonna to see everywhere. The powers of passive I use, I call this passive personalization. The powers that are there are so amazing. You should be able to walk into any retail store, especially a clothing store, and it should know your size and be to tell you not only like what is available or if there is something available that you can fit, but also where those things are and how much they match your buying history. So that to me, that last part, because Google actually at their last conference showcase like, you know what anything you see online, like the friction with online shopping for most people is like, we don't know what's going to fit my body. And it's my body type is so different compared to anyone else's, in my opinion, right? Everybody has wrong. So like they had this, like they showed like, Hey, look, when you're going online shopping, there's an image of you and it's your body. And then I could put the actual piece on top of it and just imagining that every brand, every skew is cut differently, measured differently, right? Even rent the runway. I always say this is such a great opportunity for rent the runway instead of it, like you go take eight pieces and then they go return six of them because they don't fit properly or whatever. What if they figure out a way with computer vision to actually take a 3D image of your body and then they had all the back end data of all the ways that these measurements were cut on every brand, then it's like recommend the things that really will look good on somebody versus what you think that they appreciate from a designer side or color. Now we're talking because that's personalization and precision. And when somebody starts to unlock those experiences, as you were saying, like you know that's in retail, that's in fashion, that's in medical, that's in supply chain, that's in inventory management, that's when the game changers start to 100%. So the future of social media that you hear Zuckerberg talk about is this belief that you are going to have. This customize personalized like AI generated thing where you see content that is exactly what you want, exactly what you feel like and exactly what you believe. And it's just in time being created and churout to you. Now imagine that. And imagine that you can go to a banana Republic or gap and you can make an order and you can have something that is exactly what you want made and tailored for you. 3D printed you know per se. That's not crazy. And and in some cases, a lot of this is happening. Got ready with you know most computers that you buy are just some time technology built in China and that are coming to you. And so the idea that this tech is happening on both ends of the spectrum and allowing things to be hyper personalized and hyper customized, not crazy. It's not crazy. And again, I think there's some privacy and other things that thatbe worked out, but I think you're gonna be able to make that choice of how much you want na give information about you to certain customers or certain certain stores and retail, because I think people will love the aspect of personalization once they under actually experience it. Well, have you heard of, I think it's, I can't think of the women's name, but she's a CEO, one of the big dating companies, dating apps, and her belief is that AI will AI and you give it your personal information. Heard about this? You give it your personal information. You put your personal information in and this thing just like dates for you, enhanced conversations and and it starts to see like it, is this a thing? Like is it a match? Is it, is it okay. So I want to ask this, does that mean that it's a, I'm putting my information so it's a likeness of me. So it's like, okay, Sima was on on a dating app, but like if Simma was on a dating app, but it was an AI that was a likeness of me talking to a likeness of you, right? And now, because that's like a digital twin, it's like a digital twthat's. So you know and then we're talking because it knows the likeness of us to say, Yeah, are we compatible? Are we not? And then and then it gives me a short list, an actual shlist like me, the person. So one of the features, one of the things that Google released, this is getting little tecki for a second. This is AI spec, or this technology spec called a two a, which is agent to agent, an agent to agent is this idea that my agent talks to your agent and then they figure out things, right? And so the some of the ideas is that the future personalization, the future shopping, the future of dating is that I give my agent something, information about whatever I want na give and and then it goes out and it you know, it does what it needs to do. And that might be, Hey, I'm going to go talk to five or ten different travel agents and come back to you with the ideal travel packages or some things for you to make decisions on it or whatever it might be based on the personalized information that you're given it. There is a place where there is a Siri or Google Assistant or Alexa or whatever you decide to call your thing that knows you and is gonna na go out and go shopping for you and come back with a bunch of personalized results based on your body type and say that these are the things that you should buy. And that might not be you going out and doing it discovery and a lot of these things are going to change. And that might also mean that I know you're not in the market, but that someone is out there dating on your behalf, right? That's crazy. I mean, it's crazy, but itsave somebody so much time and frustration and it's gonna be really funny because in the future they're gonna be like, don't you miss this swipe? We're going to hear it, Jason. They're gonna be like, wasn't this swipe really fun? I wasn't in that world. I've been married a long time. But I know like that's it's just funny because contextually, you know when you do this, it's like photo, right? It's gonna be like, don't you miss this? You know, one of my favorite things, this this this guy wrote this article about icons that make no sense. Yeah. And so for example, the save icon is a picture of a floppy disc on most apps. And and you ask like you were as someone who's like Janelle for a Gen Z, they're like, they don't see that as a floppy disthey. See that sd save icon? That is the understanding of the context of what that thing is. And it's exactly that. It's like, why is there a picture of like these weird? Do you remember when iTunes change their icon from being a cd to a like to a actual music like like music symbols? Because it's like the cd doesn't make sense as a definition of what music is anymore. That's going to be your swipe. It's going be the betlooks. I can't remember what was it was before the cassette tape. It was like, what was the thing? It wasn't eight tracks. Eight tracks. That's was like when like my deitoration was like, I don't even know what that is like, you know and then you know it just continues on and that's kind of where we are, right? Like we're at a place, but a lot of these things are not gonna be physical. They're going to be just doing it for you on the back end. We're at this point like it's crazy to even say this out loud, but our keyboards and the way that we interact with technology, archaic. Like we're at this point where the future of technology is very much in question. Mobile phones are part of that. But you think of mobile mobile phones is a keyboard, but it's like you're tapping on a screen and it's that vision or these glasses, is this augment reality or these neurochips that are going to our brains? But everyone is asking that question that a laptop is not the thing that seems like it makes sense anymore. But when is this next progression of technology? And I think we're seeing all this happen all at the same time, which is crazy. We're focused on AI. And then at the same time that AI is happening, we have multiple companies to the point that you can buy robots out of China for dollar zero. And that's not just the little dogs, but like humanoid robots. Yet, you know elone mutalking about his optimus robot for $20000 and the general purpose robot in every household that it's possible to have with small language models can do your laundry that will do your dishes for you. The Jetson. Yeah, it's ruby. So like all of this is like converging. And this is voice, this is vision, this is robotics, this is artificial intelligence. And when I say the aol days of AI, what I think is important is that when you were when I was back then doing the dial up sounds that, Nope, your kids don't remember, nor do my kids know, whatever that is. When you were thinking about that point, if you told me that there was a possibility that I would have a cellular or satellite powered phone in my hand that could do these things in 20 years, that would have been insane to me. And we're at that exact point right now where we're talking about the possibilities of the future. Yeah. And I think it's I really enjoy this part of the podcast because this is where innovation happens, right? And as you guys know, when you're creating a business and nothing happens overnight, so this is like a beautiful moment of like really understand the technology so you can understand the possibilities and doing sort of that brainstorming of like this this our industries are changing. What are now it isn't just AI, it is robotics, you know, even blockchain. I know people are actually getting use cases finally from blockchain and AI together for trusting and verifying things, right? It is the wearables and the smart you know, homes of, you know, it's all coming together. And so when you're thinking, yesterday, I actually did a really fun exercise with this group I was speaking to where I was like, all right, I taught them the basis of like these AI skills. And I went and I said, okay, this group has to focus on how do you reduce victims in a school shooting? This group is going to focus on you you're a caretaker taking care of you know somebody with chronic diabetes. This other group has to focus on how do you enhance the customer experience in a restaurant, right? And I again, I shared all these AI tools with them and skills, and they had ten minutes to come up with their pitch. Each one of them came back, did a fantastic job. But then they started talking about wearables, and they started talking about the cameras and this, and they was like bringing these technologies together. And I was like, that's the thinking that once you unlock what actually artificial intelligence can do, you start thinking about all these other pieces. And in a lot of ways, these technologies have been in silos. Then right now, you know, we can bring them together to do some major innovation and change lives. At the end of the day, computer vision, you mentioned it at the beginning of the show. And I think that's one of the best examples of unlocking amazing things if AI can see. And here, it's not just robotics, it's drones. It's all these different things that certainly that seemed impossible, become like become possible, right? It's and when we talk about these ideas of like the singularity or aware the world and technology and futurism, like where all the stuff is starting to converge, is that all these things are meeting and all these things are unlocking possibilities that have been singular threads in different ways that are coming together and are about to release the possibilities that have been things that we've only dreamed of. It's some things that we haven't even thought of as possible. 100. I think this has been an interesting conversation because we started off with like you know that the core of what we know business is changing. You know you guys need to know the CEO's and founders, and they've heard that a lot on my pod. But it's the reality, it's the truth. The use cases, I think, always anchor people to like, let me think about this differently, right? And again, I do think certain people are going you know past the hump and are testing and learning. And that's the best thing you can do with this is educate, test and learn. Educate, test and learn, and you will have some major breakthroughs. But what's interesting in this part of our conversation is that this is the stuff that if you're trying to be a game changer, if you are trying to create segments of the market, you know when you really understand the technology, it's one thing about efficiencies. It's another thing to even create better experiences for your customers. It's another thing when you're talking about innovation. The way that you and I just chatted about the last you know ten minutes, and we're just scratching the surface. Yeah, we're just scratching the surface. And just to go back to what I said before, five biggest companies in the world didn't exist 51 years ago. Their industries didn't exist 51 years ago. Like social media, e -commerce as a category, personal computers as a category, Internet as a category. That's not 51 years ago. That's a lot more recent. Yeah, yes, in Internet. And so like we're talking about entire industries, entire things that didn't exist, entire ways of thinking and being and doing, and we're talking about this being the most transformative of all of those things. We're sitting on the precipice of a large transformation. And if you're not trying to embrace that and see how that's going to impact your business and your companies and your organizations, you're gonna to be left behind. Yeah. But the other thing to also think about is like think about the problems you've been wanting to solve, the big ones, the big ones, how it's potentially possible to try not to open up a whole another can of worms. But you know the buy versus building has been something that that has really been a thing that I've been thinking about a lot. And that really just means that there are a lot of tools on the market when you're considering solutions for what you're needing. Is it better to buy something or is it better to build custom? Exactly. Yeah. And so a lot of companies have decided to buy because it's so expensive to build software, it's so expensive to be opinionated, right? If you have an opinion on how you should do project management, then you can't find software that does it. And then suddenly you find yourself either I mean to build something or you find yourself ultimately deciding to buy software that kind of forces you to take on an opinion, right? That might not be what you want, but vibe coding and technology has changed that. And suddenly the question of whether you buy or build when you have technology allows you to do it cheaper than has ever been before, means that you can be opinionated. And not only can you be opinionated, but as a company, an organization, leaning into the things that make you unique and differentiate yourself, because you don't have to necessarily go buy that erp is going na force you to do things the way that it everyone else says it has to be, opens up opportunities to be unique and to really start to staput a stak in the sand in terms of your brand and what makes you you right. And so I am hopeful that AI opens up the opportunity for us to see different opinions, different views and things that, in some cases, businesses have kind of honed in to say, this is the way that we have to do things. But if you're an mba today, like the organization who charts in the way that you do things, you got to throw all those books out the window because this is a very different point of view. It's a very different way that we should be looking at how you organize and structure your organizations. And if you leainto that, there's a lot of opportunity there. So Jason, we're in the messy middle. It's we are. And you know, every evolution you get there, how do we get over the hump? It's time to love sloppy Joe's. Getting over the hump is embracing the fact that it is messy. That's the best thing that you can do, is embracing the fact that you don't know the answer. So I think that the thing that makes people like you and I perfectly suited for this situation right now is that you and I have been in business and technology through huge transformations of revolutions. I have worked on software and technology that I have watched go obsolete not one times, not two times, not three times, but give me multiple. I mean, I started doing development and programmer geeky things, but like in pel and languages that you don't use today, I spent a decade doing flash development and flash apps. Nobody talks about flash today. You know, I it was the cool videos. I took time to load the, but they were beautiful, all the cool games and like, Yeah and I remember like you know, the, I remember building out content management systems before cmor. A regular thing I can tell you about the world of the iphone being introduced when everyone was like, Oh, you need ten years of experience building iphone apps when no one knew how to build an iphone app. And so once you go through those spmultiple times of disruption, you just get used to this being the fact that you're always recreating the today, you know for tomorrow. And so as we have gone through those cycles, this has become normal. I don't know if that's as normal for lots of other industries that are not as technology savvy as the things that you and I do sema. But when you embrace that and you embrace that messy middle, you start to see the opportunities in the messy middle, and you start to see that that's the place where you can unlock opportunities in a way that no one else sees. Because when you live in that messy middle, that's where innovation, change and magic happens. And so if I was going to say to what I would say to anyone getting sloppy joes is time. I love it. The only thing I would add to that is that you don't have to be a technologist to win here. No, you don't, right? I wasn't a technologist my entire career. I was a business world to business strategy, business reposition, changing your the way you do business. And now I'm like, Oh my God. Like this is that moment, right? And I love, I love it. Sloppy Joe's are the right answer. I couldn't agree more. But you know, it is that moment to take some chances, and I really start to experiearment in ways that it's not even like go experiment and see what's possible, but go experiment to truly see what's possible. Like you know, I think that intonation of my voice of AI was listening to that they would understand. There's a level of optimism and excitement around it. And of course, you got to mitigate risk and do the things that are the right things to do, but we are in a place that things are so possible. Why wouldn't you take advantage of it? Right. So with that, I'm going to ask you a couple rapid fires. Which AI tool do you think is the most overhyped right now? Oh, you know, I prep for this and I still fighmyself on the back foot on it. What AI two is over hype right now? I think anything that you can do as a prompt in ChatGPT, so content generators, social media generators, sdr things, all those things, sales development tools, like if you're if you there's so many tools that are literally just a thin blayer on top of a chagpt that just are not worth whatever you're spending per month, that would be my answer. And that is a lot of things. I am amazed at how many people are spending money on things that you just you just need to just write. Really? That's level of education. They just don't know, right? I don't know which one is underrated. I, as a software development, find that the software development tools out there are things like love, Aboo are probably the things that are the most underrated. There are reasons to have concerns about some of these things in the vibe coding space, but I would there's so many things that are underrated. There's so many tools out there. But the productivity gains and the benefits of coding tools and also video generation tools and audio generation tools like conversational AI, I think are very much underrated. I don't think the people realize how conversai that would be my answer. I'm retracting everything I said, and I'm going to say conversational of AI is the most underrated thing, regardless of Toppo bell situations with conversation AI and talking to it, there are problems. It's not. But but when you hear AI and you hear conversations, you immediately go back to thinking of that horrible robot thing for whatever customer service thing you've talked to that you hate. And you're like, operate operator, operator and then you talk to a conversational bot and you're like, this feels like a human. And and this has gone a lot further than you realize it has. What's a tool that a business leader could get educated and use for education right now in the AI space? Mm, you know, I would say less a tool and more just doing and making whatever your AI model of choices a regular part of your life and just using an regular purpose, a regular thing. I think that it's important that this is something that you see adoption across the entire organization. And in a lot of cases, that starts with executives and your executive team embracing and using this technology. So it's not so much a tool if it's ChatGPT that you like, if it's clothat you like, if it's Gemini you like, whatever it is, you need to start making sure that you and your team are using on a regular basis, because if you're not, no one else is going to be. And also, you got to be able to call. So you have to be able to talk to your team about what's good and what's bad. And the only way to do that is to embrace it. So I don't care how simple it is, if you're just using it in the most basic ways, you got to start using it. My perfect example for someone who is like, how do I use this recipes? My favorite use of ChatGPT is that I have set up this little AI assistant that helps me decide, like recipe planning planning. And I can just go and take some photos of my fridge and my cabinet. And I put that in there and I'm like, what should I make? And I swear it knew about some soy sauce that was in the back that I had no idea was there. I had some like some fish oil or something, I don't know, some stuff in there. And it was like, Yeah, you could grab these things. And the things that you buy for that one recipe, you never touch again. And they're like, use it. It's give me some recipe ideas. I had no way in to these things. Yeah and I'm just saying like just just start just start using this stuff and incorporating it in your life and it could just be for like little things like that. And then as you start to see this and feel this and unlock it, like then you start to see the potential. And if you're close minded to that, then it's hard to understand how big of a shift that we currently are in. Yeah, I love it. The future of business is personalization. Future business is making things that are unique to every individual, and AI allows you to do that. You know you know like I remember the days that we talk about sdr messaging or messages that you would send to someone and like if we could only say exactly what that person needs and wants and speak to their use cases. Now you can Yeah now you personalization, everything should be hyper personalized. Hyper personalized. I love that. Listen, Jason, thank you so much for being on the podcast. I would love for you to share where people can find you. Jason and Perry. Com www dot Jason and Perry. Com. You can find my newsletter in my book there and all the things about me and where I'm gonna be, events and all the things in the future. I love it. And you'll see Jason and I are going work on a lot of things as we both grow in this industry. There's too much to do, too much to innovade some really exciting time to be next to you and partner with you and you know, add so much value to this community. So thank you again for being on. We're gonna to do some amazing things together. I know, I'm like, I'm chomping at the bwith, all the innovation. I'm like, all I kept thinking of was like, why don't we create that? But we create that, right? Like and that's what's possible. So with that, thank you so much for listening into this week's AI CEO podcast. I know there was a lot of great ideas, a lot of gold drops. So please subscribe, comment and like and share, and I'll see you next week. That's a wrap of this episode of the AI CEO podcast. If you found today's conversation valuable, don't forget to rate, comment and subscribe and helps me reach more leaders like you and continue bringing in top AI first founders, industry experts, and visionary CEO's to share their insight. AI is evolving fast, and the CEO's who harness it today will lead tomorrow. Stay ahead of the curve. Keep learning and keep building. Thanks for tuning in and see you next time.
