---
ticker: DUOL
type: podcast_transcript
title: "Calculating Risk Foolishly, Vol. 4: ETSY v. DUOL"
podcast: ""
date: 2026-01-21
audio_url: https://tracking.swap.fm/track/YfZO4tERxneauNcW9Fgn/mgln.ai/e/211/traffic.megaphone.fm/ARML1896167048.mp3?updated=1769014928
language: auto
chars: 79665
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# Calculating Risk Foolishly, Vol. 4: ETSY v. DUOL

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2026-01-21

---

## Transcript

Risk, a lot of people talk about it, but especially in the investment world, I've never found that talk very satisfying. First of all, how do you, how do I, how do they define risk? What does it mean even to say that's a risky stock? The definitions are often unclear. Then some professional analysts in the risk section of their stock research will say stuff like medium, as in, this is a medium risk stock. What does that mean? Well, more than a decade ago, I developed a 25 point risk rating system that I've used as a rule breaker investor ever since. First off, I defined risk, well, at least what that word means to me as an investor. And then we went on not just to put a word to the risskiness of the stock, not just a word like like medium, but to go on to put a number on that stocks risk a number to give you a much more specific understanding. And that number is itself based on 25 questions asked of each stock. You know what? We're gonna na cover the whole thing this week. Joined by my two Motley Fool friends, Alicia Alfieri and yasor alshimi. We three are going to teach you the entire system, help you raid stocks yourself along this very important dynamic of risk. Only on this week's world breaker investing. It's the rule breaker investing podcast with motley Fulco founder David Gardner. Welcome back to rubreaker investing. This week, joined by two Motley Fool experts, two friends were diving into assessing investment risk using my 25 point risk rating system. Now risk in equity investing, as I define it, is the potential loss of a substantial portion of capital over a significant period, like, let's say, three years. Understanding this risk at both an individualstock level and also a portfolio level is crucial. And my framework, which was created to provide clarity and risk assessment, moves away from vague terms like medium risk. It's a system and it's straightforward. So we're going to ask 25 yes or no questions about a stock with no indicating a higher risk. Each no adds a point, making the higher the score, the higher the risk. And by the way, I love yes and no questions. I mean, the easiest, best tests I ever took were not multiple choice, which is itself easier than short answers, but instead just a binary yes or no, thumb up, thumb down. And that's what we do with our risk graating system. So again, each no adds a point, higher the score, higher the risk. And this approach is not just for individual stocks. You could also apply it to entire portfolios by calculating the weighted average risk score of your holdings. So this method also challenges the conventional belief that high risk equates to high reward. In fact, my own experience has sometimes found that lower risk stocks can offer greater returns, which, by the way, is a truly rule breaking assertion. Now let's delve into this system with my fellow fools, Alicia Alfieri and ysir el Shimi. Fools welcome. It's great to be here. Hi, David. I'm happy to be here. Alicia, let me turn to you first. What are you working on these days for our members around the fool? Yeah well, I'm on the rule breakers and supernova Phoenix teams, and I'm really excited to hear that. And I think I told you this ahead of time. So my next question for you, you don't have to answer supernova if it's not your best answer. Alicia, what is the best thing that's happened to you so far in 2026? Well, the best thing so far in 2026 is that I've started swim lessons with my ten month old daughter and she is the splashiest baby in the whole class. The whole class and is splashy in this context. Awesome. Or is it a problem? It's awesomeness. And the amount of water that you move around, I love that you're doing that. That is fantastic. And Alicia, slightly more seriously, what company will you be bringing this week? And maybe just a couple sentences explaining the business. Yeah. Well, today we're gonna talk about Etsy. So ticker, etthe two sided marketplace that helps craftpeople le connect with buyers. And the company also owns depop, which is a fashion resale platform. Thank you very much, Alicia. Looking forward to getting into Etsy with our 25 yes or no risk rating questions. Now let me turn to Yasser alshimi. Yasser, what are you working on around in the fool these days for our members? Sure. I am an acting advisor on the global partners surface, and I help recommend companies that trade on international exchanges. Fantastic. And Yasser, what's the best thing that's happened to you here in 2:26 so far? Oh, boy. The fact that I was able to go to the beach in January, I highly recommend it to everybody. We drove south to Wilmington in North Carolina, and I, much to my surprise, it was warm enough to actually go to the beach. And the kids had a lot of fun, and they played by the water and and it was a blast. Well, you know as a graduate of the University of	North Carolina, which I am, which you know about me, Yeah. So you know that I love North Carolina, but I especially love Wilmington. So I'm so glad that your family had a great time there. And yster, what company will you be bringing this week? Sure. I'll be talking about Duolingo. Tiker symbol is duoll. It's a language learning platform you can access both from a website as well as a phone app. It offers more than 40 languages and it has risen through the years to become effectively the go to platform to learn a foreign language and chess two, maybe we'll get into that. Okay. Well, these are two really interesting companies, very rule breakery in their own respective ways. I say gentle fools, start your engines because we're gonna to get right into question number one here. Now the first five are about the company. And the first question that I want to ask you each about the respective companies at sea enduolingo is was the company profitable during the previous quarter and past twelve months? So profitability, Alicia, all episode long, we're going to go Etsy, then Duolingo. Alicia, what do you got for us here? Etsy was profitable in the last twelve months of the year. So they had 182 million in net income and they were also profitable in their last quarter. They had a net income of 75 million. That's delightful to hear. Good for Etsy. Stock hasn't been great. Glad to know the company is that profitable. Yaser. Turning now to Duolingo. Was the company profitable during the past quarter and past twelve months? Yes, to both. It was profitable last quarter, which did include a significant one time tax benefit for the trailing twelve months ending September. Thirth net income comes with approximately $386 million. But it's also good to keep in mind that the company first achieved profitability in 2023 and has been profitable since. And in fact, that profitability has been growing over time. Thank you very much. Before we move on to question number two, Alicia, why do you think we check for both the previous quarter as well as the past twelve months? Oh, well, I would say that we want to make sure that profitability didn't just happen one quarter of the year. Well said. Some companies, by the way, can be extremely seasonal so that they just have one or two quarters where they're consistently profitable and not and if you're only looking at the last quarter, you might draw the wrong conclusion. So thank you for that. Let's move on to question number two. Was the company cash flow positive during the previous quarter and the past twelve months? Cash flow, Alicia, Etsy, yes, it was. In the last quarter, free cash flow was about 205 million. It was also free cash flow positive in the last twelve months of the year. So that was about 635 million in free cash flow. Thank you. And these questions, not all of them are this way, are just straight numbers. Ysir, how about Duolingo? Yeah, yes to both. Duolingo has been strongly cash flow positive actually and for the past twelve months ending again Q3 2025 free cash flow is about lar $350 million growing by about 20% year over year. So Yeah, I guess the Green owcan generate some cash from wants to well said. Okay, both companies still at zero. Again, lower numbers, lower risk. Lower numbers are good if you're trying to avoid risk, which is not always necessarily the golden in the end. We're not scoring these where there's a certain number that's better than any other. Alicia yasner and I all know that just understanding and having context for the risk around an investment is worthwhile, especially before making that investment. While our first two friends were pure quantitative, but this one starts getting into the qualitative is still about the company. Question number three. The topic for number three, Alicia, is brand. Does the company's business rely on recognizable branding truly valued by its buyer base, Etsy? Yes, I would say that Etsy still has a recognizable brand for the vintage, unique and homemade items. And Alicia, is Etsy any part of your own buying from one year to the next? It is well. And especially having baby's first Christmas, there are a lot of fun buys that had to be made. Yeah and it is definitely a recognizable brand. It's interesting in an Amazon dominated world, you know, what are the other e -commerce companies at scale that have recognizable brands? There's certainly several of them, Etsy being one of them. Alicia, have you ever sold anything on Etsy? No, I have not. I am not that crafty, but maybe that talented ten month old will start cranking out something beyond just splashing water. I mean, I'm not saying let's profit off our kids here, people, but I mean, some people are particularly gifted and etsi's out there for them. Okay, ysir, let's move on to Duolingo. Does that company's business rely on recognizable branding truly valued by the buyer base? Absolutely. Duolingo has over 50% brand awareness in the United States language learning market. It's a category leader in this respect. And who amongst us doesn't know duo the owl, right? Duo the owl. It's this iconic viral marketing assets, you know, the kind of the symbol of the company. And they do a lot of very funny, very catchy viral videos on social media and otherwise that have really created a lot of traction, a lot of goodwill, especially among younger people. You know, a great part of Duolingo's success over the years has been the fact that so much of their business has been acquired through word of mouth, as in just word of mouth marketing, they don't have to spend a lot of money to market the product and also having a premium business model doesn't hurt either. And we might be returning shortly to the idea of raving fans. But let's first move on to question number four in our risk rating system. Again, four of the first five, the five are all about the company. Here's number four, Alicia. Diversification. Has Etsy diversified its buyer base so that no single customer accounts for more than 20% of revenue? Yes, definitely so. Over 93 million buyers and roughly 8.5 million sellers on Etsy in the last nine months of 20, 25. So definitely none of them, not even me with my new baby have accounted for 20% of et's revenues, I'm glad to say. Very well said. It it's very unlikely for a company with a broad based, in this case, commercial platform that any one buyer would be so significant. Obviously, this is a very relevant question for companies that work more in industries that are oligopoles or with one big purchaser for whom they might be a single supplier. So definitely not the case for Etsy. I'm not going na answer for Yasser, but I suspect the answer may be the same. Yaser has Duolingo diversified its buyer base so that no single customer accounts for more than 20% of revenue. 100. So this is gonna to sound a lot like Alicia's answer. Basically, we have. Over 50 million daily active users on Etsy, 9.5 million of whom are paid subscribers. So these by definition are individuals. So there's no single kind of customer risk here. Customer concentration also, I would say the revenue is generated both from the subscription as well as advertising and other venues, including like the Duolingo English test, which is an alternative to the toefl standard exam for non English speakers. And also there is geographical diversification and the revenue over 50% of duolingus sales come from outside of the United States. I had been wondering that, and that's very promising. That's very good to hear. It's fun fools to note that both these companies basically have tens of millions at a baseline, whether we're talking about buyers on Etsy or users on Duolingo, and then they have single digit millions in terms of the real activity that e you mentioned, Alicia, eight point a half million sellers and yster nine point a half million premium accounts. So they're kind of similarly positioned both at where they are in their company history and also within the context of their industry and what they do. Let's move on to the final question. Number five here for the company. And Yeah, it's back to what we've already foreshadowed, raving fans. So in your estimation, Alicia, does Etsy overall receive positive word of mouth from its customers? So I'm going to bend the rules here and give them a half point because I think this is questionable. Etsy is well known, but Etsy, the marketplace in its latest quarter saw a decline in active buyers and gms per active buyers. So gross merchandise sales, this is a trend that the company experienced in 20, 20 42. On top of that, according to comparably right now, Etsy has a net promoter score of negative seven. That's not great. During the pandemic, as you recall, Etsy was very popular, especially because you could buy homemade masks on the platform. So right now, I'm giving them a half point and calling it questionable. And this is the rule breaker investing podcast, so you're absolutely invited to break our rules. That it is a reminder to me to mention, especially for listeners hearing this system for the first time, make it your own. One thing that I've done with the system, which I personally like about it, is every question is equally weighted. So I'm saying that, number one, profitable matters just as much as having raving fans or not. You might disagree. I could easily see people wanting to start waiting things for me, that way lies madness. But the main point is making our own. So yes, I love the half point assignment there. Alicia, subtle rule. Breakery, well played. Ysir, how about Duolingo? Does Duolingo overall receive positive word of mouth from its customers? So again, I'm gonna steal Alicia's thunder here and I'm gonna give the exact same answer, which is to say half a point. It works both ways. So Duolingo does have great brand awareness. It's also a lot of word of mouth H recommendations in terms of adoption. If you look at their App Store ratings, for example, they're generally high, about 4.7 out of five. It's not bad at all. And I talked a little bit also about the viral kind of social media presence and a million of followers on the very social media platform. However, they do have net promoter score that's negative one, which does indicate that some users have had issues with things like Billings and pricing and other issues that they've complained about. But I would say overall, I'm leaning more yes than no. But if you want to give it half a point, we can give it half a point. I like that. Let's give it half a point. We'll keep them even. In fact, I'm keeping on going. Score here. You can score us along at home as well. I think we're at 0.5I half point for each of these two companies as we close out the company section. The next section, which is also five questions, numbers six through ten, is the financials. So here's where we're going to get into the financial statements and assessing the risk that we see in Etsy and in Duolingo. Looking at the financials. Number six. Question number six, turning back to Alicia. Did Etsy, Alicia, increase its sales by 10% to 40% annually in the previous three years? No, it's did not. It saw only single digit revenue growth in 2023 and 2024. The 2022 did get to 10.2%. On top of that, gross merchandise sales. So the amount of sales that flows through the platform has been falling. So that was down 6% for the first nine months of 20, 25. And that's due to the sale of reverb, which was a platform for gently used musical instruments. But it's mostly due to a decline in the gms or gross merchandise sales in Etsy. The company blamed that on a difficult retail market and consumers being under pressure. And that's important because Etsy takes a toll or fees from the sellers on its platform to make money. But if you asked me that question a few years ago, I would have had a much more exciting answer because Etsy was a pandemic, darling. It was indeed. And I'm also wondering tariffs and how meaningful or not that is for Etsy's business. Alicia, we might get into that in a little while, but thank you for that answer. We give them a no. Therefore, that is a plus one for Etsy. Let's turn now to do olingo ysir. Did Duolingo increase its sales? I'm going to explain a little bit why I have this parameter that I'm putting out there. Did the company increase its sales by 10% to 40% annually in the previous three years? So yes, absolutely. So annual revenue growth has been at least 40% over the past three years. In fact, the kegar, the compound annual growth rate over the past three years is 42%. Obviously, you know, with the law of large numbers that might moderate in the years to come and next year, but ultimately, this is still a fast growing company that's also profitable. Well, and that is good news. And yet I'm going to adjust the number, Yasser, based on what you just gave me, because I believe you said that the three year annualized top line is 42%, correct? And so that is actually outside by parameters of ten to 40%. So we're going to give I don't want to rain on the parade here, but we're gonna to give giolingo a plus one as well. And that enables me briefly to explain why I selected the parameter that we use because to me, you wanna have growth, first of all, if you don't have growth, that's a riskier stock right there. And I think double digit growth, Alicia, to your point, 6%, not quite good enough to double digit growth is definitely preferable. And yet, friends, if we see really high strong growth rates, while I love that as an investor and some of our best stocks have extremely high growth rates from a risk standpoint, what starts to happen is sometimes the market locks in on expectations that those numbers will stay high and stocks become riskier when they're growing so fast. So while as an investor, I like to see 42% growth, to be a stickler and to my system here, I'm going to assign a plus one, let's do that together, Yasser, to Duolingo as well because it's growing so darn fast, it's a little bit risky. It's a good problem to have that makes sense because if we look at Etsy during the pandemic, so 20, 20, 110% increase in revenues that fits with the risk. Yes, it does. And Yaser, did you want to reflect anything before we move on to number seven? No, I think I mean, that's a fair point, David. I would say that I might kind of take issues in terms of that. Sometimes you get this lumpy, very high rates of growth as in the case of Etsy when it's pandemic and everything kind of is thrown into air. Whereas I think with Duolingo's revenue growth, it has been more sustainable and well built on strong foundations. And you can see that in the cash flow and the profitability. I hear you. And I also recognize this is a little bit of picking nits, slightly ridiculous because if it is just 39%, not 42%, I'd say zero. We don't have to add a plus one. So with that said, just staying to the system, I'm going to give it a plus one. I can understand how somebody might give it a plus 0.5, but I'm glad we got to make the overall point because I like investors to be thinking that high growth rates are not just awesome, they're also adding risk to the overall thesis around a company. Let's move on to number seven. Number seven is entitled independence. Alicia. Can Etsy operate its business without relying on external funding? Independence. I'm going to give them a half a point here as well. So I would say that they they can if they made some different choices. So right now, Etsy has more debt than cash, and it recently issued some convertible debt, then repurchased shares with some of the proceeds. The company is a cash generator, but its buybacks in 2024 and so far in 2025 have outpaced its cash generation. Now investors generally like share buybacks, and they can be a great way to share value as shareholders. But in this case, especially with gross merchandise sales falling on their marketplace, I'd really like to see that cash be reinvested back into the business. So I'd like to see less buybacks, but it doesn't look like that's gonna to happen as the company just announced a $750000000 share repurchase plan that is on top of 200 million that was left on their last repurchase plan. So we're talking about almost $1 billion for share repurchases in its back pocket. Wow. I love the nuance there. Thank you for that background, Alicia. And I would say, especially for listeners who are newer to the market, it's not always that easy to determine whether a company can operate its business without relying in external funding unless you are somewhat adept with financial statements. I've always tried to democratize as much as possible investing and make it, as Einstein would say, as simple as possible, but no simpler. But there you have the benefit of a professional analyst looking at things going. Actually, surprisingly, their share buyback commitments are in some ways creating a necessity to go back to the market, which I would say adds to the risk of a company. So thank you for that. 0.5. Noting that, let's turn back to Yasser. Yasser, how about Duolingo and its ability to operate independently? It can operate independently. I do not foresee Duolingo needing any external financing for the foreseeable future. The balance sheet is in pretty good shape. Over $1.1 billion in cash on short term investments. It generates tremendous amounts of cash flow, operating cash flow of over $360 million just in the last twelve months. I think they're gonna to be fine. Let's give them a check there. Let's keep moving the score now. And by the way, this is not a competition where lower hire is better. We're all just learning about risk together. Alright, well, I'm keeping a running score here. I have fsy at two right now and Duolingo at 1.5. Let's move on to number eight. Number eight is disclosure. Alicia, does fc maintain a high standard of disclosure consistent with sec guidelines? Yes, all of its cu's and kand proxy statements are in order. And Yasser, how about Duolingo? Is it maintaining a high standard of disclosure and keeping the sec happy? Absolutely. It's again, it's filing everything that needs to be filed on a regular basis for the sec. It's also giving shareholders pretty simple to use investor relations website. They do produce actually very detailed quarterly shareholder letters, which not all companies do. So I like that communication from the CEO towards the shareholders. Yeah, that's really good to hear and not of that, but that's where we're going next with number nine. But before we go there, I do just want to mention that sometimes companies have problems even if they have a great balance sheet. Sometimes they say things like we've just discovered something internally. We can't actually report our earnings on time. It might be delayed by a week, those kinds of situations which to me add to risks. So when companies are consistent with high standards of disclosure, of course, they get a yes here. But sometimes we don't always see a yes for number eight. We did here, though. Let's move on to number nine. As I just mentioned, talking with ysir, this relates in a lot of ways to number eight. Here we go, Alicia. Transparency, I call this one. Would an intermediate investor find et's financial statements and management ownership disclosures relatively easy to sift through and understand? Alicia, yes or no? Yes. Jumping off of yaserearlier points, they have a good investor relations page. Again, all of their ten ks and cu's are there. They even have investor presentations. If you like to see visual representations of numbers, that is fantastic. And Yeah, this one is sort of a shout out to investor relations departments, sometimes to websites, the efforts that companies make to help educate their shareholders or anybody who's interested in researching the stock. Ysir turning out for a Duolingo, I think you are starting to answer this with number eight as well. Anything you want to add about what I assume is high Marks for the transparency and efforts that Duolingo makes to coach and teach investors? Correct. I mean, if you want to be really nitpicky, you can say, well, they're using some adjusted metrics for ibadibut. Of course, they explain how they do the adjustments and they explain how the non GAAP measures kind of come about in the investor letter. So if you want na learn more about that, you can there's also kind of if you want to talk about ownership structure, there's class a and class b shares. But again, all of that is perfectly laid out and explained on the filings. Sounds benign enough. So we're going to say yes for these companies for both 89, disclosure and transparency. Let's go to the final one for financials. And it's number ten. It's called well managed. Alicia. Did the company report a return on equity of 15% or more in the previous year? No, it did not. And that's a result of the negative shareholder equity due to Etsy's large scale buybacks. Hmm, so these things are all connected. All right. Well, there are many ways of judging how well managed a company is, but this one just looks at financials and how well the company is allocating. And we just heard, unsurprisingly, that Etsy is not doing great with this one. So plus one for Etsy, Yaser, yes or no, did Duolingo report a return on equity of 15% or more in the previous year? So the last reported return on equity is almost 40% for Duolingo. However, it was not that way for the previous part of the year where it was actually below 15%. And the reason why the return on equity was so high at Q3 was because of that one time tax benefit that I had mentioned earlier. But generally speaking, the direction of roe for Duolingo has been up and to the right over the past three years. And ythere are many ways of looking into financial statements. We're now closing up the financial section here, and we ignored a lot of other things I care about. And look at, for example, how much cash the company has as balance sheet, how much debt, how about return on equity in the market of 15%? What can that teach us as investors? Well, it's usually it's a very quick signal to most investors about how well management is doing in terms of generating returns for the business. So positive profitable returns for the business. And there are many ways that that can be gamed. You know either buy stock buybacks or some acquisitions or detaking debt for some reason. But generally speaking, it's a fair kind of indicator of how efficient and how well management is allocating capital and generating returns on those allocations. Thank you for that. And as we close up the financial section, let me just mention, I don't think I actually use the phrase return on equity at any point in my rule breaker investing book of last year. This is not necessarily something that rule breakers in particular pay that much attention to. Many of our rule breaker companies can't put up a great mark because they're at an earlier stage. But in general, a company that can create return on equity of 15% or more is basically consistently compounding shareholder capital at a good, attractive rate without relying on excessive leverage and other ways, as yoster mentioned, to manipulate their financials. So it's not the only number that counts here, but looked at in relation to the other 24 questions, it's all part of our mix. So with that said, we've now covered ten of our 25 questions. We've had some quantifiable ones. We've had some qualitative ones. We're gonna to continue with a nice mix as we proceed forward to section number three. Now section number three is all about the competition. Our next three questions are focused on competition, something very important for every company, I would say, especially rule breaker like stocks in including Etsy and Duolingo. And in fact, I should update the score before we jump forward. One section. I have us Etsy presently counting up to three and Duolingo counting up to one and a half. Again, the higher the number, the higher the risk of the stock we're researching. Let's now move to the competition section and question number eleven. Alicia, I entitled this one underdogs. So is the company here? Is Etsy free of any direct competitors that have substantially greater financial resources? Is the company free of any big dogs turning it into an underdog? No. Etsy is not free of direct competitors that have more financial resources. So Etsy has 1.5 billion in cash and short term investments, and it has more debt than that at three, almost 3 billion in long term debt. Amazon, while it does have some debt, has more resources than Etsy. And so it is Shopify. Again, they have debt, but they have more cash and more than Etsy. So not surprising at all that a company like Etsy, which I do view as an underdog, and that is the name of question number eleven, that it might have some big competitors in its e -commerce space. Ysir, what about Duolingo? Is Duolingo free of any direct competitors that have substantially greater financial resources? So I would say it's Duolingo 's more of a top dog than an underdog. It is a market leader. It has competitors like Babel, like Rosetta stone, which are well established, but Duolingo does surpass them in terms of fusurbased revenue share and brand awareness. So I would say it's a top doi. Agree. And that's a real contrast. You know at least as I recall, I think Etsy got started before Duolingo. So if that's Etsy has been around longer, has had more opportunity to grow compound and be nasty as a competitor, and yet it is much more vulnerable. Duolingo is in a position, admittedly in a smaller industry, but is in a position where it is not the underdog. So plus one then for Etsy, bringing it up to four. Let's move on to question number twelve. Kind of looks at the other side of the coin. So question number twelve, I've entitled Goliath. And let me turn to Alicia and Etsy. Alicia is Etsy free of any disruptive upstarts visibly challenging its business model? Well, so there are no disruptors in this space that aren't completely changing the model, but there are smaller alternatives to Etsy. So there's folksy for handmade goods in the uk, and that looks a lot like Etsy to me. There's also society six, if you want art prints. Even Michael's opened up a marketplace for creatives to sell. So no disruptor per se, but definitely a lot of competition. Would you wanna give it a half point here? Or do you say, yes, it is free of disruptive upstarts visibly challenging its business model? I think we give it a half point here just because of all of the interesting alternatives. All right. Well said. I agree, Yasser. What about Duolingo? Is Duolingo free of any disruptive upstarts visibly challenging its business model? If you looked at the price chart of Duolingo over the past year, it's down over 50%, which are completely divorced, by the way, from the fundamental performance of the company, the top and bottom line. And the reason for that decline, stock is basically halved is that there is so much worry about the possibility of large language models and AI to disrupt the language learning kind of niche in which Duolingo operates. A lot of people think that Gemini, in particular, alphabet's AI model, can be a player in this area. However, there is no direct competition yet to Duolingo. So I'm going to move us for at least a half point here because I do think AI is a visible challenger that could undermine Duolingo's business model. Ysir. You know this company better than I do. I see you half nodding you and I, this is an audio only podcast, but we do see each other over riverside, and I see you willing to concede at least a half point. Do you think this is a half point or is this a plus one? I would give it a half point. And the reason is I'm still not entirely sure that there is a viable business model or at least there is a viable alternative. That has come to the surface. Not that it cannot happen, but I see that doingo does have some competitive advantages that make it extremely hard to disrupt. And perhaps we will talk about that when we talk about the mode in the questions. Come, let's do that. You're doing a good job leading us forward each time because indeed, question number 13 in the final in our competition section is entitled mote turning back to Etsy and Alicia. Alicia, would potential new competitors face high economic, technological or regulatory barriers to entry? No. So there are some barriers to entry and creating the platform and attracting the talent, right? But we're not talking about something that's terribly capital intensive like an airline or with lots of regulations like in pharmaceuticals or biotech. Yeah. So that's a no. Therefore, that is a plus one. Adding to the risk of holding or buying Etsy stock, people can kind of set up their site on Shopify and all of a sudden be selling that same crochted quilt, possibly crocheted by a ten month old and therefore, I think earning a premium because that would be really special. And Yeah, that can just happen pretty easily these days globally. So I hear you on the plus one for Etsy as we close out question 13. I now have Etsy at two, three, four, five and a half on our risk rating system. Yasser, what about Duolingo? Would potential new competitors face high barriers, whether economic, technological or regulatory to enter its market? I would say yes, there are high barriers to entry. Duelingo does enjoy a significant moat. I would say it's one of scale and as well as network effects. So Duolingo has over 500 million users effectively that provided with data constantly, which it can use to train its own AI models and integrate AI into its offering, test strong brand recognition. But more importantly, I think Duolingo has really excelled at not only teaching language, but making it almost addictive, right? So it's habit forming language playing. There's gamification, there's social network aspect to it. You're checking on other people and how they're doing. You also have your own streak that you must keep alive at all costs. Is it time now for us to reveal yster, your own language of choice on Duolingo and your own streak? And I think it is time. Sure. My language, ggaof choice is Italian, and my streak is 14 hundred days. Sounds like you're rounding how many exact days y'well I'll have to open the app for that. Yes, you will. But I think we we need to hear it because one of the things I learned when I was bouncing on my daddy's knee is round numbers are always lies. There you go. All right. To be perfectly exact, my streak is 13 hundred and 99 days. That was that was really close, and that's quite remarkable. And obviously, Oster, you're somebody who's got to know this company really well. It's always fun learning from an analyst who really knows the product or service well. Yster, it's often been said by people that Yeah duolingos is actually just a video game company that happens to use language as its content to drive user interest and activity. I've always viewed that, of course, as a lifelong gamer myself, as a high compliment, because it really is a beautifully designed set of game experiences that recur adsome variety and keep people engaged. Some of the brightest people I know for as many as thousand 399 days. Exactly. And the best part of it, it's actually free to use, which is remarkable. I do pay though, and I'm a shareholder. And a side note, it's been disappointing watching the stock because this stock, as you well know, ysir many of our listeners probably not keeping up that often initially would do a lingo. But the stock touched a high of about 500 last year, less than a year ago, and right now it's about 150. As you mentioned, part of the story of the stock is maybe a disconnection from the financial results based on worries and fears around disruptive AI. I think that's accurate. That's absolutely accurate. And David, this is when I get most intrigued and interested in a talk. There's that disconnect between fundamental performance and price action. And you know, any number of very successful rule breakers that have gone through the years have had drawdowns of 50% or more only to come back and make new highs. All right. Both of these really interesting, sometimes volatile stocks. We've just finished more than half our questions. That was the competition section. And as we enter section number four, which is about the stock, three questions we ask about the stock. I've counted fc at five and a half and do olingo at two. Let's keep moving, Alicia. Question 14 is just market caps, something near and dear to the heart of this show. Number 14 is entitled market cap. Now that is a phrase near and dear to any longtime listener of this show, because the market cap game show is is a game show we've made about market cap. The question that we use for our risk ratings, Alicia, number 14, is, does the stock here, does Etsy have a market cap of more than $10 billion? Yes or no? No, it does not. It's 6 billion. So that's a plus one. This one's straight up quantification. Why do you think I mean, any number that you pick for market caps is a little bit arbitrary? Let's just all acknowledge that up front. If you asked, two died in the wolongtime Wall Street analyst, what is a Mid Cap stock? I think youget two different ranges. But directionally, why do you think I favor I realize I'm asking you to intuit what I'm thinking, Alicia, but why do you think I favor $10 billion? Well, I'd imagine it's because it gives you a reflection of a company that's been more established, has been around for a while and therefore, hopefully has a little bit less risk. Yeah. And none of these, of course, is a single factor decision you're making about in stock. It's all to see the overall body of work here, the 25 questions that we ask. But I think it really is relevant to ask about a company's market cap. Where is it roughly? Because at a certain size, companies are less risky if they have resources, if they're sizable enough to have large customer bases etc.. That definitely lowers the risk at least 1:20 fifth of the way. This is one of our 25 questions, Yasser. How about Duolingo? Does the stock of a market cap of more than 10 billion? No, it does not. Its market cap is about $7 billion right now. And that's, of course, less than half of what it was just about a year ago. Really interesting to follow. So plus one for both of these companies. Let's next move to beta, which is question number 15. Is this stocks beta less than 1.3 over the past twelve months. That's the question we ask. And before I ask Alicia about Etsy, I'll just mention beta. For those not familiar, many longtime investors will be is basically just measuring how volatile a stock is. If a stock moves up and down by about the same amount at as the S&P 500 every day, week, month, year, it has a beta of 1.0. If it moves up or down more spasmodically, accelerating on highs, declining further on lows, then it would be an over 1.0 ratio. So I use 1.3 as sort of a dividing line between more volatile stocks above 1.3 or less volatile. So now with beta a little bit, explained my own bias toward using a certain number. Alicia, is Etsy's beta less than 1.3 over the past twelve months? Yes, it is. It's 0.85. So it moves pretty closely, tracks pretty closely with overall market. Excellent. And let's turn right back to yasra now. Yasra, what about joolingo? The answer is no. The beta has been all over the place over the past twelve months, starting the year around 1.7, ending the year at around 1.1. But in in between about June, July of last year, we witnessed a Spike above two and a half. Wow. So Yeah, the answer is no. This is a very volatile stock. And you know before we move on at number 16, where we're gonna to look at the price to earnings ratio, I do want to point out that for a lot of market observers, beta is what they use to measure the risk of a stock. They're basically saying it's a risky stock if it's jumping up and down, and it's not a risky stock if it doesn't move much. And obviously, I give a little nod with one of my 25 questions to beta right here, but I don't spend a lot of time looking at beta myself. And I would say risk is much deeper than just looking at how volatile a stock is. So this is one of my favorite ones because I like to dutriple underline this point, especially for people new to thinking about risk and what is medium risk or high or low risk for stocks. That's why I love numbers, not just labels, in a world in which people tend to use a single number, the beta, to estimate how risky they think a stock is. And as a wise man once said, volatility is the price of entry for outsized returns. Well said. And that's actually that wise man being you, David. Oh, well, that's kind of you. And I think Aristotle said something like that. Sure, Morgan housel has a great line about that. So yes, I will not accept any personal credit there, but thank you. I do think that volatility, especially for rule breaker stocks, is gonna to come with the territory. Not everybody who listens to this podcast from one week to the next is necessarily searching rule breakers or would say that they are a died in the wool rule breaker and duster. But it is worth pointing out that for classic, our biggest winners, those seven plus 100 baggers that I've picked in the past, Yeah they got cut in half more than once, and you had to sit there on your hands and watch it happen if you really wanted to earn crazy good returns. Let's move now to question number 16. As mentioned, it's entitled pe ratio. Here's the way I phrased it, yes or no, Alicia. Does Etsy have a positive price to earnings multiple that is less than 30? No, it's 39, and that's pretty expensive. When you compare it to something like eBay or Amazon, though, it is cheaper than shopifies. I believe it's 115 times the last twelve months earnings. And for Etsy itself, that's actually not the worst valuation that we've seen. That was back in 2020, and it averaged just under 100 times price to earnings. Which is quite remarkable. And you know I will say as a rule breaker investor, I'm not afraid of high pe ratios. I do believe much of the world is trained to think that you would never want to buy a stock with a pe ratio, let's say, a 50 or higher than that, certainly. And yet some of my best stock picks had even higher pe ratios than that and went on to become 100 baggers. Intuitive Surgical is one example. So I personally am not afraid of high pe ratios. But with that said, we're examining the risk of stocks, Yasser. And here, you know a higher pe ratio is naturally going to add to the riskiness around a stock. If that company comes out with disappointing earnings or a surprise number, that stock will get hurt more to the downside than many other companies with lower pe ratios. Yaser, how about Duolingo? Does Duolingo have a positive pe multiple less than 30? So the answer is yes, but right. So technically, it did have a 19 times pe ratio for the last twelve months. However, again, as I alluded earlier, there was a one time tax benefit that duollego benefited from in the last quarter, which really did impact how these results can be construed. And therefore, I think in this case, it might actually be more instructive to look on a forward basis, forward looking basis. Okay. So it trades at 38 times next twelve months pe. And therefore, I don't know if you want to give it half a point or a full point. Let's give it a full plus one there just because I do like to generally remain to the system and not scatter a whole bunch of half pointers everywhere. But that's just my own stylistic leaning. I could easily imagine people who like more nuanced stuff going, well, that's actually a three quarters of a point or just a 25. But let's go with a straight classic plus one, because the company does not have a pe multiple less than 30. And by the way, I always say, does it have a positive price to earnings multiple, meaning you want na have earnings that's going to lower the riskiness of a stock? And so it is always a positive pe multiple that is less than 30. Well, thank you both. We've just closed up the stock section, and by my counting, we now have Etsy at seven and a half and do olingo at five. Let's move on to questions number 17 and 18. This is about the people, something that matters greatly to rule breaker investors. And two questions are dedicated, looking at what some people term the human capital of a company. Let me turn to Alicia. This one, number 17. Alicia is entitled founder. Do any of the key Etsy insiders still have at least a 5% stake in the company? No. So today, the lead independent director, the former CEO and executive chair, the former cefo and the current CEO combined owned just over 1%. To be fair, that is a fair amount of money at something like 64 million, but yet not 5%. Yeah. And so not even close to having any key insider who really, really feels strongly the weight up or down of the performance of the stock. And again, this doesn't on its own mean it's a great stock or a very bad stock. It's just part of the overall panoply, part of the overall view that we take of companies. And at least in the case of Etsy, we don't see anybody who's founder like a significant stakeholder. And y'all, sir, how about Duolingo? Any key big stakeholders among insiders? Yes. And so both co founders, Louise vaughhan, who's the CEO, as well as severon hacker, they each hold significant stake on the company. Louise vaughhan owns approximately 7.1%. Severn hacker owns about 6.5% of the company. So they are well above the 5% threshold. And ysir, why do you think we even include this in our risk rating system? What does it mean to have significant stakeholders active at a company? So to borrow a phrase that our CEO, Tom Gardner, likes to use, we like CEO's who have skin in the game. We want to know that the CEO, the operators, they care about the company. They are fully invested in the company. They wanted to succeed and therefore will shepherd it in that direction. Very well said. All right, let's move on to one more people question about risk. Number 18 is entitled tenure. Alicia, to the top three officers at Etsy have more than 15 years of combined leadership at Etsy. Yes. So I would say they have more than 15 years of combined service. So the new CEO has served in different roles at Etsy since 2011. The cfo has been there a year and the chief product and technology officer has also been an Etsy for several years. It's nice to know. And yes, that's certainly in my mind, going to reduce the risk profile of a company. If you have people whobeen around, been there, done that institutional memory and presumably haven't been fired for incompetence, they're still there working even if their stock is volatile or hasn't been awesome in the last few years. Yaser, how about Duolingo tenure? Do the top three officers at Duolingo have more than 15 years of combined I like Alicia's tweak there of combined service at the company? Yes, easily. So just the CEO on his own has about 14 and a half years of experience or service at Duolingo, and the average management tenure is around six years. Recently, they replaced their cfo, and the new cfo actually came from the board. So she already had been serving at the company for many years. So so yes, easily they surpass that. Wonderful. Those are our two questions about the people. And my ongoing tally suggests that Etsy is at eight and a half, and we have Duolingo at five. Every rep starts the same. Your limits are real, but so is your potential. New unrestricted power training gear from Lulu lemon built with our most powerful fabric. Every push is supported so you can drive through the hardest presses, every squat and lift, unrestricted flexing and stretching for max range of motion in the gym. You don't know what you're truly capable of yet. Get into unrestricted power and find out now online at lululemon dot com dot. Let's move to our next two. We start getting into new territory, non standard territory. In our last seven questions that we ask in my risk ratings system, 19 and 20, I'm gonna to give them both right now. Then we're gonna to go through them one at a time. The first one is called the stock advisor way. And because I initially use this system a lot from Motley Fool stock advisor, we like to say, what do members who use Motley Fool stock advisor kind of expect to see what fits well with Motley Fool's doadvisor? And I would then say, if we could say yes in answer to this question, we would say that coming less risky if we give it a no, just like any of the other questions we're asking. Wesay, that's a little riskier. So 19 is the stock advisor way, and 20 is about conscious capitalism, something that recs frequently on this podcast. I know we have new listeners all the time. If you've never heard this funky phrase conscious capitalism, feel free to Google it or go to conscious capitalism. Org and you'll learn more. Or just read chapter four of my book, rule breaker investing, where I say that's one of the habits we need to develop as investors to follow the tenets of conscious capitalism. Anyway, that's number 19 and number 20. So Alicia, let's go now with Etsy. And the question the stock advisor way question we phrase this way, is this a solid business with proven management and a stalwart balance sheet? And the reason I use those words is because that's often what we think we're promising when we make a new stock advisor pick, whoever's making the pick at stock advisor from whichever team, and we realize there's a motley array of different kinds of comies. But we think most of our stock advisor members like things like solid business, proven management, stalwart balance sheet. What about Etsy? I'm gonna to say no here. I have a lot of questions on the business. As I mentioned before, gross merchandise sales are decreasing. As for the proven management, so we have a new CEO, though she has been with the company for many years and also served as CEO for et's other company, depop, which again is that online marketplace for close es. I am interested to see what direction she takes the company, but it hasn't been very long, so I can't say there's proven leadership here. As for the balance sheet, I mentioned this earlier, 1.5 million in cash and short term investments, but also nearly 3 billion in long term debt. I'd like to see more cash than debt to be able to call a balance sheet stalwarso. We're going with no here. A no is a plus one in our system. So plus one, I realilike plus one is cool in a lot of other contexts. People like plus one, plus one that comfor what we're doing here. Plus one means riskier stock. The higher the risk rating, the higher the risk of the stock. So plus one for the stock advisor way, because Alicia says no on Etsy. Yasser, how about Duolingo? Is this a solid business with proven management and a stalwart balance sheet? It is absolutely a solid business. It has been growing profitably over the past three years. You know it has strong balance sheet, over $1 billion of cash. It is led by what I would consider visionary cofounder. And Louise von, he's been at the company for, as we said, 14 plus years. Strong track record of growth, innovation. And Yeah. So I all in all, the answer is yes, a solid yes for the stock advisor way and and for Duolingo, by the way, this little section, stock advisor way in conscious capitalism, I call go tws because these are kind of go to questions. We're really hitting at the heart of what we're seeing when we look at this company and thinking about the highest ideals of what we want to see, solid business, proven management, stalwart balance sheet. And for me, conscious capitalism counts deeply too. Well, at least 1:20 fifth of the way they're toward estimating risk around any stock. Let's now go to conscious capitalism and Alicia, and let's talk about Etsy. Here's the question, Alicia, is management looking out for the interests of all stakeholders, which would be, for example, customers, of course, employees, shareholders? This is one of those qualitative questions, Alicia. What do you think when it comes here to Etsy? I would give them half credit. I think for the most part, though, they can probably be better. I think that where they're getting dinged here would be the sellers, and it's because that they increased the toll that they take from its sellers. And I'd imagine as a seller, that can be pretty frustrating. So they have transaction fees, payment processing fees, listing fees, other fees and then if you you want advertising their fees for that. But at the same time, it does give sellers that platform to be able to find buyers even if you're just starting out and you're a really small business. I think that's really important. I think in terms of of buyers having the value proposition of being able to find a unique item in the marketplace, I think, is good for shareholders. Buybacks probably make some of these shareholders happy. I've talked about my concerns with it because I think that cash can be used elsewhere. I like it half a point. So we want to be able to say yes every time and not add any risk at all. But I half point here for Etsy ysir. How about Duolingo? In the area of conscious capitalism, I would say yes. So duolingos, that starts with the mission, really. I mean, the mission is to make education here free and accessible for everybody, which does benefit the user. Anybody can download an app, can start learning a new language or a new skill like math or reading or piano, you know, music. So there's a lot that Duolingo offers and a lot that it offers for free. Now, importantly, the CEO has been making it almost his personal cause to continuously offer more value to the user over time without necessarily charging everything up front. The last part is, I don't know if you follow Louis vnon on LinkedIn, but please do yourself a favor and do okay because he's constantly talking about his employees and and the culture at Duolingo and all the ways Duolingo is working to make everybody who's based in their headquarter office in Pittsburgh, by the way, okay? And he talks about the fact that they refuse to move to Silicon Valley, they want to stay where they are, and the fact that they give, for example, their employees full two week break during the holidays. So for Christmas, New Year's, two weeks off, nobody shows up to the office. Everybody has to switch off. Wow, I love that. I love that about him. And it shows a great deal of conscious capitalist. It's an American city that lost its nfl head coach very recently, but has retained the corporate domicile of a major player in the greater city of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. That's that's really cool. I did not know that. Okay. Well, by my tally, as we enter the homstretch here, our final five questions. Right now we have Etsy at ten and Duolingo at five. Let's now move to the final five since this is the Motley Fool. These are my motley fofriends, analysts and advisors, geniuses. The last section is, of course, foolishness, because how could it not be so the last five sections I categorize under sort of a motley category that I like to call foolishness. And there's a trick to a few of these, and I'll just put it out there up front. So questions 21 through 25 are foolishness, and 21 itself and 25 itself are intentionally designed so that you can only answer no. That is, it's going to add to the risk of a company. And why is that? Well, it's because I didn't want to design a system where if you answered yes all the way through, you ended up saying, Oh my gosh, the risk of this company is zero. And that doesn't make any sense to me. Because, of course, just crossing the street in life has some small measure of risk. So I intentionally rigged it. So so the questions 21 and 25, we'll do 21 first are no, I'm not trying to telegraph your answers, Alicia and yaswhere. You can disagree if you want, but let me turn to Alicia. Number 21 is entitled immaculate with a question mark. So it's entitled immaculate. And here's my question. Alicia, is Etsy certain to be fault free and fraud free in all its corporate statements and deeds? Yes or no? I'm going to go with no here, David. And why would you go with no? Well, I mean, it would be lovely if if we could be certain of of these things. But as you said, you know there is always going to be risk in investments. And what I like about this question and your question 25, which I think people will also enjoy, is this really encapsulates the fact that there is always going to be risk. You cannot be so certain that a company will be fault free and fraud free for all time. Not possible. I wish it were. I wish it were. But no, I do it too. And some of my worst stock picks ever were companies that were highly esteemed at the time. I'll give a quick example. Crispy kam donuts. I really like crispy Kreme, and it's a beloved brand in a business that grew up in Winston Salem, North Carolina city I know pretty well. And it was public and very successful for a while until we discovered that there was a little bit of chicanery going on and how they were scoring store openings and the value of franchising. And all of a sudden, I watched my crispy cream stock pick for motley full stock advisor lose more than 90% of its value. A shocker. And when I'm still a little sad about companies kind of come back, management got replaced. But you would have thought, surely, cririspy Kreme, beloved Brandt donuts, clearly this is going to be fraud free. Maybe not even quite fault free, but clearly, and it turns out I was wrong. So thank you for that, Alicia. Let me now turn quickly on this one to Yasser. Yasser is duolingocertain to be fault free and fraud free in all its corporate statements and deeds. No, you can never be searching of any company to be fault free or fraud free. That's always a risk that we're gonna Carry as investors. Thank you. Plus one for each of those. No is the answer to question number 21. Number 22 makes its own separate point. What I like quite a lot, it turns the question back to the questionnaire. It actually asks each of us as we look at the stock. So I'm gonna to ask Alicia her personal feelings here about Etsy. I'm going to ask Yasser his personal feelings about Duolingo. And you, dear listener, whichever stock you're researching, owning, thinking about this is for you. And that's why question number 22. Is entitled you. Here's the question. Do I want to know more about this company? Am I willing to dig deeper, learn more and ask questions on the discussion boards to actively try to understand this company? So it's a personal reflection. And of course, my point here, and I'm quite serious about it is if you say yes, then that's not as risky a stock for you because you are interested in it. You probably already know quite a bit and you want to know more, you are literally lowering the risk of that investment for yourself. And if you say no because it's your buddies pick or somebody in your investment club said this is a good company, but you're not actually gonna na study it more, that's a riskier investment for you. So you is number 22. Alicia, what is your answer in regards to Etsy? My answer is yes, although perhaps not for the normal reasons. I find businesses in general interesting and exciting, Etsy in particular. I think what's been fascinating is the fact that they were a pandemic darling and how much they've fallen since then. Sometimes we can find interesting opportunities in companies that were former pandemic darlings, sometimes not. Sometimes where they are is completely earned. I also like to study them so I can understand patterns for the future, so that I can see things when I look at the next company and say, okay, I've seen this before. And then what does that mean? Very well expressed pattern recognition. Such a rule breakery thing. Well said, Alicia. Thank you, Yasser. Based on the interest, I might even say passion. And we can count the days, if you like, 13 hundred 99, I'm guessing. I think I know the answer to this question, but I'll still ask you, ysual Shimi, do you want to know more about Duolingo? Are you willing to dig deeper, learn more and ask questions on our discussion boards? If you like to actively try to understand this company, I do on I am. I was a Duolingo user before I became an investor, and that obviously speaks to like the interest I had in the company and the fact that I was satisfied as a user to the point where I came to view the company favorably and therefore consider investing in it. So we always look forward to learning more about companies which intrigue us, which interest us and do olangis that kind of company for me. And I'm glad to hear that. And I personally am not really surprised that you both said yes to this, because when I asked you what company youlike to bring to our risk rating discussion this week, you brought one of your own choice. So I think that's a great check in the question number 22 you question. But as we now move on to numbers 23 and 24, which have their own mini game going on, I do just want to underline one more time, dear listener, felfools everywhere, you're going to have less risk in your portfolio if you populate it with stocks that interest you, companies that you know or even if you don't know that much because my gosh, technology, everything's changing. New stuffs coming up if you're interested interested to learn more. You really are lowering the risk of any investment you're making. And if you don't feel that way, it doesn't mean never buy a flyer stock or something crazy. Maybe it's fun, but it's definitely riskier for you, isn't it, if you don't really know much and aren't willing to learn more. All triple underlining number 22 here as we move on to the pair, numbers 23 and 24. So I'm just gonna to read out the question that I have sent to both Alicia and Yasser. Question numbers 23 and 24 sound very similar. Let me just go ahead and read 23 right now. Here it is. Write or we might say ask the single best, most beautiful and illuminating question you can about this company and answer it. Yep, that's number 23. We're inviting you, the listener, you, the stock researcher, to add your own question into our framework. And this is an opportunity for you to think outside of the normal bounds of the financials, the people and other sections here and just thinking, what is the most creative and important and maybe fresh question that you could ask about this company? And question number 24, by the way, is what is the second best, most beautiful and illuminating question you can ask about this company and answer it? And we're just going to do that and then I'm gonna to make a quick point about why we do that after we do it. So let's go to custom question number one, number 23, Alicia, what is the single best, most beautiful and illuminating question you can ask about Etsy? And please answer it. Well, I have stolen this question from you. So this is actually from our penalty box question questionnaire. If youlike, which goes through and tries to determine, Hey, how is this company doing? Should we box it? So this question is purpose. Can you reaffirm the importance and value of this company, what it provides to today's real world? Yes, I can. So it's important because it allows artisans a place to sell their items and reach a huge audience of buyers for buyers and allows them to find unique, vintage, handmade and customizable products. I think that is a great question to ask about this company. It's purpose here, of course, I think purpose matters a lot for every company, but some of them matter more to the company than others, especially smaller companies. If they have bigger purpose, that that's a really good sign. Some really big companies don't seem particularly purpose driven to me. Not so good a sign in my opinion. Thank you for that. And the way that you answered it was a yes. So not a plus one, a yes, keeping it at zero. Let's go now. Number 23, Yoser asking his best, most beautiful and illuminating question about Duolingo. So my question is going to be hopefully illuminating. I don't know about beautiful that niv two too too much to expect here. But my question is, is Duolingo's moat defensible against free AI powered language tutors? And my answer is yes. I would say investors have a right to worry about this. And we can definitely see that reflected on the price chart. However, I do think that people use duolango not simply for language instruction, and I think that's probably the part that the market is missing. And where the disconnect is, the market thinks that if an AI model comes up with a program or a model that helps you learn a language perhaps more efficiently, then you know you're going to go with that as opposed to do a lingo completely ignoring the network effects, the benefits of scale as well as the gamified experience and the social network like experience that users have. So my answer would be yes. I think that is a beautiful question. I know you said it may not be beautiful, but at least in Warren Berger's words, author, former guest on this show, his wonderful book, a more beautiful question. That is a beautiful question. And it is obviously at the heart of the investment scenario right now. A stock that we find less than half where it was a year ago. And yet the company seems, by most measures, to be doing quite well. Thank you very much. And so really, that does hit right at the heart of the investment scenario. And I agree with you. I'm a bull. I'm a shareholder as well. And so I appreciate you thinking the social network, like people send stuff to each other, little gifts and encouragements and that kind of social capital which exists in the app, I'm not sure I see an AI possibly sterile AI experience coming along and really heavily disrupting that and for the market to be repricing the stock in such a way that that seems very fearfully evident or possible. I disagree with that a little bit. So what we'll see though. Great question. So that was both Alicia's and yas best questions about their companies. And if I heard it right, that was a yes to both. So no plus one's there. Let's go now to question number 24. Then I'm going to want to make a short point about why we do 23 and 24. But back to you, Alicia. What's your second best, most beautiful, illuminating question about Etsy? It's again from the penalty box questionnaire, which I feel like perhaps one day will have its own show, its own episode. Thank you. Let me jump in quickly, Alicia, because not everybody understands what you're saying, and I want na make sure everybody does. So we have services of the molifull. We hope you love them. We hope you're sign up for them. Dear listener, you can start with molifull stock advisor. That's our cheapest, broadest service. A lot of people get started there. We have many different types of services. The ones that I historically worked on, we created something called the penalty box where we would take a stock and we would say to members, we don't like it right now. That doesn't mean sell it. Just like in nhl hockey or hockey at any level, we're sending it over to the penalty box. We're taking it off the ice. We don't think it's good for new money now, but we're not selling it. And I tried to design a tool in a questionnaire that would help us internally decide when should we penalty boxes stock and when should we not. And so Alicia, you're you are alluding to what we use internally, which I've have sometimes just called the boxometer and some of the questions that we like to ask there, or the boxmatic tic. I think I've also heard it called that, Oh my gosh, you're right. I'm rebranding my own creation. No, it is the boxomatic. Okay, Alicia, what's question number 24 here for Etsy? Can I just tell you, I think both words work. So the next question and for the penalty box questions, I think that they're really helpful in analyzing a company, asking the questions to help you understand where the company is at now, which is especially helpful for these former pandemic darlings. So the question that I have stolen from you again is does this company have any identifiable positive near term catalyst? My answer here is, I'm not sure half a point. Certainly, economic uncertainty, tariff headwinds can be a catalyst in the wrong way. The company is also making investments in AI, using AI to improve things like estimated delivery dates and making seller items discoverable through ChatGPT. It's also creating tools for sellers like listing title suggestions, writing assistance to help with communications with buyers. That's all interesting, but is it a catalyst? I'm just not sure. I like the question a lot. And I think a half point answer, which has become a theme of this particular episode of calculating this foosely. I like what it is. I think you've innovated here. Alicia four, I'm sorry. Let's give it at point five. So adding a half point, I believe that brings us to Etsy is now at eleven and a half. We're not quite done. Let's though turn first to Yser for his second best question. Here about Duolingo. So my second question for Duolingo is can Duolingo successfully expand into other verticals beyond language instruction and can they be profitable and successful? Great question. So like Alicia, I gonna to give a half a point here. I would say Duolingo has already launched new verticals, including in mathematics and music, introducing a standardized English exam, for example. However, it's still early days. There's not enough evidence to suggest that these verticals have necessarily you know lit the world on fire or been wildly successful or that are adding meaningfully to the company's bottom line. So this is a case of weancy. And you know I did Revage it briefly earlier because I've definitely heard about it multiple times. Now I haven't used it because I'm not a big chess player myself. I like a lot of other games ysir, but I would say there does seem to be some buzz around Duolingo chess, at least in the circles in which I move. Do you feel the same way or not? My eight year old just started learning chess on Duolingo, so I'll keep you posted. It's interesting. And again, I really like the question that you're asking. While we can't with certainty answer yes or no to that one, the important thing is we're asking questions that matter. That's why we're saying, what is the best question you can? What's the second best question you can ask? So and if I may add here, David, like one of the questions that I always ask myself, and this is the case because I almost always veer towards growth companies and growth stocks, and that question is, what is the next s curve of growth going to come from? Right? So we know that they are doing this thing, whatever they are doing very well, but where is the next curve of growth going to come from? And I love companies that are able to introduce new verticals and then grow on those verticals, go with the companies that can open up more and more options for themselves. I really appreciate that as well. Well, let me mention a little bit briefly about questions 23 and 24 and why we craft them this way. First of all, I think every company, every stock is unique. And so I don't think a single set of questions that unyieldingly repeats itself in every context is as valuable as a framework that has a little bit more flexibility, that opens up possibilities. And you could ask special questions in special situations so that that's the purpose of numbers 23 and number 24. But it also having fun with this. It also lets you cheat. And here's what I mean by inviting Alicia and Yasser and you, dear listener, to craft a question of your own and then answer it, you may have noticed you can actually phrase the question in whatever way you want to obtain the yes or no that you may desire. And the reason I designed it that way is because sometimes my professional analysts at the fool get to this point and they're like, wow, it's I'm just making this up. It's a twelve. I actually think that's riskier than it really is. In that case, that person should, with the two questions, intentionally phrase them so they're answered yes. That way the risk rating doesn't increase further. The opposite is also sometimes the case. You're like, wow, we're at a certain number six. I don't I think the stocks riskier than that, though. So in that case, the researcher would want to ask the questions in such a way that you answer no and plus it up from six to eight. So very intentionally, it's allowing in part the questioner to guide the number a little higher or lower based on the nuance and context that they themselves have or bring. And I realize not everybody even feels that confident or knowledgeable to know where they think the number should be. But as Alicia said earlier, we're learning pattern recognition with a framework like this. The more you use something like this, the more you can see the patterns that will help you recognize better where risk is and sometimes where risk isn't. So that is the intention of custom. Questions number 12, which brings us now to the final question and spoiler alert. We already know this one, but I'm gonna to turn to you first because you already know what the answer is. And so to our listeners, if they're listening, question number 25, but it is kind of fun. So here it is. I'm gonna to ask it anyway, Alicia, this one's entitled bulletproof. It is the final question we ask in our 25 point risk rating system. Alicia, can you be certain in this case that Etsy is invulnerable to external world or macroeconomic events such that you're sure you can get all your capital back, yes or no? Absolutely not. Nothing is invulnerable, not even Superman. And it does seem as if with technology speeding up, which I think is a fair generalization to make about this era, about our lives and probably the world going forward, there are macroeconomic events, there are black swan moments. There are things that will happen globally and also just individually to companies or industries that we just couldn't have known and you can't be sure you're gonna to get all your capital back. And yes, as you already know, lia, I didn't wanna design a system where people would say risk rating was zero for that one. So this ensures 21 and 25 that the minimum risk rating will always be two. And I like that most risk ratings are higher than two. To have said yes to the other 23 questions is quite a remarkable situation, and yet worth keeping an eye out for. Yster, let me ask you about Duolingo. I know you're a bull. I know you're a share owner. I think you're smart. I hope you're right. The suckers bounce him back, but we'll see. Ysir, can you be certain that Duolingo's invulnerable to external world or macroeconomic events such that you're sure you can get all your capital back? Absolutely not. I mean, investing always carries risk with it. And I would not describe any company with the adjective bulletproof. You know, things happen. And in this case, they could be disrupted by AI. There could be key inside der risk. If for any reason the CEO steps down or leaves the company, you know, there just could be any number of scenarios according to which Duolingo may not do well in the future. Very of Duolingo, of Etsy, of Netta platforms, of Netflix, of ibm, of whatever your favorite microrcap crypto play is, debt. Well, again, I wanna thank Alicia Alfieri and yasor el Shimi. This this will be one of our longer podcasts of the year. And it should be. We do this once every two years. We take you, dear Liener, through two companies, through 25 important questions in order to get to a better place than Yeah, it's a medium risk stock. I hope again, with the help of our friends, your understanding of Etsy ticker symble Etsy and of Duolingo ticker symbol dui. Hope we've contributed to your overall understanding of these companies. But more broadly, to think about risk as an investor in any company you're researching, you know what we're really doing with this system is I think this was pointed out after our very first episode on risk ratings done in 2016. On this podcast, one of our listeners said, you know actually I've been charting your risk ratings, and I think it's actually just scoring the quality of companies. And he said, based on my early studies, a listener named Tom said to me, I actually think the lower rating companies generally do better as stocks. This is a little reward for those wholistened all the way through this podcast to us because I started off by saying we're just looking at risk here. We're not saying that this or that number or stock is better than another. But I would also say part of my own learning has been that what looks like lower risk companies and people say low risk, low return, high risk, high return as a rule breaker. I disagree. Part of my learning is that you can find lower risk companies with some of the highest returns available on the market. So that is my rule. Breakery point at the end. All right. Well, thanks again, Alicia. And how about a final thought on Etsy? Yeah, I would say Etsy, former pandemic darling. Still a lot of questions around it. Really. Well said. We asked at least 25 of them. It's weayasster. How about a final thought from you on Duolingo? Sure. With almost 14 hundred days triak of Italian, I'm getting pretty tired of it, honestly. So I want to start a poll. Maybe our listeners can send me nominations of which language I should learn next. Excellent. Are you tmf proof on Twitter? Yes, I am excellent at team M F Prof. I hope you get some suggestions as to which you should pursue next. My understanding ysir, were you studying all this before a trip to Italy? No, actually I wasn't. It was completely because I loved the language. I watitalian movies. I watched Italian soccer, obviously loved the food. So just to be able to interpret a good spaghetti western, you just want exactly. All right, good. Well, beyou again, Julia and Yasser, and to you, dear listener, fuon, as always, people on this program may have interest in the stocks they talk about, and the Molly fool may have formal recommendations for or against. So don't buy or sell stocks based solely on what you hear. Learn more about robreaker investing at rbi dot fool dot com.
