---
ticker: ASAN
type: youtube
title: "Asana Stock Analysis: The Truth Behind the Numbers"
channel: "AntFin"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDDfRkPd6FI
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 11673
---

# Asana Stock Analysis: The Truth Behind the Numbers

## 视频信息
- **频道**: AntFin
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDDfRkPd6FI

## 转录全文

The tech company that we're going to go over today is of course Asana. And so software drives today's economy. And since all these companies require fewer assets to generate larger income streams, physical assets have become highly relevant. So a lot of our valuation methods especially for the value investors or if you go back and you take some of the concepts that Benjamin Graham, David dod has taught us, it's kind of hard to apply that style of thinking in today's economy, especially for tech stocks. And so if you want to learn about how we could put an approximate value on a technology company and how to kind of value a tech company, keep watching this video. And also, if you're new to the channel guys, don't forget to click that like and subscribe button real quick. But let's go ahead and get started. Today, of course, we're going to take a look at ASA again. So on the surface, it looks like ASA is just a $3 billion work management platform. And from 2022, the stock has pretty much done nothing. But under the hood, Asana is sitting on something much bigger. One of the biggest competitive advantages that Asana has is their proprietary data and that is going to come from Asana's work graph. So think of this as ASA's moat that could turn Asana into this giant AI orchestration layer for knowledge work. Unlike the generic chat bots that hallucinate, Asana's agents are going to run on rails all coming from the organization and it's all going to create some context. The work graph is data that they're going to be able to capture from all these different companies. It'll be able to orchestrate goals and create AI teammates. across the workflows that drive the enterprise forward. This is their strategic advantage. It doesn't just capture tasks or projects, but also the relationship between those task and projects. But enough about the intro. Let's talk about why the stock hasn't been performing well at all. And the main reason, of course, is because they are producing negative net income. So, real quick, if you go to the financials income statement, they're not making any money. negative -28 million in net income. And what's the main reason why they're producing negative net income? Well, because if you go up to the operating expenses, total operating costs are crazy high. And most of that is going to come from research and development in sales and marketing. So, this is from the latest 10K. This goes up to 2025. As you can see right here, sales and marketing. In 2025, they spent 419 million in sales and marketing and 341 million in research and development. while the rest goes to SGNA. So total operating expenses 913 million in operating expenses. What's the problem with that? Well, it's because most tech companies are deploying billions of dollars into sales and marketing and also research and development to grow their future earnings. All this spending that Asan is doing is anchored in sound business logic, but it has the effect of depressing current reported earnings. So, in this digital age that we're all living in, um it is increasingly obvious that tech company's current income statement is an unreliable measure of its long-term ability to generate cash flow. And investors can't really see the true earnings of a tech company because today's outdated accounting principles doesn't allow that. So, if you take a look at this, let's just just take a look at this area right here. So under GAP accounting they require nearly 100% of research and development and sales and marketing to be immediately expensed. So if you take a look at this so from gross profit you have to immediately expense research and development and sales and marketing. And with a sauna funneling so much money sales and marketing and also research and development it will cause them to show of course negative operating income. But for other companies the ones with hard assets like property plant and equipment they're able to depreciate those over many years. So when a company is able to depreciate an asset, it recognizes the expense only gradually. So it's kind of unfair for tech companies versus old economy assets. The biggest investments for a tech company is developing and marketing their products. But according to GAP principles, most of these expenses must be recognized immediately. So we're going to create a little bit of a hypothetical scenario. We're going to try to advertise the sales and marketing and research and development for Sana and see if they're actually already profitable. So, I've gone ahead and created this little sheet right here. It's basically just an income statement. Um, but we're going to rearrange the numbers a little bit. Okay. So, pretty much all I'm doing is taking the numbers from Asanis 10K and inputting them onto this sheet. But when we get to this gray area down here, this will be the hypothetical scenario. Okay. So, I'm just going to go ahead and input all the numbers real quick and then we'll skip forward to that part of the video. All right. Here we go. So, I took the past three years, 2023, 2024, and 2025. Um, I'll just show you guys. I have gross profits at 490, 587, 646. If you take a look at gross profit on this line right here, 490, 587, and 646. Once again, I just took this all from Asana's 10K. Same thing they're doing here. They have their total operating expenses, and then they just pretty much split them up into the different types of operating expenses. So, so R&amp;D, sales and marketing, SGNA. Again, I just took these numbers and I went ahead and just inputed them here. So, now let's go ahead and paint ourselves a hypothetical scenario. So, remember guys, under GAP accounting, they require 100% of sales and marketing and research development to be immediately expense in that year. So, this is what's causing ASA to be posting negative numbers. So if I take gross profit subtract our total operating expenses, it will give us our operating income. And as you can see, ASA is producing negative operating income. What if we could amortize the sales and marketing in research development? Because if you think about it, if if you could spend marketing dollars today to add profitable customers for years, then it doesn't matter if that depresses your current earnings. Remember, tech companies have little need for factories, hard assets like property, plant and equipment, but they need to be investing more in sales and marketing and research and development. Their biggest expenses are in developing and marketing their products. So, think of sales and marketing and research and development as an investment for SA. And let's just try and advertise it real quick. We're going to go ahead and do a straight line depreciation. Okay, so I'm going to write out a function right here. So you have to type in the cost, the salvage, and the lifetime value of whatever it is you're trying to depreciate over the amount of years. So the cost that we're going to put in is sales and marketing and also research and development because we are going to hypothetically depreciate that. So I'm going to go ahead and add sales and marketing and also research and development. What is the salvage life? Well, the salvage life is the value of the asset at the end of its depreciation. We're just going to go ahead and put zero for that. And then also, as you can see right here, it's going to say life. This is the number of periods, usually years, over which the asset is to be depreciated. So, how long are we going to go ahead and depreciate sales and marketing and research and development for this video's purposes? Let's just say 5 years. So, we're going to go and put five. Close the formula. Enter. This is supposed to be in general. We're going to drag it out. All right. And then for And then if you go down to SGNA, we're going to go ahead and keep the same SGNA as the normal SGNA because we aren't going to amortize that. We're only going to advertise research and development and sales and marketing. So, we're going to go ahead and just make this equal to the same as up there. So, you could see the difference already in total operating expenses. If we're allowed to amortize sales and marketing and research development, just look at the difference for 2025 under GAP accounting. Their total operating expenses are 913 million. when we take our hypothetical scenario and split it up into five years and depreciate it, the total operating expenses drops down to 305 million. And so let's go ahead and solve for operating income. Um operating income will be gross profits minus total operating expenses. Right? So we're going to take our gross profit up here and we're going to subtract the amortized total operating expenses which is going to be down here. And let's just stretch it out. Boom. Operating income is positive. So a little review, operating income under GAP accounting is showing negative because we have to take out total operating expenses which counts sales and marketing and research and development as costs for that same year with our hypothetical scenario. Our operating income is actually positive if we were able to advertise sales and marketing and research development. And let's just go further down the line. So, if we go back to the income statement real quick, earnings from continuing operations. I skipped that part on our little formula sheet because we're not going to go into the specifics of the per numbers. We just have we just want a general idea of what things are looking like. But basically, from operating income, you just have to subtract interest expenses, your taxes, um currency exchange rates. So, we're just going to skip all those costs for our video purposes. When you get down to net income, if we went ahead and advertised sales and marketing and research development, net income for ASA would also be positive already. And so, as you could see from our work right here, Sauna would actually be posting positive net income, positive earnings per share, and operating income already if our accounting rules just shifted. I mean, this is a great company. It's just not showing on the numbers. Remember, if you could spend marketing dollars today to add profitable customers for years later on, then it doesn't matter if you're spending all this money right here, and it will depress your current earnings. But in the long run, this is all sound business logic. And so, again, remember, in the digital age, it's increasingly obvious that tech company's current income statement is an unreliable measure of its long-term ability to generate cash flow. And so just by looking at some of this data, investors can't see these returns because of today's outdated accounting conventions. And so this is why I am so bullish on this stock. I feel like people are just not looking at this correctly. But in my opinion, ASA is coming to an inflection point. I feel like 2026 into 2027, they're going to start to exponentially grow. Again, this is not financial advice. This is a pure speculative play, but definitely put this on your watch list, guys. I feel like this company is going to disrupt a lot of things. The stock is only sitting at $12 at a $2.8 billion valuation. It hasn't done anything. It's been consolidating. If you haven't seen my other ASA videos, definitely check those out. I have a bunch of different ones. I go through a fundamental analysis. I talk about insider buying. But definitely check those out on my channel. But as of right now, if you like the video, please give me a thumbs up, subscribe. But other than that, thanks for watching this video, guys, and we will see you on the next
