---
ticker: ASAN
type: youtube
title: "Trading Options as a Business | The Options Trench"
channel: "Outlier Trading"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=De26JTmLyjU
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 62287
---

# Trading Options as a Business | The Options Trench

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Outlier Trading
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=De26JTmLyjU

## 转录全文

What's up everyone? Welcome back to the options trench. Right before we press record, Chris and I were kind of talking about the dichotomy of how trading is the kind of space where there are literal geniuses and then you kind of have a group of window lickers like myself and yet both of those groups of people can kind of like find their place to to operate. and you were literally just telling me a story about your time on the floor and why it doesn't surprise you as much. And I would love for you to like share that with people because I think if you go to X or if you go to Reddit or you go to like these other communal spaces, a lot of especially retail traders, they would look at it and say like, well, unless you're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] genius, th this probably isn't going to be possible for you. And I understand that perspective, but it's a bit more nuanced. So tell me about what you experienced on the floor. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I mean on the floor it would what I was saying is like I'm not surprised that uh you were you were you you're kind of fascinated by trading and that it's this domain where you can uh there's there can be like like you said like geniuses that are in here and then there are people that uh are like way less educated maybe not especially educated at all that uh can also thrive in it. And I said, I'm not really surprised because it's it's that's the way it was on the floor. The floor was really kind of took all kinds. You you you know, on your left, you could be standing next to somebody who is in like the top three smartest people you've ever met. I mean, actually, it's funny. I was talking to another friend uh uh a week ago and we were reminiscing. Well, he he he worked with this guy that I also worked with. I actually answered to who uh may be the smartest person that I have ever met and uh he got a P he got his PhD he solved some like crazy math problem in topology he got his PhD at like age 19 or 20 and he worked at SIG people already people know who I'm talking about probably from that um and you know he could he's a guy that could you know you could give him like a five-digit number and he could just square it and in his head right there on the spot in like one second, right? Like like like he's an alien. Okay. And then uh and and it wasn't just like these party tricks like his understanding like he he like formed the people's he changed how people thought about things like skew and correlation like in in in option pricing. I mean he he he wasn't just like this party trick. he was a genius and a genius trader. Uh at the same time, you know, the person to your right might be, you know, they're a gun runner. I mean it's like you you you you had like it doesn't mean now obviously uh you know this person probably had a you know pretty small vocabulary not not the quickest but uh clearly you have to be smart in very special ways to uh you know live a life of danger in the way that these kind of people were and there were people uh just all over the map as far as what their backgrounds were. I mean, I went to the Nimmex and it's like everybody looks the same and that you can't tell anybody is uh you can't tell from looking at somebody if they're smart or not. So, like, oh, there's that crew over there. There's like this Harvard crew and they were super they were like very much more heady in the way they did things. And then there was sort of like these old floor guys. And the and the thing about that held everybody together, I think, or what was common with everybody is that everybody was hyper competitive. Like that was the only thing that I could tell that was a common thread between everybody is that they were uh that they were all hyper competitive. And uh and I think that what hyperco competitiveness does if you think about it even like in your regular life like you know that the the kid who might not be like the greatest athlete or the kid who's you know you're playing games with it's like that person is absolutely determined to win even though they just don't have necessarily the best natural abilities right and the only thing holding everybody together that gets to success is the fact that they're super competitive and they're just willing to they just won't take no losing for for an answer, right? So, uh I think that you can have talent that would possibly make up for some of your for a lack of competition in a in a way. Like I think you still everybody has to be competitive, but like on the spectrum of competitiveness, you can have things that kind of offset a little bit. It's like, you know, if you're just a genius, you can probably get away without um uh without being the most competitive person in the room. Um at the same time, by the way, like the genius thing is weird because like there's a lot of geniuses that don't pan out at all, right? Because there is at the end of the day um you know I've kind of observed this in in training people teaching people like in mock trading some people can't really pull a trigger because they they they want to know what's this exactly worth. I need to solve this. I think like they act they think it can be solved and that there's an answer and there's a single answer and that they're like well I need a little bit more information so I can know the answer. It's like by the time you got the information that you needed to pull the trigger, somebody else would have pulled the trigger a little bit before that because they didn't need as much information as you did and was willing to take the bet when they when they thought that there was enough of an edge for them. So a lot of times people accounting or like very um sort of like rig very very rigorous sort of mindset sometimes they can get lost in the what's this thing actually worth and you need the ability to just say no I'm going to sorry [clears throat] I'm choking here you need the ability to like be able to buy or sell without knowing everything. So I I don't know competitiveness though is the number one thing. Andrew and I I just recorded a podcast with Andrew and I yesterday and we were funny enough talking about a similar topic and it's actually hilarious because as folks listen to that podcast you're going to find some distinct similarities with what you just shared specifically um in terms of like working with imperfect information and really that that's the the topic for today right what we want to talk about is this idea of like creating is a business and I think a big part of that is actually getting comfortable working with imperfect information. I think that's one of the things that military people actually have a really really strong advantage in to be honest is it's a world of perpetual like taking calculated risk based on unknowns. you have some information, but then you have a lot of stuff that you have absolutely no clue of, but you'll figure it out when you get there. You kind of get used to operating in that space. So, to start us off here and thinking about this idea of like trading as a business, how do you think about getting more comfortable with working with imperfect information, especially in a field that is as complex as financials? Yeah, probably just getting getting used to the idea of noise. I think it's probably the most important aspect of it. It's so, you know, I I I went to SIG and you know, the thing everyone at this point knows that like SIG is really big on poker. I think probably the best thing you get out of poker is realizing that um even if you have a good hand, uh a good hand might only still win, say say like you're you have the best of it and you still only win 55% of the time. Well, you're still losing almost half the time. And getting used to the fact that you've made a good decision and the outcome wasn't a good outcome is uh well that's absolutely fundamental to trading. You have to you have to understand that and the reps in doing that and nobody you know everybody's had a everybody has some bad beat poker story that nobody else in the room wants to listen to. But that that that's basically uh those bad beats. That's the thing that teaches you that, you know, you can uh you can have all the edge in the world and sometimes it doesn't work out. And so what you have to do is say, I'm going to uh I have to keep making the best decisions that I can and I have to divorce myself from the outcomes, which is a lot of cliche stuff. And I but I I I'll say this. My favorite version of this actually was um I really like Moneyball. Not you know I think in in hindsight people are kind of like oh sometimes that that book seems like it gets some shade now in hindsight. But I think the great thing about Moneyball was the thing about Billy Bean not watching the games because Billy Bean's attitude was uh I've done everything I can do. the chips are just going to fall where they may. And he was very divorced from those from the outcomes because he understood that there was nothing the outcomes themselves were not going to necessarily it like one outcome or two outcomes is not going to give you any information that's going to change what you're doing. So why become invested in that? &gt;&gt; And that to me was the best lesson in all of Moneyball. I I felt and I I'll be like I kind of felt that way myself as far as uh I was not uh I wouldn't get too caught up and I wouldn't get very excited about trading about like winning and I didn't get that um sad about losing because I really did sort of see it in this sim similar terms and I'm human so there was limits to all this but like the the uh I did think that a lot of the training uh of trying to divorce yourself from the outcomes. Um, you know, in so far as like what you can't learn from. You have to care about out outcomes if you can learn from them. But it a lot of times it's just like, hey, I made a, you know, I was 55% to win and I lost. I learned nothing from that. So, I think that uh probably is the most important thing for in trading is to is to recognize that um have a good sense of proportion for your win and loss. um what's a normal amount of winning a normal amount of lo of losing and then you have to basically be comfortable with the noise. I also this is why I think trading is like a horrible career for a lot of people. I mean, for a lot of people, you really probably should go get a job where you go in, you do your work, and you see the the fruits of your labor. You see the thing that you want being built, and um there's a consistency to it, and you know, it's possible that three months go by and you can see progress. And trading, sometimes three months goes by and you went negative. So, it feels like you're not moving forward. Um, so not everybody I don't think everybody's suited for that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's a lot that I want to double click into here because I I really agree and it's something that I spent a lot of time trying to get people to think more about, which is like the the process over outcome. And there's a normal reaction to that that I fully appreciate that I think is really difficult for people to navigate through which is if we have a bad outcome and let's say it's you know a sample size of one it might be easy to say sample size of one bad outcome whatever you know this is all just part of the the broad thing. What do you think about when that bad outcome, sample size one, starts to turn into kind of like a bad path and then you're the trader that's now starting to say like, "Fuck, did I overlook something? Did the regime change? Does this thing not work anymore for some reason?" How do you think about navigating that? &gt;&gt; I I would break that into two um like two frameworks. One is if my strategy were systematic, and to be clear, I was not never systematic trader, but if my strategy were systematic, I would think that that was born out of doing a b um a bunch of testing and having some sense of what is uh what is a bad run that is like sort of like an abasian sense like out of bounds like this doesn't make any sense um or you know that that should never happen or that kind of thing. Um, so I think you can use statistics to guide you. The same way a poker player I think if you're playing, you know, people playing four tables of poker online, it's like they have some idea of what the mean and standard deviation and what would be a completely, you know, out of bounds um run at the tables because their sample sizes are kind of large. But uh if you are discretionary, which I was, um I think I I I'll think it's a problem that beevils you for as long as you're ever going to trade because I would say pretty much every time I would get into a really bad run for a while. Um I would be like, geez, is this all figured out? Is this solved? You know, I always used to I used to make like, you know, gallows humor jokes about like when is Google gonna decide it's ever worth their time just to be like, I'm just going to solve markets and then we're going to go over there and we're just literally going to solve options trading or whatever. I don't realistically I don't think that that's possible. But I I used to have a thought like that that was uh and I would say a lot of discretionary traders kind of felt it wasn't a feeling that only I had. I shared that feeling. There were definitely other traders that were always kind of like, man, we're we're always one year away from being a realtor. You know, it's like, is the thing that you're doing going to uh um become solved or is it all going to get priced in? And I think that uh uh you know the the remedy by the way is like it's usually was like going back to basics as far as like trying to simplify things, trade smaller um and be really super disciplined about you know if I'm buy you know mo most of my trading was relative value. So if you know if I'm buying something that I'm not getting sucked into like timing like oh this is this is I'm drawing a line in the sand. This is far too cheap. I'm gonna buy it. It's like, "No, I'm buying this because this other thing is bid at this other price. So, um, so long as I can sell the other thing at that price, I'm willing to buy this thing here and I like that spread and I'll do that." And so, you just go back to basics and then, you know, that sort of process of getting to a bad run, go back to basics, build up again. Um, always ended up like it ended up working. One [clears throat] day, maybe it would just stop, right? But I I don't know how it's this probably one of the hardest things a trader has to deal with. Maybe nobody tells people that, but it's probably one of the hardest things is like, "Hey, I don't know how how to tell you. You're having a really really bad run. You can't seem to get it back on track." And nobody there's there's nobody there to pat you on the back and be like, "It's okay. Whatever you were doing before still works." There's nobody that can do that. &gt;&gt; You mentioned something earlier that is actually what I lean on primarily. And I've been kind of like really thankful because in my undergrad and grad, I spent a lot of time in stats and it always fascinated me as a way to like perceive the world. And you already hit on some of like the main tools that I think are available. But I want to double click into a couple of them because for people listening, that's like super normal. It's super normal to have something that you've done research on. It looks good. It tests well. it's robust and like everything about it generally looks okay and then when the first time you put it on you lose, right? Like the market has a sense of humor and it's going to get its laughs. But [snorts] some tools that you can use to like pragmatically help with that. One of my favorites is literally just plotting, you know, population and sample level data. So you can have the population statistics, overview statistics for your trading strategy. So, average win, median win, counts, expected return, all those kind of stats, distribution, blah blah blah blah blah. But then I also like some descriptive stats that you kind of have to take them in the context of what they are. But there's things like, you know, how many times do you win on average in a row and what's the standard deviation around that? How many times do you lose on average in a row when you do? What's the max draw down over those durations? And blah blah blah blah blah. The the main point is it's like getting some kind of context around what's happening. At least for me, typically is how I determine like did something change that I didn't account for in the strategy. This is under the context that we've accurately matched regimes. Those kind of things are lined up as they should be. And then you look at your sample level, you know, cumulative P&amp;L plot. And another thing that I like to do on those is literally plot moving averages. I I feel like a lot of times people forget that like those kind of things can go on a lot of stuff. It's not just a chart, but you can literally plot like two different term moving averages on your P&amp;L and then you can see like is the short-term P&amp;L dropping too sharply compared to some sort of longerterm P&amp;L, you know, five trades, 10 trades, however frequent your strategy is. You kind of have to make it make sense. But those help a lot, at least for me as well, because for example, if I know that I'm in a regime for a strategy that's kind of like mixed, a great example of that right now is actually zero DTE. You have to be really selective with zero DTE right now. Um, from like a short ball side, I should say, more specifically. And if I look at the population level data, I know the thing works and I know the way that I run it works. It's clear as day. It's crystal. I've done it for years. But I can go through periods where it will start to perform not as well as I think it should compared to historical performance. And then you hit another really important point that I want to reemphasize, which is the idea of sizing down because it's specifically in those windows where I might say to myself, I'm not positive if this is something changing or not. It could just be bad path. It's still within those bounds of my descriptive stats that I have, but I'm not sure. So, to protect myself, I'm just going to size this thing down and observe for a little bit. And then that, at least for me, are like some of the specific tools that I like to use. I don't know if you have anything that you want to add on to that, but hopefully there's something useful in there. Yeah, I so I'll one I'll just kind of echo one thing you said there because I I there the only time I was ever sort of um involved meaning that I I sat very close to um a colleague that was running a systematic strategy that was you could probably just broadly put it under um uh a trend sort of like a trend CTA kind of thing. And uh one of the things that I I just thought it was kind of neat because I the way I thought about trendor CTA was as a uh oh what is the at at its very core what is the equation if there was an equation that like described what this is the edge and it was effectively oh so you basically you try to get onto a trend when something starts going and you place a stop-loss and effectively what you're trying to what you're really doing is you're you're you're creating uh you're tra you're creating a call option like payoff, right? And that's effectively what's happening. &gt;&gt; And so the way I actually looked at it and said, "Oh, it looks to me like the game here is that uh I'm getting paid uh I'm I'm playing a game where I lose 60% of the time. So my batting average is 40%. But when I win, my like my slugging ratio is I get paid somewhere between 2 and 3:1. So I was like I'm basically uh being overpaid given my uh uh relative to uh my hit rate and that is the entire source of the edge. And the thing that's useful about that is if you could just distill what this thing is to its absolute essence is now you have some KPAs to follow. KPIs KPIs to follow. So you could say KPAs are my initial KPIs. So uh the uh you say well how many trades that I'm taking. What's my hit rate? And then when I'm winning I I always know how much I'm losing when I'm losing because there's a stop. You know it's like 1 N or whatever your stop is, right? But like when I win, how much am I winning when I win? And then what is my hit rate? And then if I track those numbers separately because you don't want to look at your P&amp;L in mass. You want to look at you want to decompose it and say is it am I just not getting paid as much as normal when the trends start to develop. Meaning is the trend starting to develop and then is the is it chopping around and you know kind of tapping me out. Um is that what's happening or are not enough trends actually developing? too many false starts. And so if you were to like track those over time, it's almost you can think of them as like uh wa watching vital signs. You're watching the vital signs of the strategy. You know, it's not enough to be like, is the patient dead or alive or is the patient alive? It's, you know, how's their heart rate? You know, how how's their respiratory rate? It's like how's the hit rate? How's the payoff rate? So if so I think like anything that you're doing if you can try to figure out how to go from the the the high level down to like the little components and then you can troubleshoot then it's just troubleshooting. It's like let me troubleshoot the component and be like is this uh oh okay the hit rate's not as high. Um you know sometimes hit rates aren't as high and that fluctuates over time and you know this has just been a bad period for trend formation. Uh maybe maybe we're in a market where um uh the correlations between things have moved in such a way that like everything like everything is the same trend. And maybe that's a bad environment for me where like all all everything is moving in one direction and it's no longer like lots of trends are forming but it's all kind of being driven by the same underlying factor. And it feels to me like if that's what's happening, that wasn't really what I intended to capture from this strategy. So you can think qualitatively about what's going on if you look at the streams uh or the underlying uh vital signs. So in this idea of trading as a business, so far we've covered a few general topics. We've covered the importance of back testing and getting just some sort of data around like what you're trying to do and what you might expect. We talked about this idea of focusing on the process of what you're doing versus individual outcomes, but using the aggregate outcomes to guide decision-m. You touched earlier on something that we didn't double click into. I think it's self-explanatory, but it's it's massive, which is emotional regulation. And I just want to reemphasize one point from that, which is you made it very very you made a an important point, which is when you made money, you weren't like that happy, and when you lose money, you weren't that sad. For a lot of people, I think that they, you know, instinctually get the idea of not feeling sad when you lose money. You want to mitigate that. But I've had direct arguments with people that will say, "Well, why shouldn't I be happy that I made money?" And they it's like a it's a complete perversion of the concept. It's not so much that like you shouldn't be happy. Like yeah, you made money. That's good. But the the more important thing is like once you understand the the human condition and general psychology, which I am not a psychologist. I'm not an expert in any of this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm just a random [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] internet dude. But I know from my own anecdote that if you allow yourself to experience elevation to the upside that naturally primes the pathway for the downside whether you want it to be there or not. So I actually think that your mentioning of that is really important. And it's something that a lot of people might miss, which is it it's almost easier to start by controlling your upside emotion when you win and desensitizing yourself a bit to that and then, you know, to the downside it I find it at least a little easier to to follow through with that and &gt;&gt; go. &gt;&gt; No, no, please. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. Go ahead. Go ahead. &gt;&gt; No, I I was literally going to say and I don't know if you had anything else that you wanted to add to that, so it's perfect. &gt;&gt; Actually, I do. This is this is this is not about like mind control in my mind. It it's not about this is about understanding what you should actually be happy or sad about. That's the actual like the crux of the matter is like being happy because you made money to me makes no sense because it's like you're happy you're happy because are you happy because the chips fell your way on this one? like it came up black enough times for you. Is that a reason to be happy? Like it's like not a reason to be happy to me, &gt;&gt; right? It's out of my control. Like why do I why am I letting the outcomes why am I It's like the same thing with the human beings. Like why am I letting this person's reaction to me determine how I'm supposed to feel? Like I'm not going to let that I just like in [clears throat] general like sort of obvious to me. It's like I would not let something that's out of my control me. like, you know, there's extreme things that probably are like that, but like in this case, &gt;&gt; I'm not going to let this random outcome determine whether I'm happy or sad. &gt;&gt; The reason I'm not going to is because it there's no information in it's not interesting at all. It's just like totally not interesting. Like so like like for example when I okay I was I remember at the end of 18 I was short this I was short this oil time spread like vol time spread and they were running up the back months going into uh the end of the year. Okay. And the way that they were marking it looked kind of sloppy and it looked like hm it looks like it looks like somebody's trying to mark this higher. on. That's how it felt to me. And but I love the time spread. So here's what's happening. I'm losing every day because I'm short this time spread and I'm so because I'm getting I'm like I'm going to get to I get to put this on at better and better and better levels, right? So it was like the exact opposite. I'm losing money and I'm getting happy. Like people that trade correlation like you know let's say you have a token like uh correlation short on options. Anybody that trades correlation understands the rhythm of that business. The rhythm of it is like you probably have some token short amount of correlation on your book and but the game isn't really on until it blows out and then you get to lay into it and then you'll end up making all your money back and more. But on the way up you're going to be lo you're going to be losing. But the thing is you're not firing your shot. You're like okay whatever token sale token sale token but this is not it. this is not it. I'm not This is not where I'm laying into this thing. But you're excited because you're like, I'm gonna get to lay into this thing and it's going to be a great trade and this is why we have this business. This is why we're here to to to capture this when it blows out. So, the thing is like you can be happy because the environment or the conditions for you to make money are getting better. they're going your way, but the actual outcome is not the thing that would make me happy or sad because it has nothing to do with my future. Uh, you know, even if you if you think about trading as a business, you should be happy about things that uh that are supportive of your business being good in the future. So, for example, if you are a poker player or a trader and you get sucked out on a river or whatever and you get beat, okay, by a person who's a fool who made terrible decisions, you should be happy because you want this person coming back. Like, so the fact that you lost money like that to me is like we would be getting very excited about whoa yes today. Yesterday I didn't know that there was a fool in the market. Today I learned that there's an idiot out there. This is great news. Like sure the idiot like clocked me, but now I know there's an idiot out there. So like it I don't know. It's like it it's not even uh [laughter] like the idea of letting the outcome make you happy or sad. It's not that I'm like have some like Zen Buddhism in me. It's that it makes no sense to me to be happy about that. it makes sense for me to be like, whoa, this is like a cra this crazy opportunity is happening and like maybe I'm losing money in the meantime, but look at the opportunity that's setting up. That's awesome. So, I think it's just really about um knowing to be happy about the right things and and really that is about understanding what it is your business is about and what makes that business better. I think sometimes people might get happy or sad about things that they shouldn't because they actually don't know what their business is. That that's the fundamental problem is like you don't even know why what you're doing works or doesn't work and so you don't have any idea of how to be happy or not be happy because you don't even know what you're doing. So that's I I think that that could be uh more so than any kind of like uh you know stoicism or something like that &gt;&gt; which is actually funny. I &gt;&gt; although I'm kind of my temperature is down by the way like I am I am naturally not super emotional anyway. So, &gt;&gt; well, and I actually think for those that don't know, um, taking at least a light excursion into stoicism is absolutely worth your time because a lot of people though mistakenly think that like stoicism is emotionless and, you know, not having emotions and stuff like that. And it really boils down to what you just talked about like one of the the primary principles is what they refer to as the sphere of control. And it's learning to value the things you have control over and then the things that you have no control over, it really doesn't get a lot of your time cuz you have absolutely no control over it. Yeah. And I think that, you know, to summarize what we're just talking about there, and I like the way you framed it in terms of like knowing what to be happy or sad about, like if you're thinking of trying to bubble that up into something, it's like, can you control it? Then that's something that's worth your time. If it's something that's outside of your control, that doesn't mean ignore it. You still have to pay attention to the information, but you have no control over it. So, I think that's a like a really great way to to think about that. And to move us on to the next ladder to this, we've talked about a little bit of like the emotional regulation side. And I I want to spend a little time talking about kind of the meat and potatoes of this thing, which is implementation and like strategy implementation because I I find this conversation actually fascinating. My entire trading career, I've never really emphasized or pursued topline returns. The thing that I've always attempted to focus on was consistency in returns. And I do this for two reasons. I know part of my psyche is with capital risk aversion. And part of this has to do with the way that I was brought up. I I did not have much money growing up, so it was seen as like hypervaluable. So the prospect of losing it obviously had a impact on me. So part of it is risk aversion and then really the other thing is just a structural component where I knew that my mom had like no retirement or anything. She was a a contractor so there was really nothing for her and I knew that I was going to be that. So what really scared me is like god forbid she needed capital for some reason that she didn't have access to and I was in a draw down like that that that scenario was just unacceptable to me. So, I've never really pursued these topline returns. And in order to generate like the more consistent style returns, I have found having kind of like a a toolbox that focuses on a handful of what I refer to as profit mechanisms, which are again just market effects that we can monetize. And I found that to work kind of the best for me. And what that has led to is I kind of have something to do in essentially every conceivable market condition. This doesn't mean that every single market condition I'm going to make money in every single day. Like it's nothing like that. There's still absolutely draw downs. But the more important part is there's never a point where I'm like, ah, you know, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I I don't have my fast ball here and I'm just kind of stuck. So in the context of trading as a business, how do you think about building out like that strategy suite of stuff that you want to implement? &gt;&gt; Yeah. the So that's interesting that you say that because it's it's it's really it's an awesome position to be in like what you're describing where you've effectively built up um like a stable of strategies so that in any uh in any environment uh you know some of them are worth pursuing and some of them are maybe dormant because it's like hey it's not really the environment for that. Um, I think that that as a business, um, what what probably happens, we could think about like the life cycle of how of how these kind of businesses can work is you probably start out with just like one thing that you're like, you know what, I found this one particular thing and it works and you're jamming on that thing and in that and what happens is like because it's only one thing, it will go through spells where it's it's not the right environment for it that opportunity is not really there. Um in my uh in my career the analogy would be um like I would be trading when you're a floor trader you're just trading one thing. It wasn't until I went to the hedge fund that I was sort of trading lots of things but you're just I was just trading one thing at one you know like I was trading everything in the crude oil complex but at the end of the day it was just sort of like all crude oils. So if crude oil is in a quiet time, the opportunity it might not be a whole lot to do. So what happens is when your when your business when the thing that you're what that you do have dialed in when it's uh firing in all cylinders, that's all you do is just you work on that. You pay attention to that. You got to, you know, you got to, as they say, you make hay while the sun is shining. But it will slow down. It'll get quiet. And that's where you now have the time to say, you know, I was observing in my act of looking at things. I've observed, hey, this is this is this this is interesting. This is weird. Or I I learned about this other thing. And maybe it's not too far away from like what you're currently doing where it's like you can you're not coming at it from like a completely uh it's not a completely foreign idea. Like for for us, it was like I might only trade vanilla options. and then you're trading and you're like, "Wait a minute, there's these things called Asian options and there's calendar spread options. There's other things and they're like in our market, but these are new to me." So, it's like there's some aspect that's new and that like I've never traded that kind of option before, but there's some aspects that's that's not new, which is that I understand how this underlying market generally works. So, now I have to like combine my knowledge of two different things, but I don't have to cross the bridge all the way from the start. So that's the kind of thing that's like you would expand into that and then over time you know now maybe you add this other thing to your repertoire your and your repertoire grows and then but still like your repertoire doesn't cover everything in the world. So, as your repertoire is growing, um, you know, you're going to have some slow periods and you use that time to try to invest in figuring out a new thing. And as you're doing that, you eventually become Eric [laughter] and you have a stable of strategies that you can uh, you know, toggle on and off depending on if they if they make sense or not. And so I think that's the like the life cycle of how this works is like recognizing that you know when you're whatever you're doing is slow instead of trying to milk more money out of a business that you shouldn't be trying to milk more money out of because it's just not there for you. That's how that by the way is how you get into trouble. That's always what I observed is that you know I'll be when I went to the hedge fund like you know maybe I'm not trading natural gas very actively right now. It's kind of boring. There's not a whole lot going on in it. And then, you know, I'll talk to a broker over there and he was like, "Oh, yeah, there's just like market makers just basically slinging things around for fair value." And it's because they have nothing else to do. That's their job. They're for they're like they were put in a seat and told trade natural gas day and night regardless of whether it makes sense to even bother trading natural gas, right? It's their job. You have to do that. So, what's going to happen is like that market will be um so people will be doing that, but you don't have to do that. if you can see other markets, if you're like, I'm just not I'm literally just not even going to pay attention to that market. There's nothing there. And so, uh, when people start trading things too tight, when they're trying to make money where there's really no edge to be had, um, that's where, uh, you coming with fresh eyes be like, "Wait a minute. You telling me that the market has been trading at this price for this long and you have a bird's eye view? Hey, I I I I'll trade against that because I have a different perspective because I was been doing all this other stuff and I see how the picture fits together and they're only looking at like one little aspect here. So, I think that over time be trying to become you in that way is probably uh not just a profitable thing to do, but it's a uh I think it's a pretty probably a pretty satisfying way to grow your business. Well, I I definitely find it to be, at least for me, a a good fit because I I never feel like there isn't a move for me. And that helps a lot cuz again, like from a military background, we have a bias for action. And one of the worst things you could possibly do is like freeze and do nothing. And you know, for a while, if I was trading, you know, just like a coverage strangle or something that's generally based on long beta. And if I was doing something like that and then the market starts turning over, you're you're kind of like, the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do I do now? So is I I think having different things to rotate rotate into helps a lot, which it leads into a quick followup. And there's two main points that I want to make on this quickly. They're kind of like pet peeves, but one of them, at least from the base retail trader lens, sometimes they'll do things like, "Oh, I need to make $1,000 this month, you know, for my rent or whatever it is, right?" Like, they're literally trying to survive off of whatever they generate this month and they're trying to like use it this month. And like like you were talking about in terms of going through periods where you notice something is slowing down and then using that time to prospect for other stuff. The way you enable that is by building a buffer. And it needs to be in my opinion a bigger buffer than you think you need. And it needs to be robust enough that if you go through a bad path and you have a bad 6 months, that doesn't completely destroy your business and what you're doing. Because I think one of the the leading causes of people to attempt to trade as a business and it ends up failing is because they they literally give themselves no room to make it. And it's like if you can't figure this out in two months and you just happen to go through a bad two months, you know, you blow up, you're gone. And that's a just shitty way to plan. It's not a good planning factor. So that's just one general pet peeve. And there's one other thing that I actually want to talk to you about, which is another common retail trader ism on the beginner side. And it's actually a little bit of a call back to the to the episode that's literally just releasing soon, which is, you know, the relationship between covered calls and income. And it's a lot of times retail traders will think if they're selling premium then they're more businessesque that they're set up you know like the casino which is one of my I hate that with a passion as you know probably could tell but what do you think of that where people have this natural tendency to gravitate towards selling premium as like their business model. &gt;&gt; I just think it's bad account. Like, well, okay, I'm not going to say you could selling options. No, no, no, hold on. Selling options, it may be a completely valid thing to do. Like, I'm not saying it's not. What I'm saying is like that that just sounds like an accounting problem to me. It's like if you if you sell an option and you collect premium upfront, how are you accounting for the liability? Right? It's like basic I mean this is like accounting 101. It's like what's the acrual you know? It's like you've sold this option, you sold it for $4. Okay. Like you don't you didn't make $4. Like I if if the uh you know you'd have to say to yourself, well, if I sell this option for four bucks, let's say I sold the V at 30 V. The V is 30% I implied V and I sold it for 30 V. And I said to you like, "What do you think the vault in this thing is worth?" And you say, "Okay, uh, I think the vault is 20." I say, "Okay, so you don't think it's zero, right?" No. Is it 10? No. You think it's 20? Fine. All right. Then the most, you know, the most you can book for a profit, I think, in your thinking here is the difference in Vega between 30 and 20 ball. Okay. Okay. So, like let's say you sold the option for four bucks and if it was 20 vault, the option would be worth three bucks, whatever, 250. Fine. You made you booked a $1.50 and by the way, in theoretical profit, because by the way, the market disagrees with you. Like, you think this option is worth 250 and somebody uh I you know, you sold it at four B or you sold it at $4. Maybe you sold it at mid-market. If you sold it at 390, Jane Street bought it from you. So Jane Street's 390 bid for this thing that you think is worth 250. Do with that with as with what you'd like. Um but I'm going to say that you know even if I just accept your Theo, you didn't make four bucks. You made a buck 50. So I just think it's let's be honest about what the accounting is. Um and and I think that's important just because if you want to get better and you want to improve um you know you want to do you want to do your accounting as honestly as possible that I mean measuring is the sort of uh you know the key to improvement. They say the thing like if you didn't if you didn't measure your time on the track well you would never get faster because how how would you get faster if you didn't know how you know what your times were. like measurement is like critically important. And so to pretend that I every time I sell an option for $4, I've made $4 of edge or something like that is literally insane thing to say. Like you're saying that's you're saying that you think the the fair fall for this asset is zero. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's it's I I think you summarized it perfectly. Ju &gt;&gt; just like an accounting flaw and not a healthy way to to look at it. There's two two follow-up topics really quick. One of them is if you were having a conversation with somebody and they were like, "Hey, you know, I've been trading options for 5 years. I have like an understanding of them in general. I know how markets work." Like that kind of stuff. What kind of strategies in general or market effects I should say more specifically do you think are like good points for them to take a look at if they're attempting to build their trading business or trading as a business? &gt;&gt; That's that's a good question. And I I would say you know for me I I I [snorts] would I start from the issues I start with from volatility. So like I look at things and say like what do I think this this this these options are worth from a V point of view relative to the way options are being priced across various surfaces. So that's just the way I approach things. I a lot of people who are using options in their strategy are not necessarily superv focused and they're they're what they're doing is they're using options to to affect some sort of um uh directional bias and the directional bias might be because they are exploiting some anomaly like let's say they're exploiting like a monthend anomaly like a window so like a window dressing effect. So if they're if they're trying to trade a wind, so you're coming up with this library of effects that you want to trade against and maybe that's one of them. So you say, you know what, maybe there's a window dressing effect here and so I'm going to go uh short, you know, going into the end of the month and I'm going to get long at the start of the month or whatever it is. And so they're they might be using options to do that. So I would just say in that case um you have to separate out like is the money that you've been making you've been doing this for 5 years and you're making money um are you making it because you're picking the right options are you thinking are you picking like in other words are these the right uh are the vault how are you doing on your vault trading aspect of it versus how are you doing on your direction. So what you might find is that oh you I'm super right on the direction and my vault my options is negative to a push like the vault component of it in which case I would say just stop trading the options and just trade just trade the underlying and that would be an example of getting better. This is by the way like that's like pure addition by subtraction. It's like you're getting better because you measured what the thing you were trying to do is and you improved on that. And here that anomaly like that I always think like you and Sinclair is a great book for uh what's the the last the one he did with Andrew actually the &gt;&gt; Yeah. I think I think &gt;&gt; retail options trading. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Retail options trading. &gt;&gt; Yeah. [clears throat] So retail options trading is a great book because it gives you the zoo of various categories of anomalies and anomalies all have the same kind of thing in common. It's that somebody needs to do something and therefore their bid or offer is non-economic. It's not because &gt;&gt; um they necessarily they have an opinion. It's just that they have to do something. And all anomalies sort of share that property. So where I would start is where what these anomalies that are very well um documented and then poking around to look for them in places potentially that are not observed by everybody. Right? There is a trade-off between like liquidity and edge. you know it, you know, if I went to my boss and said I have a strategy and spy, he would have laughed at me, right? It's like it's way too liquid. Um, if uh but uh so you want to look where where people aren't looking where where you know if there was edge and spy then uh there would be an it would be perpetual money machine for whoever found it. This is there's infinite capacity, right? So it from first principles, this just doesn't make any sense to look there. So you want to go look where something is a little less liquid and uh um and where you can study it a little bit more closely when spy is like super hard to study. Um so that's that's what I would do is like look for slightly less liquid things. um and try to think with an anomaly lens what might somebody have to do in this name and then that that would be where I would start. I love that and I I was chuckling before because you were talking about starting with something that's well documented in to to call to the podcast I just recorded yesterday with Andrew. talked about that exact thing because I I've been going back and forth on conversations I would have with people and I actually was asking Andrew his opinion on that because that became my default which is directing people to look at something that was really well documented as they're trying to build like their first quote unquote strategy. And my underlying thesis there is like there's enough other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that you have to get right, let alone if the underlying thing that you're trying to do isn't a thing. Like that is it's just an absolute mess. So I normally would direct people towards like something like Momentum. Momentum's been around literally for decades. It's still a thing. &gt;&gt; It's not always going to be the thing necessarily that's going to, you know, get you Lambo money tomorrow, but it's a just incredible foundation that's insanely well researched. So, it kind of like puts some guard rails on, you know, what what you're working on. Um, I know we're coming up on time and you came across a tweet that you found interesting about day traders. I was going to read it really quick and then I want to I want to hear your thoughts and what you were thinking behind it. So, the tweet in quotes starts with day traders considered themselves successful if they bought a stock at $10 and sold at 11. Bought it back the next week at 24 and sold at 25 and bought it a week later at 39 and sold at 40. If you can't see the flaw on this, that the trader made $3 in a stock that appreciated by 30, you probably shouldn't read the rest of this book. And that's from Howard Marx in The Most Important Thing. So, talk to me about it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So um what what I like about that quote so what I like about the quote is that he doesn't um it forces you to face whatever you're doing. Am I trading or am I investing? And I think it's really important to differentiate these two because they are they're very very different from each other. I uh I didn't even know anything about investing at all until I was probably in my mid to late 30s. I just never thought &gt;&gt; I didn't I just didn't think of investing because I had such trader brain. I had which is very trader brain is a lot more short-term oriented and um the reality is like trading is a business. So you're it's all about like how many how many it's like thinking like a casino. Uh I have this edge and I need to maximize throughput opportunities to trade the edge. But it's not anything about uh predicting what's going to happen in 10 years or it's not anything about um compounding actually. It's just like casino thinking the whole time. So, as a matter of fact, I had really bad habits because when I got into trading, the way that trading was sort of the way I understood it, the way I was being taught it was that there are customers, meaning real money accounts, people that are like investors basically, there are customers that need to buy or sell options and they don't know what the options are worth because that's not really their job. And so they come in and they buy an option and they don't know what it's worth and we sell it to them and basically we know we're making all this money and these people that are quote unquote investors are on the other side of our trades. So where the natural conclusion is that the investors are idiots and it's a scam and that trading is like what people that actually know what they're doing. And the reality is it's just two different ways. It's just two different things entirely. the trader is getting paid for providing a service to provide liquidity in that one moment in time. So, and a a really good way I think to appreciate this is I remember being in a I was in a trading class and the instructor stopped the class and said, you know, what is the um what is the definition of a good trade? And you know, everybody kind of like throws something out there and then he's just like the definition of a good trade is I buy something and it's bid there right after I bought it. He's like that's a good trade because the worst thing that can happen is you can just turn around and sell it to that bid and you scratch and then the best thing that can happen is just keep obviously can just keep going up. So it's like to buy something that is immediately bid afterwards. Now this is a very short-term mindset, right? Because if I buy something right now in like three hours, it doesn't, you know, whether it's going to be bid there or not is is completely, you know, up to up to the gods. It is I can't measure it to that. So the the point is that that was a very trader mindset. It's the trader mindset that Howard Marx is sort of thinking is foolish. He's like, "Oh, if you buy a stock for nine, it's like that you could have made $30 if you just held the stock." Well, it it's a he's being a bit reductionist. I'm like, I'm pretty sure Jane Street does that all day long and they're more profitable than anybody else that's ever walked the earth on trading. So, clearly Howard, uh, I don't think you have it pegged, right? It's just that you're talking about investing and we're talking about trading, right? So, I think the important part about that is understanding what you're doing. If you are in a trade and that's part of your business, don't when it goes bad, now you're an investor. You're like, I sold those puts on this thing cuz I thought these expensive. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And you're like, you know what? I got assigned on my puts and now I'm I guess I'm just long this thing now and I'm going to go read everything that makes me bullish on it because I bought it. &gt;&gt; Right. So, yeah, it's just un separate. You have to compartmentalize what you're doing. And I did a really bad job of it, which is like meaning that I was super trader focused and I was not um I was not investing my money. And so I uh I don't have what I should have had and I'd been an investor. So um don't make my the same mistakes that I am. And and uh you know then this is by the way why I'm teaching this investing class locally here because um I feel like I kind of missed out and I want to help these kids. &gt;&gt; Well, and I mean it's huge impact. You and I actually were talking a little bit about the the demographics, right, of of the podcast so far and it's very early stages and I feel like a lot of those those that demographic specifically there's just so much potential impact. So I I think that that's actually super cool that you do that. What do you when you do those like what's the curriculum? &gt;&gt; Oh, so I I basically I kind of made it up. I mean, I started with Claude and just said like, "Hey, I want to um I want to uh uh teach a class to middle and high schoolers about investing. Give me some ideas." And then I uh I basically merged what I liked from its output with I already have a site called moontowermoney.com, which is on that site um I kind of lay out the way I think about investing broadly. So, I'm just kind of combining what it told me with what I with my own knowledge and then I uh and then I draft and basically just draft the curriculum. I decided to put some guard rails on it and say my goal here is to get the kids investing within five sessions. &gt;&gt; So, we're going to have five classes. They're 90 minutes each and there's homework. and the goal at the um by class I don't know if it's class by class five or after class five, but that that they would actually be able to put money into the market and invest and be able to like make their own little portfolio. And so right now um in a week I'm going to do class number three. So &gt;&gt; that's awesome. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So it's it's I'm I'm learning. What's crazy is I'm learning as I go along too. too. Like I said, like I don't have a background in investing, but you know, I've been voraciously trying to learn over the years and uh so at least to the point where I feel like I can kind of do a class like this. So &gt;&gt; yeah, anyway, it's it's uh it's it's been an awesome experience and the kids are super into it. That's it's awesome. So I'm very happy. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's so cool. And I mean eventually if you're feeling froggy, we could even, you know, lift and shift that model and maybe do something with some of the the audience at some point. We could do like a few classes that we record and then share out. I did a version of that a long time ago that I actually really enjoyed. It was old segment. I called it like like teaching teaching others to trade or teaching strangers to trade or some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that. It was super fun. So maybe maybe worth dusting something like that off um in the future. Is there anything else that you wanted to hit before we wrapped? &gt;&gt; Not really. I just I did it I did think to myself um today today's a day that I'll kind of March 13th is this weird day that'll always kind of stand out because that was um March 12th was the day was the last day I think I was in the office back in 2020. &gt;&gt; Cool. Yeah, because Friday the 13th was Friday the 13th was when we went into like lockdown and that was that was like the days leading up to that was when you know they were telling everybody like you need to set up a workstation at home um because we might not be able to come into the office and I think Friday the 13th I think it was Friday the 13th in March in 2020 was the was the year that it was the day that we did not go into the office. So I don't know like it's just uh you know in our lives we have those moments right like you know where you were on 9/11 you kind of remember you remember that day that with that we went into lockdown and like it was it was a you know it's kind of a crazy period. So anyway I don't know I just noticed that today is March 13th &gt;&gt; and so how did the rest of your career go from that point because obviously then you would have made the pivot while you were still remote. Yeah. And actually never went into the office ever again. Uh yeah. Um yeah, I well I I worked from home for a year with the phone. &gt;&gt; And then I I left after a year after that in 2021. I left. &gt;&gt; And what led to the jump? Was it did you not like the the home environment or was that just part of the plan broadly? Anyways, &gt;&gt; no, I just thought I was, you know, I'd spent 21 years kind of doing the same thing and I really I really just wanted to change it. It was probably like been building in some ways uh in my mind earlier than that like you know maybe even uh probably as early as two years before that just a little bit. I think the thought started appearing in my mind like maybe I want to change gears and then what happened was um I really felt like I was at a juncture because business was the business was going really really well and it was sort of this do you want to blow this up and like you know hire a bunch of people and like run you know like are you committed to like this big thing and I I didn't I just didn't feel like that was the direction I wanted to go in and So, um, so then staying and not being like, "Okay, I'm we're going to gun it and build this big business." Um, just wasn't, uh, well, that I wouldn't have done that. Like, that didn't doesn't make any sense. So, &gt;&gt; um, yeah, I was just kind of like at a juncture and it was there's just like too too much. I don't know. 21 years was just kind of like enough of doing exactly that. It's weird. It's like I was totally uninterested in trading um for the couple years after I left and in the last I would say in the last year I've gotten way more um switched on again as far as like my interest in it and I don't think the Yeah, I don't think the Yeah, I don't know, man. It's like the whole It's been enabled by the all the AI, you know? It's like the the the a the AI has felt like um using the LLMs has felt like a really great um &gt;&gt; the ability to like unlock and have more velocity and all that kind of stuff has been I think has been really reinvigorating. So I think it was just kind of like felt like things were getting things had felt in their way of getting stale they were kind of getting stale. Also, I did not really like the I mean the work from home thing. I did not really like the working from home on a team. Even right now, I don't like working from home. Like it's it's um it's really fun to be on a desk and have the banter and have the idea velocity and just like things you would never think of just happen at the water cooler kind of thing, but you're, you know, like just in the in the in the room. So, um yeah, I don't know. It could like uh ending up back in like an environment like that again with uh Yeah, I would not I would certainly not say it's off the table. &gt;&gt; Oh, cool. Well, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; really interesting. And yeah, that that's kind of a just a fun milestone to to have cuz it like when you said that about being locked at home, like my mind immediately went to a time when Mel and I we were at the grocery store and like all of the shelves were [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bare. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. just a absolutely crazy spot. But for everybody that hung out till the end, thank you guys. We are here every single week. So if there's ever ever anything that you want to see us talk about, make sure you drop it as a comment, shoot us an email, anything like that. We want to discuss what you would like to, although that's partially false because over the course of this podcast, I've added four more topics to our list. So, you know, good good luck slotting in cuz my my brain's turning. But, um, joking aside, if there's anything you want to see us talk about, let us know. And we will catch you guys next week. See you guys later. Thanks, Chris. All right. &gt;&gt; All right. Let him up.
