---
ticker: ASAN
type: youtube
title: "PandoMonthly with Facebook/Asana co-founder Dustin Moskovitz on both co.s and giving away his money"
channel: "Sarah Lacy"
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMsff4UqmCM
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 92739
---

# PandoMonthly with Facebook/Asana co-founder Dustin Moskovitz on both co.s and giving away his money

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Sarah Lacy
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMsff4UqmCM

## 转录全文

[music] Um, so I want to um thank Dustin Moskovitz who has um for several years been one of my favorite people in Silicon Valley and I think one of the most underrated entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley and &gt;&gt; as he's asked me to call him all night long the world's youngest billionaire. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. Not not quite yet. [laughter] Yeah, you're about to get richer, but we can't really talk about that very much. Um, but I think it's going to be a good month for you. &gt;&gt; Uh, yeah, it's already quite a good month, actually. &gt;&gt; Pando monthly. &gt;&gt; Yes, exactly. &gt;&gt; Some other stuff happening. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Um, so I want I you know, I know that everyone feels like they know the story of the early days of Facebook, but unfortunately most people are taking that from a award-winning movie that was not entirely accurate. &gt;&gt; Sure. Um, so, so I want to spend a little bit of time back in the dorm room. Um, how did you and Mark meet? &gt;&gt; Uh, yeah. I mean, this is, uh, you know, kind of an interesting story, but, um, uh, Mark and I were pseudo randomly paired together, uh, as as, um, as roommates. So, so basically what happened is uh, you know, when you're a freshman at Harvard, you're in the freshman dorms, and then um, you you enter the lottery system to choose your your house for the next three years. and kind of a big deal. Um, and I ended up um, how does this go? I ended up uh, just choosing to um, choosing to block with my girlfriend at the time. Uh, and she had uh, a group of friends that that she was blocking with. Um, and Mark ended up uh, sorry, my memory is actually a little faulty on this, but I think what happened is actually I was in one blocking group and Mark was in another. And basically Billy uh the the one of our roommates that um doesn't often come up in the story, he was he was uh rooming with me and then Chris Hughes was with Mark and they put us into a four room uh suite and that's that's basically how we met. So I I literally uh met Mark the the first day of sophomore year. &gt;&gt; Um and yeah, the the rest was just kind of fate. &gt;&gt; What did you think of him when you first met him? I first met him, um, you know, he was definitely, uh, you know, an interesting character. He had a ton of energy. Um, you know, he was, you know, it was the first day of school, so he was really excited, of course. Um and uh you know one of the things that uh you know stands out in my mind and actually I think is the way uh David Kirkpatrick decided to open the Facebook effect is uh this story about how he he had this giant whiteboard with him um that uh you know I think was in his his parents' van and it was like the very first thing he moved into the suite and it was uh must have been like 4 by 10 feet or something like that and you [laughter] know in a very small college suite so we had kind of a a hallway connecting our bedrooms and and this was like the whole hallway. Um, and uh, and yeah, I mean, um, you know, we hit it off right away and he's he's very personable and easy to get along with and um, just yeah, started off an exciting year. &gt;&gt; So, in the early days when you guys first started working on this thing, I mean, were you thinking as soon as I get out of Harvard, I want to start a company. Were you on sort of that entrepreneur path? Was it something you had thought about? Were you, you know, were you one of those kids in college who sat in the back of the room reading TechCrunch then and hopefully Po Daily now and and wanting to start a company and just kind of biting your time and throwing stuff out or did it just happen? &gt;&gt; Um, no. I don't think that's uh Yeah, I don't think that would be an accurate way to describe me. So, I was I was kind of on the the business track in school. I was actually an econ uh uh concentrator at Harvard. Um, and I was also involved in a lot of technology. I'd built some websites in high school. Um I was a user assistant at school. So that meant I you know helped students with uh you know their personal computing issues. Um and I always sort of fantasized of something along the lines of um you know being the business side of a technology company. Um but I don't think I ever really pictured it as you know founding a company being the entrepreneur. Um you know that wasn't uh that wasn't really you know my mindset and was much less popular at the time in general. Um, was Techrunch even around in 2004 or &gt;&gt; 2005? &gt;&gt; 2005. [laughter] There you go. &gt;&gt; I just I forgot how young you are. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, yeah. So, you know, a lot less of that community was around. I will say, you know, that was definitely the way Mark thought about things and he always had, you know, a couple projects going on on the side and, um, you know, made quite a bit of money in high school even doing, um, you know, large websites and things like that. &gt;&gt; Uhhuh. Um, when I I think there was a picture in the insert on the first book of you and Mark and Chris Hughes in a dorm room like cuddled under a blanket and you all look about 12 years old. &gt;&gt; I remember that picture [laughter] very well. Um, it actually has a really funny backstory. This came up uh somebody sent me this uh on Facebook message and I remembered when we took it and literally, you know, somebody wanted to take a photo of us and we were like, "Oh, wouldn't it be funny if we like put a blanket over ourselves and like won't this picture like come out goofy?" And sure enough, it's like, you know, [laughter] the old picture of all of us from back then, so it gets printed over and over again. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; What was the dynamic like between the three of you? Because you and Mark and Chris are all very different personalities. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's true. Um, you know, I think um I think we uh we got along, you know, really well. Um, you know, considering that it just seemed to be a really easygoing relationship. Um, you know, I was always, you know, pretty focused on like the the sort of the immediate needs of the site and, uh, especially back in the early days expanding to other colleges. Um, and Chris and Chris and Mark were, you know, more off sort of like pontificating about what could be and thinking about other businesses back then. And, um, you know, it felt it felt very fluid. Um, and, you know, we've continued to have a really great friendship ever since then. Um, every time um, I've talked to you going back to I think around the like David Z $500 million valuation deal. Um, you've always been a big believer that Facebook would be a big company. Um, even when other people in the company were like, Jesus, David Z, it's a $500 million valuation. There's no way in hell he's ever going to get that money back. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; How far back did that go? I mean, since I've known you, you've always had a big belief, but there had to be a time you didn't. Um, you know, I think I think my belief was always quite large. Uh, but you know, it got bigger over time. I was always just sort of like one or two years ahead of everyone else. Um, you know, I uh the the sort of first week of of Facebook at at Harvard was was really quite incredible. It was just like, you know, complete ubiquity literally on every screen as you walked around. Um, and so that, you know, gave me, um, you know, just a lot of a lot of confidence and sort of put like the big idea in my head. And there's there's a passage in, uh, in the the Facebook effect about like Mark and I negotiating um, my compensation. And I and I very distinctly remember saying something to him along the lines of, you know, I think if you give me um, you know, 1% of this company, that will probably end up being well more than enough. Um, but it wouldn't quite feel fair. So, we ended up coming up with something else. Um, but I think that, you know, I think that speaks to how I was, you know, valuing the company at day five. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Um, and then when you guys decided to move to Palo Alto, not not everyone involved with the company did. &gt;&gt; That's correct. [laughter] &gt;&gt; What did you have any I mean you since we had worked very hard to get into Harvard, did you have any trepidation about leaving? &gt;&gt; Well, when we um when we left, we actually weren't like permanently leaving. Um we I mean at the very beginning we were kind of just going for the summer. Um and then I think maybe the first uh first week or two we were out there we we realized it was going to take longer than that and it would be impossible to run the company while we were also going to school. I don't know how we thought that was ever going to work. [laughter] Um &gt;&gt; I mean Harvard is a slightly challenging school. &gt;&gt; Yeah slightly challenging. I mean we had managed to do it for three or four months so we thought what were your grades like can't get any harder than that. Um, they, you know, they were pretty good most of the guys. Um, &gt;&gt; that's just annoying. &gt;&gt; I was hoping you were going to be a D student. Let's try that again. What were your grades like? [laughter] &gt;&gt; Um, well, you know, one thing that I think uh will be heartening to people is uh, you know, I ended up taking Intro to Computer Science um, the fall before we started Facebook. Um, part part of my rationale was I I knew Mark was a was a pretty good programmer and I was like, "Oh, you know, he'll he'll like help me with my homework and stuff like this." that turned out not true [laughter] at all. Um, and uh, the one the one time this happened in college was that course I got I got a B+. Um, so [laughter] &gt;&gt; um, &gt;&gt; it would still be a better story if it were a D. &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. It wasn't quite a D, but uh, I was very heartbroken by it at the time and uh, you know, still managed to. &gt;&gt; So, your worst grade at Harvard was Intro to Computer Science. &gt;&gt; Exactly. You know, I just find that really ironic. &gt;&gt; There's one of my writers writing that right now into WordPress. [laughter] probably. Yeah. I don't think I've ever said that one before, but now it's out there. &gt;&gt; Um, but so I mean, you were obviously quite studious, so &gt;&gt; you just were but when you got here, you were just bitten by it. &gt;&gt; Is that right? &gt;&gt; Uh, yeah. I mean, I think um, you know, we were sort of caught in a in a wave of momentum to say the least. I mean, the site was just growing so fast. Um, you know, we honestly weren't even thinking quite that far ahead. It was more like, you know, how do we how do we keep things running? how do we, you know, prevent a competitor from overrunning us? Um, you know, and really, especially for the first 12 months of the site's existence, just how do we make it not go down, you know, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; It's just like all scaling, &gt;&gt; right? Um and so but it was an interesting time because while you guys had all this heat and you were near Stanford and so you kind of were around people who were consuming it um you know the valley generally was very bearish on the web at that point and there were a lot of people who were like you know still in this sort of frenster overhang and MySpace has already won that. So what did you what did you encounter being in Silicon Valley and trying to build a social media company at that in those early days? Um I mean I I may have been to a large part just sort of like insulated from from that kind of attitude. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean I I was really um you know much more so than um Mark or Chris or Sean uh you know really um you know focused on the product and focused on building. Um so I didn't get out of the house much [laughter] um and Techrunch wasn't around so I wasn't seeing all the bad things they might have been saying about us. Um but uh yeah you know there there was definitely you know some pessimism and and uh you know some people who believed and the people closest to um closest to users of the site uh you know really kind of got it. It was it was really hard to sort of ignore um the depth to which people were were engaging with the app and I think that ultimately made believers out of people including you know Peter Teal and later David &gt;&gt; Z. Um, what do you think was the influence of people like Peter and Tal and Peter and and David on the company? And I mean, even, you know, I think Sean's been talked about a lot, but even Shawn, um, you know, people always, you know, as it said on the site, Mark Zuckerberg production in the early days and typically the founder gets a lot of credit, but who what are some of the untold stories of impact people had that they didn't get credit for? you know, I think, uh, especially with, uh, with Sean, um, and in in turn with Peter, uh, they just had a big effect on our ability to control the company. Um, so I think if we had, you know, kind of gone into fundraising, you know, without Sean by our side, we would have taken a radically different looking deal, given up a lot more control, probably would have given up, you know, control of the board in the first round, right? um just because we were you know novice entrepreneurs and um didn't know better and didn't know how to run a company. Um but you know having them uh you know having them on board both gave the confidence to to other people that this was a serious company and could be run well and they were just enormously founder friendly. Um especially after you know the experiences Sean had gone through with with Napster and Plaxo he just cared a lot about making sure you know Facebook stayed in control uh you know especially in markets control but um company controlled uh and and Peter was was more than happy to to feel the same way. You know that's that's how they basically do every deal at Founders Fund now. Um, and then for for Peter, um, at the at the board level, you know, one of the things that really sticks out for me is is just, you know, every single board meeting, um, he, you know, he was really emphasizing that we needed to grow the company slower. You always felt like the headcount was going too quickly. Um, and, uh, I I only feel, uh, even stronger about that now, especially as we build a sauna, something we talk about all the time. Um it's just really easy when you're when you're caught up in this sort of fast user growth uh to just, you know, get in this mindset that you need to hire as quickly as possible. There's so many things falling apart. There's so many opportunities you could be trying. Um and you know, you just you just got to hire anybody who walks in the door. Uh aside from uh you know intrinsically meaning that ends up lowering your your quality bar because you just can't hire well at scale uh it also means you end up with with uh mission creep and mission dilution and um you know culture dilution and just a bunch of people that don't necessarily think about the company the same way the the earlier people do. Uh so now I definitely you know I think about this all the time. This is the number one advice I I give to entrepreneurs if they're if they're going to be in you know that type of market. um you know really hire slowly and carefully. Um and I and I definitely think um you know we probably hired at Facebook much faster than than Peter would have wanted us to but if he hadn't have been there we would have hired way way faster than that. &gt;&gt; Right. That's interesting. You know I think that one thing that people always admire about Facebook and I I think is really one of these sort of core things about the Facebook mafia is this real emphasis on pacing, you know, and not being in a rush. I mean, Facebook started with Harvard and then other Ivy League colleges and then colleges and then high school and it's like this kind of big walled garden slowly got out to sort of encompass the rest of the web. &gt;&gt; Um, and you know, you guys took a very long time launching a sauna. You know, you you wrote a lot of, you know, backend stuff to run it. I mean, you you took a lot longer than it needed to. Um, I think you know, the core guys path took a long time and this is sort of this common trend. Um, is that part of the same thing that was Peter's advice or was that just what you guys did at Facebook because servers and cost and expanding college to college was such a toll? &gt;&gt; Um, yeah, it wasn't even uh necessarily cost, but definitely ju just our ability to, you know, re-engineer the site and literally, you know, rack servers fast enough uh at Facebook was was definitely the limiting factor. Um, you know, I remember, um, there there was one time we, you know, we decided to like double the number of servers from like 20 to 40 and we're like, okay, now we'll be able to expand as fast as we want and we put the servers in, made the made the site run faster and people just used it more. [laughter] Um, and we're immediately at capacity again. So, we did this, you know, we did this, must have done this two or three times. Um, and then when the, you know, the school season was starting, es, uh, you know, all the sort of prefro wanted to get on there and they were using it really heavily. Um, and they just uh, you know, time and again sort of exceeded our expectations on on how much hardware we needed to solve the problem. Um, and honestly uh, you know, uh, if if AWS had been around, Amazon Web Services, I I think we would have done it a lot lot faster. It was it was really just this, you know, two-month delay on making a server order and getting them physically shipped and racking them and configuring them. And um, nowadays at ASA, you know, we'll do this the the day before a press cycle. Well, you know, we'll add web servers to the tier and um we'll just overprovision because it's easy to take them back out when you're done and uh makes it a lot easier to deal with things like that. &gt;&gt; So, how would that have changed Facebook though? I mean, do you think there was something important about that pacing and about that restriction or just would have grown faster and everything would have been great. &gt;&gt; Uh I debate this all the time with people. It's it's really hard to know. &gt;&gt; Which side do you take? &gt;&gt; Um yeah, I kind of take the side that uh it would have just grown faster. Um there's there's a distinct possibility that uh you know other people would have noticed sooner and sort of you know turned around decided we were a threat and uh paid attention and you know um it ended up taking three or four years for that to happen. Uh and you know that's the one thing that I think might have gotten in our way but um I don't fully buy into the idea that the you know the closed community was kind of like a secret sauce of it. Uh I think &gt;&gt; uh just compared to the the other social networks at the time it um it functioned better and and you know the page is loaded in less than 20 seconds, &gt;&gt; Helps a lot. &gt;&gt; We're still sort of working on that on our blog. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; Bit of a problem. [laughter] &gt;&gt; So you mentioned board control which is obviously something that was really important for Facebook because there was this huge um you know I think company defining moment when Yahoo offered Facebook a billion dollars. &gt;&gt; Um tell us about that time at the company. Sure. Um yeah, you know, I think that was a, you know, a valuable lesson for all of us. you know, I think the the sort of number one mistake that, um, that we made then was was sort of entertaining the idea at all that that we were planning to sell cuz we never really wanted to. Um, and we kind of got caught up in this, uh, you know, this mindset that it it's foolish not to not to see what's out there, not to see what, um, the safe route looks like. &gt;&gt; Um, and then you kind of get, um, you know, you kind of get pot committed in a way and you you've set expectations with people and um, and then other, you know, the other people who didn't feel the way we did got to see what the safe route looked like and and some of them were uh, thought about the company in much more conservative ways and a lot large part of the market was bearish. Um, and so it just became this enormous pressure from people. Um, you know, like I said, I was I was always thinking sort of a year or two out on how I thought the company. Um, so everyone, you know, I was like, billion, you know, of course, course we can do better than that. And everyone else was like, that's crazy. Like &gt;&gt; there was not a moment of hesitation of that's a billion dollars. We should take this. Um maybe uh &gt;&gt; you didn't have like a chalet pass through your head or a sports car. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean sports car guy. &gt;&gt; Um uh a lot of it just had to do with uh you know for me and and definitely for Mark, you know, everything he says it just it just wasn't about the money. It was about you know making that product and making it big. Um, and we spent a lot of time thinking about, well, you know, c can we do that better at Yahoo? Um, you know, what are the advantages of that distribution? Right. Uh, so we &gt;&gt; gonna answer for the crowd. I'm gonna answer for the world. No. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, you know, it was a little more ambiguous back then. Uh, now it's very very clear. Um, and &gt;&gt; sued a lot of people for patents. &gt;&gt; Uh, right. Exactly. [laughter] um you know it it was a little ambiguous then but uh the track record of um fast growth startups being acquired by companies and then doing something better after that is basically non-existent. Um and so you know it was really about the mission and and would acquisition make us succeed in the mission? No. &gt;&gt; What percentage of the company or maybe the management team do you think agreed with you and Mark? &gt;&gt; Other than Mark and I? Uh, yes. &gt;&gt; Um, yeah. I don't know if I want to name names, but I'd say 20%. &gt;&gt; 20%. &gt;&gt; Um, yeah. &gt;&gt; Not counting you and Mark. &gt;&gt; Not counting Mark and I, but luckily Mark and I counted a lot. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Or maybe we'll call it 30%. Depends who you're thinking of as in the management team. &gt;&gt; Right. So, what happened to that 70 to 80%? um &gt;&gt; when she got said no. &gt;&gt; What's that? &gt;&gt; When she said no, &gt;&gt; well, you know, to to their credit, um you know, I think every one of them, you know, basically said, you know, I think you're making the wrong decision, but this is your company and we're going to support you and now we're going to, you know, build something bigger. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Um you know, there was definitely uh it definitely made things more stressful because, you know, then if you lose, you you kind of squandered that. Um, but you know, again, it was about sort of maximizing the big outcome, not not guaranteeing the the payday. &gt;&gt; So, do you think Instagram should have sold for a billion dollars? &gt;&gt; Um, [laughter] yeah. You know, I think this is one of the ones I have to stay away from. &gt;&gt; I just thought of that. &gt;&gt; I didn't even have it on the notepad. &gt;&gt; Yeah. [laughter] I feel a lot of pressure because your fiance told me in the green room that she used to be a reporter at the Wall Street Journal and she was talking about you on disrupt and she was like well as a former reporter I thought it was a pretty good interview and so I was like oh So it just suddenly put all this pressure on me. So that one was for her. It was my gotcha reporter question. Okay. &gt;&gt; nailed it. &gt;&gt; So [clears throat and cough] getting back to this whole selling not selling thing. Um, you know, we've we we've talked about this a lot sort of in the rubric of how this is the impact this made on other people there. Um, you know, we talked about this a couple months ago on the stage with Dave Moran when we were talking about his decision not to sell to Google and I know that, you know, he says you were one of the only people on his side then too. &gt;&gt; Um, how was that different because PATH certainly didn't have the, you know, amount of engagement or or heat that Facebook did. Yeah, I I do think there's very different rationale there. Um I I always like to point out uh people like to give me a lot of credit for backing Dave there, but uh Brian Singerman was also, you know, very much at the at the table with us and having the same conversation was um you know, super supportive of Dave. And I think again that just speaks to the track record of Founders Fund always just, you know, what the founder wants, right? Um and uh yeah you know for for that situation um it was much more of a a personal thing where um you know it was very clear that the reason Google wanted path uh you know wasn't the product as you said there there wasn't much there yet. Um now of course it's it's doing extremely well. Um they they really wanted Dave and uh this was basically a very expensive employment contract um that was going to be very beneficial to the other people who were in path. Um but Dave, you know, unequivocally didn't want unequivocally didn't want to do it. Um not only was it not the the role he saw for himself, but um you know, very likely he would have basically been competing against Facebook and you know, helping them develop their their social products. And um you know, I can't imagine any early Facebook person that would that would be thrilled about doing that. Um so &gt;&gt; thrilled because they thought they couldn't compete or thrilled because of friendships and not wanting to. Well, just, you know, nobody wants to kind of, you know, destroy the thing they work to build, right? Like, um, in as much as you view that as sort of a zero sum market, um, then you're just working against your past self. And if you're missionoriented, what's the point of doing that? Um, and, uh, so, so to me, it just looked like basically, you know, indentured servitude almost. Um I saw you know no sort of um ethical quandry or um you know irrational risk takingaking to to turn that down. Um you know the only thing that um well I won't talk about that. &gt;&gt; Well my next question might anticipate what you're going to say. Um I mean I guess the question is there's a lot of entrepreneurs in the audience. Um is the founder always right if he doesn't want to sell? Like I I mean I experienced this acutely at Techrunch because I didn't want Techrunch to sell AOL at all. But like Mike had spent five years building that company and I'd seen what he had gone through to build it and the end of the day I mean he was right even though it it I think most of the staff did not want that to happen. &gt;&gt; Um I haven't thought too hard about that. I mean I'm certain there are cases when they're wrong. uh um but you know I think I hope I don't eat my words on this later but to you know to some extent um uh acquisition is uh you know a sign that the the company's on a bad trajectory there there are exceptions so uh without naming names I do think there there are a lot of good cases where there's just an enormous synergy it makes a lot of sense Peter actually talked about PayPal and um and eBay in this way and of course he's right like you know especially if you have that much sort of overlap on on your revenue streams. Um and and there, you know, if the sum of the parts is uh is going to be greater, then then go for it. Um but I do think a lot of a lot of the acquisitions that are happening are more um you know, basically life rafts for for teams that have gotten sort of to the end of a run. Um and you know, it makes sense. It makes sense there. Um yeah, but if uh but if if the founder thinks that there's there's still a business to be built, then um nine times out of 10, I'm probably going to support them and keep going. &gt;&gt; Um so let's talk about you deciding to leave Facebook. I mean, you you just got done telling us that there was no hesitation in turning down a billion dollars because the mission of building Facebook was so important. &gt;&gt; But you're not at the company anymore. Did was there a point where you felt the mission was accomplished enough or did you just get seduced by a new mission? &gt;&gt; Um that's a bit of a leading question. &gt;&gt; Uh so it no I certainly don't think the the mission is is done enough. Um I do think my part in it had had changed. Mhm. &gt;&gt; Um and you know the story of the the story of ASA is is basically um you know that uh for the last year and a half I was at Facebook. I was working uh basically 100% of my time on internal communication tools. Um and uh part of part of the precursor to Asan is actually a task manager that I built for Facebook. Um that gained ubiquitous adoption there and and is still the thing that that basically runs the company today. Um and so for me the thought process was um you know I'd gotten to a place where I believed that um bu building these tools was the most impactful thing I could do for Facebook. Um but I also believed uh there were other companies with important missions and the and the tools were applicable to more than just Facebook. Uh and finally I could do a better job building them um with a team dedicated to that purpose. So I was I was literally you know one guy with kind of like half another engineer helping me. we were iterating on this tool and it was very specialized to Facebook so you could cut a lot of corners, didn't need to scale. Um but ultimately it was limited and the you know the feature request list was just growing out in front of us and was you know never going to never actually going to be accomplished um with just a few people working on it. Um, and so I thought, well, you know, maybe it makes sense for for Facebook to go into this product category and put a real engineering team on it and productize it. But, uh, you know, very quickly, uh, decided that didn't make sense and, uh, was just mission creep for them. And Mark agreed 100%. Um, so once I got to the end of that sort of reasoning, um, you know, it basically just became, uh, you know, something something we needed to do that, you know, Justin and I needed to sort of, you know, manifest this vision in the outer world. Uh, so you know, every time somebody asked me, you know, why did you leave Facebook, they often sort of have these these ideas built up in their head of, you know, maybe there were tensions or maybe you didn't like it anymore, maybe it was big. &gt;&gt; Well, there's a big rumor that it was Cheryl. &gt;&gt; Uh, yeah, &gt;&gt; she clear that up on stage. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it wasn't Cheryl &gt;&gt; because she [laughter] happened to come in at the same time. And &gt;&gt; yeah, Cheryl hates that rumor, by the way. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but Destiny is like one of the most beloved people at Facebook. And I mean there's a it was a company that had a lot of very a lot of tension and a lot of sort of waring factions at different points, but you were always the guy everyone liked. So it did not look good that Cheryl ousted you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh just poor timing on her part, [laughter] honestly. Um so just to finish the thought, you know, people there are a lot of these possible answers and the only one uh that I ever give and the only one I think is true is that I left Facebook to start a sauna. Um and that's that's what I'm still doing. What did what did how did you tell Mark? yeah, you know, there's there's no easy way to get that message across. I just uh um you know, called a a one-on-one basically, you know, and sort of worked worked out what I was going to say and uh asked uh Anakah's assistant to find some time for me and then had that difficult conversation. &gt;&gt; Were you nervous? &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. Uh yeah, I mean that was that was certainly um you know one of the hardest things I've ever done. &gt;&gt; What did he say? you know he was um he he was disappointed um but um you know I think he he took it really well and um you know said he was going to support me in in the next step. Um, we're going to move on from Facebook in just a bit, but we talked um, maybe it was about a year ago. I think I was hugely pregnant at the time. So, that's how I tend to mark things that have happened in the last year. Um, and I think you said that there's more people at Facebook now that weren't there when you were than were there when you were there at the whole company than you were there or something like that. I mean, you had some figure for how &gt;&gt; how much it's grown since you left and how much it's still growing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, uh quite a bit. Um you know, this was this was a year ago and I'm um you know, I probably said the company was at least, you know, twice as big as it was when I left and now it's probably three three or four times as big even. Um you know, I've only even been to the 1601 California campus twice and I've never even been to the to the new campus. So um you know to me uh Facebook is still the sort of you know um segmented uh set of buildings on university a and &gt;&gt; is that intentionally you don't want to go to the new campus? &gt;&gt; Uh &gt;&gt; I know you're busy but &gt;&gt; I'm not like avoiding it. No. Yeah. It's just uh um I don't know. I guess I would have to like you know just pick a date and decide like that's what I was doing that day. But I don't have like any other reason to go I guess. Right. Um, ironically, uh, Carrie went recently, so she's seen it and I haven't yet. Um, but yeah, you know, they they haven't been there very long and I just opportunity hasn't come up. &gt;&gt; Maybe I'll go down there for IPO day. &gt;&gt; So, it's not that So, it's not that you wanted to stay in those buildings on university. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I mean, uh, you know, I enjoyed the the visits I had at 1601. Um, it is a little funny cuz like the, you know, the security team doesn't know who I am. So, I always have to like wait at the front and [laughter] &gt;&gt; say people should be fired. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Anaka usually comes and gets me or one of the early people is like, "What the heck's going on here?" &gt;&gt; But yeah, &gt;&gt; that's awesome. Um, so, um, what are your thoughts on um, Google+? Thought you said you were going to ask us about that &gt;&gt; because Justin, your co-founder, came [snorts] from Google. &gt;&gt; It's true. &gt;&gt; Do you guys ever have fights about it? &gt;&gt; Oh, no. I mean, [laughter] just I mean, Justin worked at Facebook for three years as well, so he uh &gt;&gt; he believes &gt;&gt; Yeah, he believes very strongly in Facebook and um you know, I think he he actually laments the fact that they're they're working on that and um &gt;&gt; you know, um feels it's sort of outside of their sweet spot and a distraction from from their core competency and their mission. There's no big ad to circles. &gt;&gt; There's no big what &gt;&gt; ad to circles? &gt;&gt; What do you mean? &gt;&gt; You didn't look at Google+ and think circles. We should have had circles. &gt;&gt; Oh. Um well, you know, uh there were friend lists actually. They just um they they were just implemented in in a somewhat different way and and adopted less. Um, and I actually was a huge fan of the feature when we introduced it and was sort of dismayed when when the users didn't really engage with it and kind of like let it drift and and so circles to me was um, you know, great because I was like, "Oh, well, this will bring the idea back." Um, and uh, and to some extent, you know, the the lighter weight groups um are are similar concept. Uh, so no, I definitely think that's sort of like, you know, the best part about it. Um, but &gt;&gt; I think Facebook had the idea first. Um, do you think that social is over? Do you think there can ever be a Facebook killer? social as as a market. I mean, clearly Facebook will still be social and uh be a big part of that, &gt;&gt; right? As in over as in they've won, not over as like like Google sort of one search. &gt;&gt; I think I've got to deflect this one, too. [laughter] So, I told Sarah at the beginning, just so you guys know. Um, &gt;&gt; you could say anything that looks like he's pumping up the stock. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, so I'm not a Facebook insider like Peter. I'm not banned from saying the word Facebook, but uh I just want to avoid anything that might give you information about the stock price. &gt;&gt; So, when are you planning on selling? No, just &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Um [laughter] [gasps] Um So, so let's talk a little bit more about Asauna. So you talked about sort of this mission to leave um when when you guys left to do a sauna like &gt;&gt; that was it's it's very sexy now to be doing what people are calling enterprise but it's really even small business to business you know or to big business. Um but it was not something that was considered sexy then &gt;&gt; Um did I mean did people think you were crazy to do this? Did you think you were a little bit crazy? Did you know anything about selling to businesses? let me answer those in order. Uh, did I know anything about selling to businesses? Uh, no, definitely not. Um, luckily that's not what we do at ASA. So, uh, what we think we're doing differently and why we think enterprise can be sexy, uh, is we actually have, uh, we have a bottoms up distribution model. So, we have a free product. Um, teams, uh, with with less than 30 can organize in a workspace. Um, it's a fullfeatured product. People get a ton of value out of it. Um and and then we we upsell larger teams um into premium functionality and larger workspaces. Um and we think that that basically the reason enterprise software is so bad uh is expressly because people have been selling to to businesses and not the uh not the individuals inside those businesses that actually have to use the product. So CIOS and um you know executives at these companies end up making a decision that's largely based on you know a checklist of functionality and um you know sort of making sure they're they're spending that part of the budget in the right way and they don't actually care um not nearly as much as as they should about how effective it is at improving their business. Um and certainly not about you know the usabil usability of the the product and how it feels. um when you're when you're actually trying to distribute the product by getting individuals in the company to use it, you have to care about those things. You have to build a high-quality product that people love to use that they're that they're using every day. Um and you know, as a result, uh you know, our engagement and adoption metrics look a lot more like a consumer app. Uh and if you you know, from the few bits of information I've learned about, um you know, some of the the more classic enterprise apps, um you know, you hear some of the retention numbers and your jaw drops, it's like, oh my god, like almost nobody's using that. Um, and some of these companies are still making a ton of revenue because the companies are are paying for a lot of licenses to these products. Um, but they just they just go unused. &gt;&gt; Um, so to us, um, the only reason Enterprise isn't sexy is is entirely about um, you know, how the product's been sold in the past. So from that light, the fact that we don't know how to sell to businesses is actually a pro. Um and yeah, so uh until you you kind of have that uh realization in our book or or belief in other people's books, then uh you might think we're we're crazy to go into that sector. But um to us, uh it's it's a really important mission. Um everybody, you know, everybody, you know, or everybody we know that we talk to about the the pain we're trying to solve just immediately resonates with it. um you know, regardless of of what industry you're in or um you know, even if you're if even if you're not employed, frankly, um you know, people really understand the the pain of trying to to collaborate on a project and keep people, you know, on the same page. Um so, when we first started pitching the company, um you know, we we immediately sort of, you know, we got the validation that that this is an important problem. This is going to be something people care about if we get it right. Um and we felt like we had the product that got it right. And the getting it right part is really the hard part because billions have been spent by companies on tools that promise to do these things. And so you're going into a market where people are a little jaded that anyone's going to get this right. &gt;&gt; Um what what is your insight where you are fundamentally nailing it where billions and billions of dollars have failed? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um so there there's three key differentiators for ASA. Um, one of them is is just speed and and we don't mean um you know the latency to the server and how long it takes us to uh you know to load pages in the app. There's actually just one page load for a sauna and then you have the app loaded much more like a desktop app. Um but then uh everything you do in the app has been designed to um you know just be as frictionless and light and lightweight as possible so that you can uh the information can be recorded in the system at the rate that you actually think. Um, so most of the actions you take in ASA are actually completely non-blocking. Uh, not just Ajax, but you just you do things and and the app responds immediately and just in the background it's sort of syncing things back with the server. Um, and the result of this is it just um it doesn't feel like it's something that's in your way. So um the the second uh differentiator which is very related to this one is it's the thing that people use to organize themselves. So in with traditional uh task management software, what you actually see is is all of the individual contributors actually have, you know, something they're using to keep track of their task. They've got, you know, a Vim file or an orac file if they're a developer. They've got, you know, sticky notes on their monitor um or if they're like the vast majority of people um in the world, they they just kind of leave things in their email inbox. Um and you when you uh archive it or reply, then then that's when the task is complete. Um, and then there's there's a secondary system that the project manager uses uh or the product manager. Um, and that's actually not the source of truth of of the data, right? They're actually sort of going around every week and sort of guilt tripping people into, you know, can you please like put this information in the project management system? Can you please put it on the wiki? Um, and and the effect of this is is you can never trust the data. Um, it's not what the person is actually working on. It's just the the latest copy that has been made. Um and that really cripples the the vast majority of of these pieces of software. Um and then the the third thing that uh you know we think of is really the the secret sauce of the product design um is is this uh sort of balance we've found uh between um you know being highly structured and and being completely unstructured uh that gives you a ton of versatility. So on on the one hand uh when you look at these these apps on one extreme you have u very niche products that implement a very specific methodology like you know agile or scrum um and you know perhaps for a specific vertical a lot of the task managers that are most popular actually specifically for software development um and these work really well for the projects that you want to use in that method and and the things that fit into that model but as soon as you want to break out of it you're you're stuck you have to go into something else and people try very hard to not be stuck. you know, I hear stories all the time about people who, you know, track tasks and bug trackers even though a bunch of the fields don't make sense and and things like this. Um, but ultimately it just it ends up being um, you know, really cumbersome. Uh, and then on the other hand, you you have completely unstructured things, which is actually what what most of the world does. They use, you know, Google Docs um or, you know, a master spread uh, master spreadsheet. That's your task list. Um, and and these are great because you can implement any process on it. Um, but you're losing all of the power of having um, you know, structured data, of having a database, of being able to search it in smart ways, being able to have different views for, you know, on the one hand the project team and they're they're in their team team meeting and and the other hand the the individual and they just want to look at the list of of the tasks assigned to them. Um, and ASA has really um, you know, found a sweet spot in between these extremes that gives you all of that power without losing the flexibility. And so when we see companies adopt, they end up um you know using a sauna for for every part of their business and you know for for all sorts of things you wouldn't even think of using task management software for um and uh and and that just makes it yeah much more powerful. &gt;&gt; So how's it going so far? &gt;&gt; Uh really great. um you know we we launched the uh you know as you said we we had a a bit longer of um you know sort of a pre prelude to the um to the beta and a lot of that was we were building a core technology Luna uh that allows us to uh implement the UI that has has the speed that I was talking about and we and we always saw that from the very beginning is is critical if it was too much friction wouldn't &gt;&gt; you still think that was the right move? Oh yeah, definitely. Uh it's it's paid off in spades now. Um I think our our um app among HTML sites is is really um you know, one of a kind. Um and uh so so yes, we spent um you know, a full year developing that technology. We spent another full year in a private beta um iterating towards an MVP. And as you said, there's there's been a lot of products before this. So people had very high expectations um and very you know sort of high requirements for for something they were willing to invest so much of their life into. Um and then November we launched um got uh you know enormously positive response um especially in the valley just a ton of companies have have gotten ramped up. we now have um you know teams from Twitter, LinkedIn um you know Pinterest um uh Ario um some teams from Kora um and it's just been you know really great seeing them get ramped up on the product. Um and just uh last week actually we did um we announced our our uh our our commercial product for the first time. So, so before we were marketing um you know just to these you know smaller teams um the product was working really well for them and now we feel we've gotten into a place where where it really works at scale and works for much larger teams. Um and the response from that has been you know gigantic you know in the past two weeks. Um you know we've grown as much as we've grown in the past you know two or three months even. Um and just seeing you know a ton of companies that are like okay great like uh it looks like um you know looks like other companies are are finding a lot of success with this. We can too. &gt;&gt; So, how many companies how many customers do you have now? How many users? What can you tell us number-wise? &gt;&gt; Uh, yeah. So, when we uh when we first launched the product in November, we had about um we had a couple hundred teams in that in that private beta uh representing thousands of users and now we've got um tens of thousands of of active workspaces. &gt;&gt; Wow. Um so, what's how do you calibrate success at ASA? because there's probably a lot of people who think no matter what you do, you're not going to ever eclipse Facebook. well, I feel like those are two different questions. [laughter] Uh, we certainly, um, yeah, I don't know if I would I would say it's calibrating success. I mean, we really do think of Asauna as having a similarly scoped mission. Um, and you know, in some ways, um, you know, it doesn't need to necessarily have the the reach on a population basis as as Facebook does. Um, but I think there's a plausible argument that it will one day as as, um, you know, the sort of market of knowledge workers expands and um, take uh, you know, takes on more of the economy. Um, but it's a it's a really big business idea. Um, it's something, you know, like I said, it's a it's a universal pain. Um, and it's something that just uh there there hasn't been progress in almost two decades, you know, really since email um in in changing the the way that that groups uh communicate, but it's it's super super important. Um, so if we can crack that nut, um, you know, we absolutely think it's a hundred billion dollar business or whatever price you might think Facebook is worth right now. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Um, how long do you think it takes? Enterprise usually takes a long time. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it it does definitely take longer. Um but uh hopefully not too long. I mean uh you know like I said we're we're trying to approach approach this with a with a very different um you know model. Um and we've even got uh a lot of aspects of the product product that um are sort of inherently viral. Um and there's uh you know frankly just the the media works very differently now and can can spread our message very quickly. And um you know uh the companies that are adopting are extremely enthusiastic. you know, if you look at our Twitter stream, you just, you know, see over and over again people who say it's, you know, revolutionized their business and are basically doing our marketing for us. Um, so I think, uh, you know, if the market were to recognize the value of this product, it it could happen, you know, very quickly. &gt;&gt; Excuse me. I want to talk a little bit about, um, founder dynamics because, you know, you've um, you've been a co-founder with two different companies and two very interesting personalities um, with both of those companies. Um, is there a similar dynamic between you and Justin that there was between you and Mark? you know, there's definitely some similarities. Uh, you know, I think in both cases um, we we really complement each other well. Um, you know, I think, uh, you know, both both Justin and Mark are, you know, very much, you know, sort of, you know, big product thinkers and and, uh, big idea people and, um, you know, uh, I think I think Sean has said this of himself before, but, it applies to both of them. They they sort of just like um, think of the world as it's going to be 10 years from now. And but that's actually just the assumptions they make about how it's operating today. And, &gt;&gt; um, you know, allows them to to sort of produce these elaborate product visions. Um, and I'm much more of a, you know, focused operator type and and can kind of, you know, get the business done, get the thing built. Um, and, you know, make sure we don't drop any balls. Um, and, uh, you know, those pairings work really well. Uh, you know, I Peter also, you know, mentioned that just like the the common trajectory for for these successful startups is to have um, you know, two founders instead of one and and said something along the lines of um, you know, that way they can kind of like bounce ideas off each other and keep things a little bit in check. So, you don't just like end off end up on some random path and that's definitely the role I play for Justin. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Where would he be? What planet would he be on now without you? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um but you know uh or or you know uh I always feel bad because you never know the counterfactual. I may have just been holding them both back all this all this [laughter] time. &gt;&gt; I'm sure that's not the case. Um, so what is your what is your advice for, you know, someone who's in college who has a good idea for a business who just doesn't know if they're on to something or not? Because not everything is going to, you know, obviously be Facebook. Very, very few things are going to be &gt;&gt; Um, how does someone know if they're on to something? How does someone know if they should drop out of school and take the risk that you guys did? how does somebody know if they're on to something? Uh, you know, I almost want to say if you're if you're unsure, you probably aren't. Um, at least in Facebook's case, it was just very very obvious. Um, and I think in Asana's case, uh, it's it's very very obvious. It's it's maybe not um as certain that like, you know, we'll be the ones who win, but it is certain that there's an important market here. Um, and we've stumbled on to the important pieces of it. Um but uh yeah, you know, I think I think you just have to, you know, believe so much in your idea that like the the alternative just is unfathomable. Like you just like you have to manifest it. Um and if you're thinking, well, you know, I staying in school sounds nice, too, then you should probably stay in school and and maybe, you know, a better idea will come along later. Um and I do think there's um you know talked about this before but I think um you know there are a lot of people who are sort of arriving at the idea you know first that they want to be an entrepreneur and that they want to drop out of school maybe and then they go looking for the idea and I I think that almost never works out. Um you know I really think um you know you uh the the only reason you should become an entrepreneur is because that's the only way the idea will come into the world. What do you think about the now why combinator now accepts people who are just great people and they'll figure out the idea later? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that's really wrong. &gt;&gt; Um I &gt;&gt; Well, yeah, I mean I would just say one one more thing on that. I mean it's it's not just um you know bad for for that person. they might be might be wasting some of their time, but I actually think it's really bad for the ecosystem where there's a lot of um there's a lot of really great people um uh and instead of you know joining and working on one of the the bigger projects like you know uh Facebook or Dropbox or Core one of these companies that is um you know already sort of proven an idea and you know an engineer is very clearly leveraged um you know they're instead sort of you know chasing something that doesn't exist yet. Um, and I think this is, uh, you know, rational a lot of ways, but but especially from a financial perspective, um, where it's really clear from where we're sitting now that, you know, the hundth engineer at Facebook did way better than the vast majority of, you know, even really good entrepreneurs in the valley, &gt;&gt; right? Um, I just want to come talk about a couple more things, then I want to open up for questions. So, um, there's a microphone there and I believe there's one in the back of the room. If, um, some people want to start making their way to them, um, that would be awesome. I should say by the way uh did really well financially and had more impact which is actually the part I think is more important &gt;&gt; right um so one question that we like to ask people that Peter does too um is what's the one thing you believe that no one else believes what is it for you &gt;&gt; um yeah I I thought about this uh &gt;&gt; you knew it was coming &gt;&gt; yeah [laughter] &gt;&gt; um I didn't necessarily &gt;&gt; this is the problem with actually live streaming this talk &gt;&gt; yeah uh didn't necessarally necessarily come up with um too many great answers, but the ones that will at least be the most controversial [laughter] um you know, one is uh you know, like Bill Gates, I I really believe that um you know, nuclear power generation is is a necessary uh part of our future and I think that's &gt;&gt; pretty contrarian among a lot of um uh you know, especially uh environmental activists and and I actually um just have come to truly feel like that's um as as long as it can be done safely, that's actually going to be the thing that's going to be by far the the cleanest environmentally um and the most sustainable. Um and uh part of this is just a um an assumption that we will have very big power consumption needs and ever increasing. Um and I think that you know trying to match renewable energy with uh you know sort of conservation and trying to call back some of the energy use it seems like a losing proposition to me. &gt;&gt; Uhhuh. Um, I also want to talk about what you're doing with philanthropy. um you and your fiance are working on a foundation and in the past in Silicon Valley certainly in the late 1990s there were a lot of people who made a lot of money but &gt;&gt; you know either kind of just didn't know where to start with philanthropy because it happened to them so quickly and they weren't sort of born into this society you know family money or they just um you know they felt like kind of the Warren Buffett thing of I'm better I'm smarter at managing this money until I'm 90 and it'll be even bigger and then you know when I'm one foot in the grave I'll have more to give you. How did how did you think about getting so active in it so early? &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is actually a great follow on to the last question because the the only other answer I was considering saying is uh that I you know I believe poverty is a solvable problem and that it will be solved in the very near term. Um and and that's basically the answer to why get started now. Uh &gt;&gt; near-term meaning &gt;&gt; uh 30 years. Um so you know why get started now? The banter is basically um if you can find quality ways to apply the capital against the problem, the good it does also compounds. Um if you actually can get uh you know people to a level of sustainability um you know those communities can thrive and then you know you don't need more money later on to you know help the the pe um you know a larger population of people that have that have grown up in poverty poverty. Um and then you know the other answer is is I'm fortunate enough to have um you know a really great partner in Carrie uh that's able to um to think about this full-time um and is you know more than qualified to do it just you know brilliant probably smarter than me in a lot of ways um and uh and that allows us you know that allows me to to focus on the sauna while we also uh you know learn about this and and another you know another important part of it is just um you know we basically intend to to fully spend the capital when we were thinking about giving away money uh at that kind of volume, you we need to start learning now, &gt;&gt; It'll take us it'll take us a decade just to get to, you know, sort of full capacity. &gt;&gt; What do you mean you intend to fully spend the capital? &gt;&gt; Uh as in I don't intend to amass capital and then leave it to a new, you know, another generation. Um you know, I expect not to have it by the time we get to the end of our lives. &gt;&gt; Wow, that's that's a lot of capital out &gt;&gt; Yes. [laughter] more in a few weeks. &gt;&gt; Um, all right. Let's, um, let's take a few questions. Oh, sorry. I have one more just before you guys go. Um, I heard from Kim, who's our video producer, who used to be at Forbes, that you recently went to, you flew to meet with Bill Gates, and then you were flying back and there was a Forbes reporter there, and she saw you in line to check in on Virgin America and Coach. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Do you still fly coach? &gt;&gt; Um, I do as often as possible. Um yeah, you know, it's funny this this came up um on uh on Facebook. Uh you know, somebody was kind of commenting on, you know, Mark plays it both ways. He leads this really austere life, but he also flies in a private jet. And one of the Facebook employees commented, "Oh, this is actually like a security concern and he like needs to do that and it would be, you know, fiscally irresponsible not to." Uh and I thought that was uh pretty insightful and um something I'm thinking about more now. But uh luckily my security needs are much less than than Marks and uh hasn't been a problem and and uh you know I specifically said uh the article specifically said you know I fly coach on Virgin which I consider to be as good as first class on most of the other airlines. [laughter] &gt;&gt; um Paul Carlo's girlfriend is is a flight attendant on Virgin. So I'll have to ask her to start eavesdropping on your conversations and get some news. &gt;&gt; Um all right so let's get to some questions. Go ahead. &gt;&gt; Hi. Um so I would like to know what are the biggest differences and the challenges by working in a consumer focused company and a business focused company that we're working now with ASA. &gt;&gt; Um sure. Uh well so you know one thing I always like to point out is um we try to ignore the the fact that we're an enterprise company and and as much as we can uh you know treat it like a consumer company. So um we get to have some sort of uh willful dissonance at times but also just get to get to make it feel a lot more like a consumer company and um you know one of the more most important ways is uh that you know people we know are are actually using the product and [snorts] and I think that's that's often a challenge for for the other enterprise companies. I've talked to a lot of people um they have trouble recruiting uh because engineers don't want to work on a product that uh is going to end up serving you know a finance team in some big company and and you know they can't identify with the user at all um and so that that's typically a challenge for sure um for us you know there are certainly many challenges uh you know I think uh you know we tell this story about um you know people we know are using it. We like to say uh enterprise customers are early consumers at work. Um but it's still a challenge for us to actually get that across and I think the the most common way we we lose candidates ourselves is um they you know either they want to you know start a company uh or they want to join one of the consumer companies because they um they feel like they identify with that better. Um there's also just uh much higher um expectations from your customers uh when they're when this is really driving their business. uh if it goes down that's gigantic problem for them. They need to have you know extremely extremely good stability. Um yeah, I'll I'll think about that. Maybe I'll add another one. &gt;&gt; All right, we're going to go over here now. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Hi Dustin. Uh quick question. So since I'm limited to just one question, I just want to know um at Burning Man we had a cooler and apparently you were pegged as the one who stole it and left with it. So, we just want to know, you know, when we could expect to get it back or if you'll be at the next one. &gt;&gt; He's about to come into some money. I don't know if &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I guess &gt;&gt; any afford. &gt;&gt; Did you steal the cooler? &gt;&gt; Yeah, apparently. &gt;&gt; What color was it? &gt;&gt; It was white. It was a white one. &gt;&gt; But, uh, were you in our camp or like &gt;&gt; No, no, you I mean, I guess I guess you came over to our camp and &gt;&gt; and steal a cooler. I &gt;&gt; I don't know what to say. That seems implausible to me. [laughter] It's a good story. Dustin Mus with Solar Cooler. &gt;&gt; All right, go ahead. &gt;&gt; All right. Um, what was your one major takeaway or lesson from Facebook that has influenced your actions with your current venture? &gt;&gt; Uh, yeah, I think the um the the most important one I think is uh is is being extremely missionoriented and in a you know, focused way. the the thing that I think is is best about Facebook is is basically that they they all build one product. Um and the whole company is aligned towards that single mission. Uh and it really um yeah just permeates everywhere through the culture and um you know I think makes them a lot better at it. They enjoy it a lot more. Um makes for a better company. &gt;&gt; Over here. &gt;&gt; Hi, I'm David Murphy, founder of Telegram. And first of all, congratulations Sarah for what you put together. I've come up here from LA for this. It's awesome. And uh Dustin, just want to ask you, I saw uh you invested in Nation Builder last month. Are you going to be doing a lot more angel investing perhaps after the IPO as well? &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, I'm glad you you asked that question actually. Um so I I don't do very much angel investing at all. Um what I actually have a a side fund or sort of an an angel fund with with uh that Dave Morren manages called Slow Ventures. Um and it's actually uh Slow Ventures that did the investment in Nation Builder and people kind of you know figured out who the um uh the people behind it were. Uh and and that's the you know the vast majority of of investments that um you know I I think of of mine are really uh you know teams I've never met uh products I haven't evaluated. You know Dave's really managing that. The only exceptions are um people I have a a very close existing relationship with. you know, invested in Kora, invested in in Cove, which sold to Dropbox, um, you know, uh, invested in PATH, of course. Um, so those are and and basically my thought process there is I'm going to be talking to them and advising them about their companies anyway. Um, you know, may as well be a part of it. Uh, but, uh, you know, I really intend to be focused 110% on a sauna and and, you know, don't intend to, you know, sort of be taking a lot of pitches or anything like that. So why do this side fund just because you you want to give back some to entrepreneurs. I mean let his angels are involved because they want to be mentors and they want to &gt;&gt; um yeah I mean partially you know it's fun to you know be able to be a part of some of these other things. I think uh going into it I thought I might be a little more involved than than I am in practice. Um it's also just nice for uh companies I do want to support that aren't my very closest friends. you know, I can just uh introduce them to Dave and um you know, often they're uh you know, people I've I've met a bunch of times already and have some sort of relationship with and um you know, I'm able to just say uh you know, I'm not an angel investor, but this this is a fund that would uh you know, you'd be uh it'd be good for you to have. &gt;&gt; And how big is it? &gt;&gt; Uh it's very it's very small. It's just like um like a million dollars in management or something. &gt;&gt; That's big for me, by the way. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but by VC standards, it's small. And it and it's more than just Dave and I. It's actually like uh six people. Um so &gt;&gt; interesting. But you're the only LP &gt;&gt; or the money in it. &gt;&gt; It's um everybody puts money into it and and Dave does all the hard work. It's really great situation for us. Really? &gt;&gt; He also has a job. &gt;&gt; I know. I really don't know how he does it. Um I'm I'm really shocked at the number of deals he's been able to do so far. &gt;&gt; How many deals have they done? &gt;&gt; Oh, I don't know the uh the number offhand, but I something like 15 to 20. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. Okay, great. Good question. I knew none of that. A lot of &gt;&gt; deals. Greg Godman, Angel Hack, nice to meet you, Dustin. Uh, now I can attest that you do ride coach because you met one of my best friends a couple years ago on Coach, which he still talks about. &gt;&gt; Did he steal anything? &gt;&gt; Uh, not that I've heard of, but I mean, you know, it's a plane ride. Peanuts. Uh, tell us about your API and how you see that accelerating your growth in a sauna. &gt;&gt; Uh, sure. Yeah. So um you know part of the other news for Sauna is right right before the commercial launch uh we opened up our our rest API for the first time um and that that's the beginning of a a much longer platform vision. Uh but where we see it helping uh in in the short term is basically so that um uh companies can do a better job integrating with um integrating with their other workflows, integrating with other tools. One of the funny things about task management is most other um enterprise apps like have a t a little task manager built in. So if you use like a code review tool for example, you know, people are sending you dips to review. Um if you're using like, you know, sort of HR review system, you've got to do like your peer reviews and stuff and you end up with kind of a queue of these these uh things to do. Um and I think there are a lot of really natural uh integrations with the sauna where instead of them, you know, fully implementing a new task manager, they can just generate tasks through our API. Um and you can end up with a really close relationship between the two products. Do you see that building on to like some kind of like social graph of like different project managers working with each other on on different things from different companies and like maybe collaboration like that? &gt;&gt; Uh I I do see that um you know I think uh even just parts of the the product enable that without having to leverage the API. You know we have guest accounts. Um it's really easy to um you know create a project that's shared with with um uh you know people outside your organization. So for example, we have uh we have a set of products uh projects that we organize with our our PR firm. Um and it's just like very natural collaboration. Um but uh you know certainly the API will help in as much as um you know there there are just other tools involved in getting your work done. &gt;&gt; Hi Dustin. Uh my name is Nathan Bansal and I'm a co-founder with svangelconnect.com which is a incubator for companies in uh the different geos. Uh my question to you is like what brings the startups to Silicon Valley despite a high tax rate and especially for companies like yours like Asa and all which are very well established and they don't need any more investors. So what makes you stick to this place rather than going to a low tax place like Nevada or Texas or even going offshore? &gt;&gt; Um yeah, there's a I think a really easy answer to that which is just the the talent pool here is is unprecedented. It's just an enormous concentration of uh you know very bright minds. Um and that creates a a positive feed feedback loop that's that's going to keep going where you know more smart people want to come here because they're other smart people. Um, I also just uh personally really love California and think it's beautiful here and want to live here for my entire life. So I couldn't imagine uh you know moving to another state to optimize for taxes. &gt;&gt; Hey Justin, um there seem to be a number of companies that are approaching this collaboration space from like different beach heads. So Box from files, say Yammer from social, Asa from task management. Do you think they're all kind of headed into the same thing and they're going to start entering each other's markets? You think they're going to start competing with each other as they all start to do each other's features? &gt;&gt; Um, it's an interesting question. Uh, you know, there there's sort of a shortrun answer and a long run answer. Um, and uh, you know, the long run answer is, you know, you can divide the world up into several large markets. Uh, you know, uh, enterprise and and social and maybe mobile or something like that. And on a long enough time frame, if they're if the companies get big enough, inevitably they compete. Um, in the short run, um, I think of those as as very different services. Uh we actually you know we have a Dropbox team account that we use very regularly and uh has a pretty distinct um you know pretty distinct purpose from what we use ASA for and and we're considering uh you know doing integrations uh with some of those services and uh you know get asked by our users all the time and and we really think of them as as complimentary. &gt;&gt; Hi Chris Anderson, co-founder of Breezy. Um, my question is, you were talking about how to make the enterprise space more sexy and it was flipping the sales user acquisition model on its head going from the bottom up and I thought of Yammer and I was just curious early on if there are other companies or companies that you look to now that are doing that really well or how you plan on really accelerating that with ASA. &gt;&gt; Yeah, companies that are doing that well. Um, you know, I cert you know, I think Dropbox is a good example. Um, &gt;&gt; Atlassian, I don't think they have any salespeople in their &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; towards going public soon. &gt;&gt; they have no no sales people really. They must have some. &gt;&gt; None at all. They I've looked for them. They tell me they don't. I've scoured the company. &gt;&gt; Um, yeah. Well, that that's a great example. Uh, Survey Monkey is often brought up in this uh in this context. Um, and I think the the really uh big example is is uh Google Apps where you know Gmail is is the product that you know hundreds of millions of maybe it's not quite that high but it's pretty high. Hundreds of millions of consumers use um and that's a a leadin for their enterprise products. Um that's certainly how we purchased it. &gt;&gt; Okay, great. Hi, I'm Chloe and I use a sauna with my startup and several other startups I know have tried out a sauna and none of us are very big fan and so I've been wondering is there a tipping point do you feel in the team size that leads to a greater adoption or to retention on the usage of your product because my team's like four people and I know other teams that are quite small and most of them are not totally um extremely enthusiastic although everybody was dying to try it and I just wondered if there was like a tipping point and how you figure out which customers really like adopt it heavily and become you know fanatical about it and which ones sort of drop out. Um I have many questions about your organization that would make me able to answer that easier but I don't think we found you know any sort of m uh magic sweet spot. There are plenty of teams that are only two people that are uh you know really really huge evangelists of the product. There are actually plenty of people who use it individually just as a personal task manager. Um, and uh, you know, I probably would have guessed that a fourperson team, you know, would absolutely find success. Um, yeah, I'd be I'd be curious to to learn more about where it's failing you or what you're doing now. &gt;&gt; Can you say in like a sentence what you wish it did that it didn't do or &gt;&gt; I think the UI could be uh made easier. I think it can be a little bit complicated as far as adding projects and assigning tasks, especially if you're within the project to just be able to add a task faster. um and keep it within that same field instead of having to al continually choose or if you could add like pre-population of guessing that I tend to assign this team member who's a developer this um code task and so I don't have to always pick every other field. Um, the other thing would be awesome if there was either Dropbox integration or an integration where I can assign like a file um, location or URL to this um, asset that I'm uploading so that I'm not constantly like putting things in multiple places and then also having to re-upload the asset. I can't really share things easily with my team. And I think that's the hardest part about it is like, you know, you we might assign a to-do item in there, but we still have to share everything else everywhere else. Does that make sense? uh [laughter] a longer sentence &gt;&gt; except until the very last part. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, it's like if I could at least just even assign like here's the file, but I don't if I upload it to a song, I mean, I can write it as a note, but it'd be a little bit easier if it was integrated stronger so that like someone could just follow the file path and it was, you know, &gt;&gt; um yeah, so I mean a lot a lot of what you described is our is our future roadmap. Um um you know certainly we think a lot about uh making it easier to use and and getting people um you know to be able to ease into the product um you know faster. Uh and um yeah I mean a lot of the yeah unfortunately like a lot a lot of the things you described I do know the I know ways you can use the product that will feel a lot quicker for you. Um I won't I won't get into them now but I I basically I think the lesson is we need to expose those and make them more obvious for users. Man, I She's wearing a path shirt. I thought this was like a plant of yours in the audience who is gonna ask a really nice question. And she's asked the hardest question. Um, all right. &gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely not a plant. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I got an easier. &gt;&gt; Can we get one of our customers that love us up here now? [laughter] &gt;&gt; In fact, I know there's at least one in the audience. So, I &gt;&gt; How are you so awesome? &gt;&gt; Kenny, find him. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I got an easier question. My name is Wen. I'm wondering if you have a view on preipo trading on platforms like shares post or second market and how that affects the industry. any any particular aspect or just in well about that in general? &gt;&gt; I mean it obvious Facebook was one of the you know the company that sort of redefined secondary markets early liquidity for employees must have affected &gt;&gt; yeah you know I think uh like many things it it has pros and cons. Um, you know, I think there's a lot of value in, uh, you know, finding ways to get early liquidity for employees that have been with a company for a long time. Um, especially if you're going to be on like a Facebook length IPO track. Um, and you know, in some ways it it helps with, you know, the golden handcuffs problem and and people can leave when they want to. And I think that's absolutely what what should happen. You know, nobody should be working at a company just because they're stuck there financially. Um, and but at the same time, uh, it's sort of a a version zero. And I think it's, um, it's a bit of a, you know, elephant in the china shop or mixing metaphors. Yeah. [laughter] &gt;&gt; it would also be bad if an elephant were in a &gt;&gt; Yeah, that would be much worse, frankly. Um and and it causes a lot of a lot of complications for companies especially around um you know fair market uh value pricing of their stock and um that is materially bad for for the companies and for the other employees of the of the company in many cases and um you know causes a ton of friction. &gt;&gt; Do you have restrictions around if people are able like how do you plan on doing it differently with a sauna? Do you plan on doing it differently not allowing people to trade stocks? any other rules you would put in place that Facebook didn't? &gt;&gt; Um, can I get a sidebar to see if I should answer that question? [laughter] Uh, we we we have some restrictions in place. Yeah. And I think that's going to going to basically become the standard. Um, I I do think um, you know, like I said, I think uh, liquidity is important for employees and and companies should take measures to um, to make sure that's available. Uh, but at the same time, they should also take measures to to control how that happens. &gt;&gt; Okay, we have one more question. Hi. &gt;&gt; One more guy here. Maybe two more and then I have a couple more and then we'll let Sky go. &gt;&gt; Lucky me. Uh JPAP from Snappy Labs. Uh one of the things uh that I was really intrigued by uh Dustin was uh when you said that you were in a private beta for a full 12 months uh and another year of development before that. So really a 12-mon cycle which I guess is typical for a lot of enterprise development. Um but you contrast that with what Facebook's been doing. In some sense, there's been a a conscious effort to break things to release on a more rigorous uh and and uh faster time cycle. Uh and really Facebook was consumer and now you're all about uh enterprise. Do you do you see do do you see a convergence with uh enterprise and consumer where there's a really quick turnaround where you're incorporating user feedback like what you got tonight uh in some sense more quickly uh because enterprise has been typically this long time cycle this long investment whereas consumers been trying to get a big user grab as quickly as possible. &gt;&gt; Uh yeah so I'm I'm glad I I get the chance to clarify this but uh at ASA we we push code every day. Um the same was true in the private beta. So the the people that were there were um you know getting very high response from us. Um and uh it was just a question of of when we wanted to expose the product to to a larger group of of people. Um and and a lot of that to us was just uh you know we knew that we would get uh you know I I think ASA was special in this way but we knew we were going to get a lot more attention than um you know some other startup that that was introducing a product would on their first day. Uh so it was really important to us that we didn't squander um that opportunity and made sure that we had a product that was going to have high retention um and high adoption and and we were able to measure that in in the private beta. Um but we we produce product very very rapidly. Um, we actually, um, in the past three weeks have done, uh, I think four major product releases and we actually have, uh, three more on deck that are really gonna going to change the product, make it a lot better, uh, that are going to happen in the next four or five weeks and I don't think there are any other enterprise software companies that move that quickly. &gt;&gt; Great. All right, last question. &gt;&gt; I kind of have a follow-up question in that regard. So about engineering, software engineering and and culture of software engineers. Um I think Facebook originally did not have a high reputation as being a you know solid tech company as far as engineering goes. Like maybe it's a little flaky, right? And now it [snorts] has a I think a very high reputation and it sounds like with Asana you've kind of got that out of the gate. So from your perspective, I was curious about how you see engineers working with engineers. How do you actually build a team that can build that kind of software and actually make it solid? And there's a big difference between companies that do that well and companies that do not do that well. &gt;&gt; Um yeah, I mean I think the answer is uh you do it very carefully and and like I said slowly. Um, you know, I think, um, a large part of of why I think Facebook had the bad reputation is is frankly because I was the CTO at the beginning and didn't know how to program. Um, and we made a lot of mistakes and I think a lot of them can be, you know, traced directly back to me. Um, we also, uh, when we were first hiring, um, you know, ended up hiring a lot of college students because those are the people that most loved the product, most wanted to work there. um it was easy to hire them when you're uh a new company. Um they were cheaper to pay. Um and they and they were more inexperienced. uh they happen to also be you know phenomenally talented and I think uh especially you know Matt Kohler gets credit for just uh immediately especially uh engineers like five through 20 were just you know incredible like uh most of them have gone on to you are either uh directors of engineering at Facebook now or started their own companies um and they just needed a few years of experience to to become a top team but they you know they had the talent um and with ASA it's just uh you know about having the will and um you know being very careful full with every single hire. Uh we probably interview about um you know 50 engineers before before we make an offer. Um and that takes a lot of discipline. We put a lot of time into it um and make sure that the the ones that join the team are um you know at the right bar and then we put a lot of time into making them successful once they get there. &gt;&gt; Okay. What do you think was your biggest contribution at Facebook? I mean, if you feel like you weren't the ideal CTO, which is assuming somewhat self-deprecating, there's many good things you did. But but overall, looking back on it, you know, I I I know Peter told me that when he first met with Mark and they signed the funding paperwork and they kind of shook hands afterwards, Peter's advice for Mark was just don't it up. &gt;&gt; And it's safe to say he didn't. But how did how did you help him just not it up? yeah, I mean I think uh it just goes back to what we were talking about with the founder dynamics. Um where you know I'm I'm just really good at at tracking a lot of details. Um and you know making sure that we have consistent progress and consistent quality across the board. Um so well maybe not quality in the very beginning but [laughter] uh you know just making sure that that all of the things happened. like I really do feel like um especially in the first six months um if if I wasn't the one doing it, we weren't going to expand. Um and so that that was probably, you know, my biggest contribution is is uh is is just pushing it, I guess. &gt;&gt; All right, two final questions. Um I don't know if you remember, but the night that you saw the Facebook movie, I ran into you at the homestead because I live in the mission and you work in the mission, &gt;&gt; right? and you had just seen the movie and I hadn't seen it yet, but I definitely heard a lot of hand ringing about it from people at Facebook and you seem much less angsty than a lot of people that I talked to and um and I and it occurred to me that of everything that was being said about the movie um you were really one of the only people or maybe the only person that actually was there from dorm room through it becoming a real company, right? Other than Mark. &gt;&gt; Other than &gt;&gt; other than Mark. So, and you're, you know, outside the company at this point. You don't necessarily have, you know, shareholder pressure to have an image for the company. So, it occurred to me you were probably the most unbiased person who actually was there who could actually say how flawed was this movie? And I and you had a good sense of humor about the time. So, I asked you, you know, okay, so what percentage inaccurate was it? Was it maybe 75% accurate and inaccurate? And you laughed and you said, oh, it's 95% complete Um, what was the thing when you watched the movie that just gled you the most or you just thought was like unnecessarily inaccurate? I mean, other than the fact that you were barely in the movie, &gt;&gt; I have a very clear answer to that, which is uh basically the um the the motivation they gave Mark of like um you know, showing up this this ex this girl who had you know, scorned him and um you know, he was he was presented as this totally, you know, unlovable character that was never going to get a girlfriend again in the future. And all of this was about um you know, sort of reconciling that and his identity. Um, and that was just, you know, horribly unfair and horribly inaccurate. Um, you know, he he uh started dating Priscilla, I think before we started Facebook. It was like in between Face Mash and Facebook and been, you know, they're going to get married now. And [laughter] um, and it just seemed uh, you know, a lot of the other sort of aspects of of uh, his personality, the way it was portrayed were um, you know, derivations of of that uh, sort of characteristic and just seemed really unfair. I mean, like I said when when you asked me about when I first met Mark, he's he's personable. He's likable. &gt;&gt; Um, you know, he cracks joke jokes all the time. Um, and uh just the the sort of demonization just I don't know uh seem seem to go sort of beyond the politic license. &gt;&gt; Um, last question. This is what we always end with. So, &gt;&gt; okay. &gt;&gt; You may know it's coming. &gt;&gt; I didn't watch the end so I don't &gt;&gt; Oh, thank God. [laughter] So, um, what would be &gt;&gt; This is why I asked you how long it is. just kept going. &gt;&gt; I know it does keep going. It does keep going [laughter] and yet people are still here. &gt;&gt; Um, in fact, I don't know what we're going to do next. We We clearly have more people because we could barely walk to the stage. I don't know. I think there's gonna be a double decker here next month. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um, so &gt;&gt; if you could have any mediocre superpower in the world, &gt;&gt; mediocre super examples. So Peter Peters was very good. Um, so Amanda, our PO list editor, who came up with this question, hers is that she wishes she would never be cold getting out of the shower. She really hates being cold out shower. Peter's was when he's 10 minutes from his office and late for a meeting. The ability to instantly beam into the office. &gt;&gt; I can't remember what Dave's was. Sorry. I don't think we'd come up with it by the time Dave did it. &gt;&gt; Oh man, I'm sure. &gt;&gt; Oh, we had a great one the other day on the site, which was we do them for the the people lists that we do. A guy said an ability an ability to temporarily temporarily remove his arm while spooning with a girl. [laughter] &gt;&gt; You know there's a bed for that. You like uh sleep. Um &gt;&gt; this is really tricky. I'm sure like I'm going to go home and immediately think of something really clever. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Oh man. Um &gt;&gt; not leaving until you come up with something. &gt;&gt; Oh, really? [laughter] You should have watched the whole Peter Teal video. &gt;&gt; Oh man, this is difficult. &gt;&gt; You can help me out. [laughter] What do I complain about a lot? &gt;&gt; Okay, that that'll be good. Um &gt;&gt; Oh, man. &gt;&gt; We did notice I did notice I was writing a post about you and I was looking for a picture. Your hair is only two lengths. It is either here or it is. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh that's &gt;&gt; I think this is a superpower. &gt;&gt; It grows grows extremely fast. I mean it is it is uh something that would be a big improvement on my life. &gt;&gt; So just maybe constantly trimmed hair. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but that sounds not good enough. Um, I you know, one thing that's really just been annoying me lately, as much as I love California, I would really love the ability to turn off the wind sometimes. Uh, you know, I I commute to work on a bike and just, uh, you know, when it's cold and just super windy. You know how sometimes just the crazy gusts come up? Uh, it's just really ruins my day. I get to work and like my my rhythm's thrown off for the entire entire rest of the cycle. [laughter] &gt;&gt; All right. Turning off the wind. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm going to go with that one. Turning off the wind. &gt;&gt; Part time playing God with with with weather. [laughter] Just locally. Just locally. Maybe like a giant bubble that could follow me around. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. That's mediocre in the in the grand sense of controlling the weather. I'll I'll allow it. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Um Okay. So, next month um we've got uh Ben Horowitz. Um which is your other investor. You've been sandwiched between Peter and Ben, your two investors. &gt;&gt; They're both brilliant. &gt;&gt; Yes. And what should we ask Ben? Because he won't watch till the end of yours. &gt;&gt; Uh what should you ask Ben? um you know I' I'd love to hear him uh you know talk more about the the sort of bottoms up uh enterprise sales distribution [clears throat] model um you know I think uh been to some degree is is is the contrarian uh among our advisers there um but I think there's there's just been you know sort of a evermounting body of evidence and uh in favor of a changing tide there and I'd be interested to get his his updated perspective &gt;&gt; will you actually watch will you watch till the I will definitely &gt;&gt; do I have to hold that question till the end? &gt;&gt; Um All right. So, next month we've got um we've got Ben Horowits. We're also launching in New York um later this month. Um so, if you're going to be in New York, we would love for you to come there. If you're a season passholder, we'll let you come for free to New York if you're in New York or pass it to a friend. Um we'll have more on the site about that. And um huge thanks to everyone for coming and huge thanks to Dustin Mosfititz. [applause] You're done. &gt;&gt; [music]
