---
ticker: ASAN
type: youtube
title: "Asana Launch Interview"
channel: "TechCrunch"
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qIdYDbEjp0M
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 12654
---

# Asana Launch Interview

## 视频信息
- **频道**: TechCrunch
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qIdYDbEjp0M

## 转录全文

Hey, this is Jason Concincade with Techrunch TV and we're here with the founders of Asana. We've got Dustin Moskovitz and Justin Rosenstein and both of you, thank you so much for taking time out of I'm sure this is an incredibly busy day for you. I know you launched today to the public. Uh, so thank you. Um, so the first thing I want to ask you guys, and this is something that I think has been on everyone's mind really since since they heard that both of you left Facebook. you guys left in late 2008 uh when Facebook has has really been gaining a ton of momentum for years now, but but back then, you know, my understanding that's when things were really really taking off and you guys left. So, so what was the spark? What made you guys say, you know, we really need to go start this new company? Yeah, that's a great question. Um and Facebook was a place that obviously we're both super excited about and passionate about and we're doing really interesting things there. Um, and it it was in the course of doing those interesting things that we just really in our own experiences as leaders. I was an engineering manager at the time and Dustin was a VP of engineering. just constantly felt this friction and overhead of coordination, especially as team leads, just spending a huge amount of time making sure that everyone had the information they needed, that everyone was on the same page, coordinating status meetings and writing status emails and getting everyone together. And even individual contributors, super talented people who are working on these really important projects were just spending too much of their time not doing the things that they were really great at, but doing what we call work about work, right? Yeah. Write writing these little messages to make sure everyone knew what they had done recently and when they completed something, making sure the handoff went well. Um, and got really frustrated by that. And Dustin, my my understanding is that you guys you built tools internally for Facebook. Um, what were you guys using before then? I mean, was this because I'm sure there are there are more there are productivity apps out there before you built your own tools. What were you using before then? What were the pitfalls uh that prompted you to build your own tools? Uh, yeah, like most companies uh we talked to about Asauna, we were primarily just using, you know, email and word docs and sort of uh, you know, passing around uh, you know, th those kind of unstructured artifacts. Um, and we made some attempts at using some of the existing project management tools, but they they all sort of suffer from this common problem of of just uh, you know, just being slightly too cumbersome to use and imposing too much friction uh, into your flow such that you don't end up using them as uh, the primary way you organize yourself. Um, so as a result of that, it's really hard to get adoption from the team to use it for for collaborative uh, project management. uh you basically just end up in this situation where a project manager perhaps your your direct managers is going around and sort of guilt- tripping you into synchronizing your your personal repository of tasks uh into the centralized system. Um and that was definitely the experience we had at Facebook. You know, we had wikis and we had some task trackers and and they were just never up to date. And and this is the experience we've been hearing the customers have over and over again is that you know we're getting early adopters into our or had early adopters coming into our early beta program and even they the vast vast majority were still using these low tech solutions like email and notebooks and in-person meetings and even when they tried adopting more complex sophisticated project management software it typically just uh ended up sitting on the shelf because it was just too cumbersome for people to really use it day in and day out and as a result you could never really trust the information that was in and we'll say that you know that the big exception to that has been a sauna. So for the productivity software that's out there today there's been a trend over the last couple years uh largely started by Facebook I think to to incorporate sort of these social features. Um and obviously these products are different from what the productiv productivity software would have looked like three or four years ago. But what are the pitfalls in in this more modern set of software? I know you guys were saying it's cumbersome. Um what what are some of the issues around interacting with people through these networks, having these personal profiles? I know we've spoken before about this. Uh and and why do you decide not to make social something that's really core to a sauna? Yeah, we often joke if Facebook for the enterprise is what businesses had needed, we would have stayed at Facebook. Um and and there are companies that are taking that exact approach. But the way we think about it is that there are these two big parts of a person's life that bring meaning. There's your personal life where you're trying to where you're forming relationships with other people and trying to and where the focus really is on people. And then there's this work part of your life where the focus is on working with other people in order to create things. And then the personal part of your life which is about relationships. Social is exactly what you want. Social puts people at the center of the graph and everything all the relationships and metadata is around those people. But when it comes to work, it's not the people are are important, but the thing that you want to put at the center of the graph and the thing that ASA puts at the center of the graph is tasks, which are these tasks are the atomic units of work, those individual building blocks. And really, any great effort, whether you're building a giant piece of software or building a a skyscraper or creating a film, whatever it is, always comes down to taking these big ambitions and breaking them down into those individual steps that need to be accomplished to get from here to there. and then managing who's going to work on what, tracking all the conversations, tracking all the files, tracking all the people around those individual items of work um in one place. So, aside from the fact that you guys are focusing on on the unit of work as opposed to social, are there any other features, any other things you guys have focused on that do help differentiate it further from the rest of the pack? Because there are a lot of other tools out there that while they may incorporate some social features, they also do have tasks and projects and so on. So wondering if there's anything else that you guys have have been sure to focus on. Yeah, definitely. This is a nut people have been trying to crack for a long time and and there are literally hundreds of tools out there to help, but they all fail in at least one of a few important regards. I think we've gotten really right in Asauna. ASA is really fast. It's very versatile. Um, and it works not only for groups but for individuals. So in terms of speed, this something you point out in the article, just you have this very visceral sense using it. And that comes down to because we've spent a lot of time almost an obsessive level of attention on on the product side making sure everything you want to do takes the minimum number of keystrokes the minimum number of clicks to get done what you want to do and on the technology side really investing in the our Luna architecture which creates this very different kind of experience where it lives in a web browser and yet has the responsiveness of a desktop app while at the same time being real time. So I can see changes you're making, you know, down to the second, down to the keystroke. And then in terms of versatility, while a lot of tools out there will force you into one particular format for how you're going to manage your projects and manage your tasks, ASA basically gives you all sorts of different ways that you can layer whatever process works best for you onto the tool. And so we have customers using it for everything from simple to-do lists to really complex projects, even for things you wouldn't normally think of as project management, but which do consist of a series of tasks like lightweight CRM um as an applicant tracking system. And then the third thing is it being for individuals is that what we see is that if it's a tool that's just supposed to be the canonical place for groups, but people end up using sticky notes when they're actually keeping themselves organized, you still have to guilt trip people into going and yeah, updating that wiki, updating that repository. But ASA in addition to being great for group collaboration, we think is the best individual task manager out there. And so what you see when you go to customer sites is in addition to email, Asauna or maybe their calendar, but there's only a couple things and ASA is one of them that people are keeping open day in and day out all the time. They use it to keep themselves organized and it means that you can really trust it as the source of truth when it comes time that you want to collaborate with people. And you know, you pointed this out in your article too, but especially on that first point, it's something you really only realize when when you actually use use the app and get to feel it. you know, our customers don't say, "We're using a sauna over these other things because, you know, your following feature is great or something like that." They say, "It just feels fast. It feels like the thing I want to use." And fast not just in that click to click, but in the general way that it facilitates you just know what you want to do and you can get things done sort of at the speed of thought. And so, you just you just mentioned a bunch of possible use cases. And this is something that I experienced a little bit when I first tried it out. um when you've gotten this many possibilities, there can be a risk that people don't know where to start. So, how are you guys making sure that that people kind of get baby stepped into the into how to use a sauna best? And I know there are the videos, are those the the key way you're going to do it? Are you going to expand on that? I know on Facebook, for example, you log into the site and you've got these hover over things that you are forced to look at multiple times. Um so, what are you thinking along those lines? So, we actually have a little bit of that, too. I think uh your accounts um it actually existed since before this week, but new users who are trying it today are getting a little bit more of a a walk through there. Um and then we also have a bunch of supplementary materials on our website and uh and a really nice help site on assistly as well. And those videos are just the beginning of what we hope to really expand over time to be a place where members of the community, all sorts of people can say these are the best practices that have worked for me. So whether it's for agile software development or whether it's for construction or more and more specific workflows, photographers, people have their little tricks and ways that they layer these processes onto a sauna and we want to make all that more and more available so people know how to get the full power out of the tool. All right. And and to close this out, I got one more question. Uh and this is kind of putting you on the spot. What is one use case you guys have seen that you would have never imagined in a million years for ASA given that it is this flexible? Uh we had pretty big imaginations. One thing that we've actually seen repeatedly that's been kind of intriguing to me is is weddings. Um I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Uh we we we've had a couple of close friends actually that have been uh organizing that way and it just seems to be, you know, really well suited to it. And we've heard that from customers as well where you'll have people who are using it at work to keep themselves, you know, to work on their their big projects in their productive life and then getting used to it there and enjoying it there. When they have this other big project they need to work on, they can do it there and keep it in keep all the work for both of those big projects in one place and just switch back and forth and see what matters. Awesome. Well, I know you guys again have a very busy day, so I'm going to let you go. Thank you so much for joining us and and good luck with the rest of your launch. Thank you. Have a good one.
