---
ticker: U
type: sec_filing
form: 10-Q
date: 2024-05-09
accession: 0001810806-24-000098
url: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1810806/000181080624000098/unity-20240331.htm
text_length: 150048
---

# U 10-Q - 2024-05-09

## Filing Info
- **Company**: Unity Software Inc.
- **Form**: 10-Q
- **Filed**: 2024-05-09
- **SEC URL**: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1810806/000181080624000098/unity-20240331.htm

## Full Text

FALSE2024Q1000181080612/31P1Yhttp://fasb.org/us-gaap/2023#OtherAssetsNoncurrenthttp://fasb.org/us-gaap/2023#OtherAssetsNoncurrenthttp://unity.com/20240331#AccruedExpensesAndOtherLiabilitiesCurrenthttp://unity.com/20240331#AccruedExpensesAndOtherLiabilitiesCurrenthttp://fasb.org/us-gaap/2023#OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrenthttp://fasb.org/us-gaap/2023#OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent0.00323920.0204526296189457xbrli:sharesiso4217:USDiso4217:USDxbrli:sharesxbrli:pure00018108062024-01-012024-03-3100018108062024-05-0100018108062024-03-3100018108062023-12-3100018108062023-01-012023-03-310001810806us-gaap:CommonStockMember2023-12-310001810806us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember2023-12-310001810806us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember2023-12-310001810806us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember2023-12-310001810806us-gaap:ParentMember2023-12-310001810806us-gaap:NoncontrollingInterestMember2023-12-310001810806us-gaap:CommonStockMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806us-gaap:ParentMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806us-gaap:NoncontrollingInterestMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806us-gaap:CommonStockMember2024-03-310001810806us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember2024-03-310001810806us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember2024-03-310001810806us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember2024-03-310001810806us-gaap:ParentMember2024-03-310001810806us-gaap:NoncontrollingInterestMember2024-03-310001810806us-gaap:CommonStockMember2022-12-310001810806us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember2022-12-310001810806us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember2022-12-310001810806us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember2022-12-310001810806us-gaap:ParentMember2022-12-310001810806us-gaap:NoncontrollingInterestMember2022-12-3100018108062022-12-310001810806us-gaap:CommonStockMember2023-01-012023-03-310001810806us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember2023-01-012023-03-310001810806us-gaap:ParentMember2023-01-012023-03-310001810806us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember2023-01-012023-03-310001810806us-gaap:NoncontrollingInterestMember2023-01-012023-03-310001810806us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember2023-01-012023-03-310001810806us-gaap:CommonStockMember2023-03-310001810806us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember2023-03-310001810806us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember2023-03-310001810806us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember2023-03-310001810806us-gaap:ParentMember2023-03-310001810806us-gaap:NoncontrollingInterestMember2023-03-3100018108062023-03-3100018108062024-01-012024-01-310001810806us-gaap:EmployeeSeveranceMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806unity:StockBasedCompensationMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806us-gaap:FacilityClosingMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806unity:CreateSolutionsMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806unity:CreateSolutionsMember2023-01-012023-03-310001810806unity:GrowSolutionsMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806unity:GrowSolutionsMember2023-01-012023-03-310001810806country:US2024-01-012024-03-310001810806country:US2023-01-012023-03-310001810806unity:GreaterChinaMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806unity:GreaterChinaMember2023-01-012023-03-310001810806us-gaap:EMEAMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806us-gaap:EMEAMember2023-01-012023-03-310001810806unity:AsiaPacificExcludingGreaterChinaMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806unity:AsiaPacificExcludingGreaterChinaMember2023-01-012023-03-310001810806unity:OtherAmericasMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806unity:OtherAmericasMember2023-01-012023-03-310001810806us-gaap:PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember2024-03-310001810806us-gaap:OtherAssetsMember2024-03-310001810806us-gaap:OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember2024-03-310001810806srt:MinimumMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806srt:MaximumMember2024-01-012024-03-3100018108062024-04-012024-03-310001810806us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member2024-03-310001810806us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member2023-12-310001810806us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Memberus-gaap:MoneyMarketFundsMember2024-03-310001810806us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Memberus-gaap:MoneyMarketFundsMember2023-12-310001810806us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Memberus-gaap:BankTimeDepositsMember2024-03-310001810806us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Memberus-gaap:BankTimeDepositsMember2023-12-310001810806unity:UnityChinaMemberunity:ThirdPartyInvestorsMember2024-03-310001810806srt:MaximumMember2024-03-310001810806us-gaap:ConvertibleDebtMember2024-03-310001810806unity:A2ConvertibleSeniorNotesDue2027Memberus-gaap:ConvertibleDebtMember2024-03-310001810806us-gaap:ConvertibleDebtMemberunity:A0ConvertibleSeniorNotesDue2026Member2024-03-310001810806us-gaap:ConvertibleDebtMemberunity:A0ConvertibleSeniorNotesDue2026Member2023-12-310001810806unity:A2ConvertibleSeniorNotesDue2027Memberus-gaap:ConvertibleDebtMember2023-12-310001810806unity:A2ConvertibleSeniorNotesDue2027And0ConvertibleSeniorNotesDue2026Memberus-gaap:ConvertibleDebtMember2024-03-310001810806unity:A2ConvertibleSeniorNotesDue2027And0ConvertibleSeniorNotesDue2026Memberus-gaap:ConvertibleDebtMember2023-12-310001810806unity:A2ConvertibleSeniorNotesDue2027And0ConvertibleSeniorNotesDue2026Memberus-gaap:ConvertibleDebtMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806unity:A2ConvertibleSeniorNotesDue2027And0ConvertibleSeniorNotesDue2026Memberus-gaap:ConvertibleDebtMember2023-01-012023-03-310001810806unity:A2ConvertibleSeniorNotesDue2027Memberus-gaap:ConvertibleDebtMember2022-11-012022-11-300001810806us-gaap:ConvertibleDebtMemberunity:A0ConvertibleSeniorNotesDue2026Member2024-01-012024-03-310001810806unity:A0ConvertibleSeniorNotesDue2026Member2021-11-012021-11-300001810806unity:A0ConvertibleSeniorNotesDue2026Member2021-11-300001810806unity:A2ConvertibleSeniorNotesDue2027Memberus-gaap:ConvertibleDebtMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806us-gaap:LetterOfCreditMember2024-03-310001810806us-gaap:LetterOfCreditMember2023-12-310001810806us-gaap:CostOfSalesMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806us-gaap:CostOfSalesMember2023-01-012023-03-310001810806us-gaap:ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806us-gaap:ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseMember2023-01-012023-03-310001810806us-gaap:SellingAndMarketingExpenseMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806us-gaap:SellingAndMarketingExpenseMember2023-01-012023-03-310001810806us-gaap:GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806us-gaap:GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember2023-01-012023-03-3100018108062023-01-012023-12-310001810806us-gaap:EmployeeStockOptionMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806us-gaap:EmployeeStockOptionMember2023-01-012023-03-310001810806us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember2023-12-310001810806us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember2024-03-310001810806unity:PriceVestedUnitsMember2022-10-012022-10-310001810806us-gaap:EmployeeStockMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806us-gaap:EmployeeStockMember2023-01-012023-03-310001810806unity:ConvertibleNoteMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806unity:ConvertibleNoteMember2023-01-012023-03-310001810806us-gaap:EmployeeStockOptionMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806us-gaap:EmployeeStockOptionMember2023-01-012023-03-310001810806us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember2023-01-012023-03-310001810806unity:TomerBarZeevMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806unity:TomerBarZeevMember2024-03-310001810806unity:MichelleLeeMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806unity:MichelleLeeMember2024-03-310001810806unity:RobynneSiscoMember2024-01-012024-03-310001810806unity:RobynneSiscoMember2024-03-31

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-Q

(Mark One)

☒QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the quarterly period ended March 31, 2024

OR

☐TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from _______ to _______

Commission File Number: 001-39497

UNITY SOFTWARE INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware27-0334803

(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)(I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)

30 3rd Street

San Francisco, California 94103‑3104

(Address, including zip code, of principal executive offices)

(415) 638-9950

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each classTrading Symbol(s)Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, $0.000005 par valueUThe New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No o

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S‑T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes x No o

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non‑accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b‑2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer☒Accelerated filer☐

Non‑accelerated filer
☐Smaller reporting company☐

Emerging growth company☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b‑2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No x

As of May 1, 2024, there were 390,861,717 shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding.

UNITY SOFTWARE INC.

FORM 10‑Q

For the Quarter Ended March 31, 2024

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

PART I—FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Item 1.
Financial Statements (Unaudited)

1

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets

1

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations

2

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss

3

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity

4

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

5

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

6

Item 2.
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

15

Item 3.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

25

Item 4.
Controls and Procedures

25

PART II—OTHER INFORMATION

Item 1.
Legal Proceedings

26

Item 1A.
Risk Factors

27

Item 2.
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds

60

Item 3.
Defaults Upon Senior Securities

61

Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures

61

Item 5.
Other Information

61

Item 6.
Exhibits

62

SIGNATURES

63

NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY

This Quarterly Report on Form 10‑Q contains forward-looking statements about us and our industry that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our future results of operations or financial condition, business strategy and plans, and objectives of management for future operations are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as "aim," "anticipate," "believe," "contemplate," "continue," "could," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "plan," "potential," "predict," "project," "should," "target," "toward," "will," "would," or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions.

You should not rely on forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10‑Q primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. Readers are cautioned that these forward‑looking statements are only predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict, including those identified and discussed in greater detail below, under "Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors" and summarized below.

•We have a history of losses and may not achieve or sustain profitability on a GAAP basis in the future.

•If we fail to successfully execute our plans to reset our portfolio to focus on our Strategic Portfolio and to right-size our investments, our business will be harmed.

•If we are not able to grow efficiently and manage our costs, we may not achieve profitability on a GAAP basis.

•We may fail to realize the possible synergies between our Create and Grow Solutions, including the benefits of the ironSource Merger, or those synergies may take longer to realize than expected.

•If we are unable to retain our existing customers and expand their use of our platform, or attract new customers, our growth and operating results could be adversely affected, and we may be required to reconsider our growth strategy.

•The markets in which we participate are competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed. For example, in the third quarter of 2023 we announced changes to our pricing model for our Create Solutions, which will become effective for users of the next major release of the software expected to be available in 2024. We experienced a high volume of negative customer feedback including a boycott and a slowdown of signing new contracts and renewals as a result of these changes which we believe negatively impacted our Grow Solutions revenue in the second half of 2023. If we fail to recover or reengage our customers or fail to attract new customers as a result of this announcement, our business could be harmed.

•Operating system platform providers or application stores may change terms of service, policies or technical requirements applicable to us or our customers, which could adversely impact our business.

•If we are unable to further expand into new industries, or if our solutions for any new industry fail to achieve market acceptance, our growth and operating results could be adversely affected, and we may be required to reconsider our growth strategy.

•We are increasingly building artificial intelligence ("AI") into certain of our offerings, and issues raised by the use of AI in our offerings may adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results.

•Recent negative macroeconomic factors, such as inflation, interest rates, and limited credit availability have and could further cause economic uncertainty and volatility, which could harm our business. 

•Increased competition in the advertising market and ongoing restrictions related to the gaming industry in China have impacted our growth rates and may continue to do so.

•Ongoing geopolitical instability, particularly in Israel, where a significant portion of our Grow Solutions operations is located, has impacted and may further adversely affect our business. 

•The loss of one or more members of our senior management or key employees could harm our business, and we may not be able to find adequate replacements. For example, in the second quarter of 2024, we announced the hiring of our permanent Chief Executive Officer and President, Matthew Bromberg. Our ability to successfully transition the Chief Executive Officer role and to retain Mr. Bromberg and other senior executives could impact our operations and our business.

The results, events, and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements.

In addition, statements that "we believe" and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10‑Q. While we believe such information provides a reasonable basis for these statements, such information may be limited or incomplete. Our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely on these statements.

The forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10‑Q relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10‑Q or to reflect new information, actual results, revised expectations, or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures, or investments.

Additional Information

Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to "we," "us," "our," "our company," "Unity," and "Unity Technologies" refer to Unity Software Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. The Unity design logos, "Unity" and our other registered or common law trademarks, service marks, or trade names appearing in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are the property of Unity Software Inc. or its affiliates.

Investors and others should note that we may announce material business and financial information using our investor relations website (www.investors.unity.com), our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, press releases, public conference calls, and public webcasts as means of complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. We encourage investors and others interested in our company to review the information that we make available.

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

PART I—FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Item 1. Financial Statements

UNITY SOFTWARE INC.

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

(In thousands, except per share data)

(Unaudited)

As of

March 31, 2024December 31, 2023

Assets

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents$1,179,962 $1,590,325 

Accounts receivable, net621,184 611,723 

Prepaid expenses and other140,092 122,843 

Total current assets1,941,238 2,324,891 

Property and equipment, net122,783 140,887 

Goodwill3,166,304 3,166,304 

Intangible assets, net1,318,787 1,406,745 

Other assets204,151 204,614 

Total assets$6,753,263 $7,243,441 

Liabilities and stockholders' equity

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable$18,862 $14,517 

Accrued expenses and other302,207 307,704 

Publisher payables410,671 385,113 

Deferred revenue170,435 186,769 

Total current liabilities902,175 894,103 

Convertible notes2,236,415 2,711,750 

Long-term deferred revenue9,080 6,015 

Other long-term liabilities190,869 217,195 

Total liabilities3,338,539 3,829,063 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 7)

Redeemable noncontrolling interests224,736 225,797 

Stockholders' equity:

Common stock, $0.000005 par value:

Authorized shares - 1,000,000 and 1,000,000

Issued and outstanding shares - 390,397 and 384,872
2 2 

Additional paid-in capital6,554,787 6,259,479 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss(7,760)(5,009)

Accumulated deficit(3,362,904)(3,071,830)

Total Unity Software Inc. stockholders' equity3,184,125 3,182,642 

Noncontrolling interest5,863 5,939 

Total stockholders' equity3,189,988 3,188,581 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity$6,753,263 $7,243,441 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

UNITY SOFTWARE INC.

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

(In thousands, except per share data)

(Unaudited)

Three Months Ended

March 31,

20242023

Revenue$460,380 $500,361 

Cost of revenue144,387 161,964 

Gross profit315,993 338,397 

Operating expenses

Research and development282,728 280,480 

Sales and marketing230,625 216,127 

General and administrative177,569 96,774 

Total operating expenses690,922 593,381 

Loss from operations(374,929)(254,984)

Interest expense(6,035)(6,129)

Interest income and other income (expense), net76,643 13,615 

Loss before income taxes(304,321)(247,498)

Provision for (benefit from) Income taxes(12,843)6,205 

Net loss(291,478)(253,703)

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interests(404)(672)

Net loss attributable to Unity Software Inc.$(291,074)$(253,031)

Basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to Unity Software Inc.$(0.75)$(0.67)

Weighted-average shares used in computation of basic and diluted net loss per share387,151 375,909 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.

2

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

UNITY SOFTWARE INC.

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS

(In thousands)

(Unaudited)

Three Months Ended

March 31,

20242023

Net loss$(291,478)$(253,703)

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes:

Change in foreign currency translation adjustment(3,461)3,157 

Change in unrealized gains (losses) on derivative instruments— (327)

Other comprehensive income (loss)(3,461)2,830 

Comprehensive loss(294,939)(250,873)

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interests(404)(672)

Foreign currency translation attributable to noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interests(710)649 

Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interest and redeemable noncontrolling interests(1,114)(23)

Comprehensive loss attributable to Unity Software Inc.$(293,825)$(250,850)

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.

3

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

UNITY SOFTWARE INC.

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

(In thousands, except share data)

(Unaudited)

Three Months Ended March 31, 2024

Accumulated

AdditionalOtherUnity Software Inc.

Common StockPaid-InComprehensiveAccumulatedStockholders'NoncontrollingTotal

SharesAmountCapitalLossDeficitEquity
Interest (1)
Equity

Balance at December 31, 2023384,871,561 $2 $6,259,479 $(5,009)$(3,071,830)$3,182,642 $5,939 $3,188,581 

Issuance of common stock from employee equity plans2,511,920 — 25,997 — — 25,997 — 25,997 

Issuance of common stock for settlement of RSUs3,013,449 — — — — — — — 

Stock‑based compensation expense— — 269,288 — — 269,288 — 269,288 

Net loss— — — — (291,074)(291,074)(28)(291,102)

Adjustments to redeemable noncontrolling interest— — 23 — — 23 — 23 

Other comprehensive loss— — — (2,751)— (2,751)(48)(2,799)

Balance at March 31, 2024390,396,930 $2 $6,554,787 $(7,760)$(3,362,904)$3,184,125 $5,863 $3,189,988 

Three Months Ended March 31, 2023

Accumulated

AdditionalOther
Unity Software Inc.

Common StockPaid-InComprehensiveAccumulatedStockholders'NoncontrollingTotal

SharesAmountCapitalLossDeficitEquity
Interest (1)
Equity

Balance at December 31, 2022374,243,196 $2 $5,779,776 $(1,691)$(2,249,819)$3,528,268 $6,298 $3,534,566 

Issuance of common stock from employee equity plans1,475,761 — 21,971 — — 21,971 — 21,971 

Issuance of common stock for settlement of RSUs2,654,728 — — — — — — — 

Stock‑based compensation expense— — 166,445 — — 166,445 — 166,445 

Net loss— — — — (253,031)(253,031)(46)(253,077)

Adjustments to redeemable noncontrolling interest— — (5,834)— — (5,834)— (5,834)

Other comprehensive loss— — — 2,181 — 2,181 44 2,225 

Balance at March 31, 2023378,373,685 $2 $5,962,358 $490 $(2,502,850)$3,460,000 $6,296 $3,466,296 

.

(1)    Excludes redeemable noncontrolling interests.

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.

4

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

UNITY SOFTWARE INC.

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(In thousands)

(Unaudited)

Three Months Ended March 31,

20242023

Operating activities

Net loss$(291,478)$(253,703)

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization101,810 109,560 

Stock-based compensation expense265,877 163,028 

Gain on repayment of convertible note(61,371)— 

Other16,516 379 

Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions:

Accounts receivable, net(9,740)21,013 

Prepaid expenses and other(16,779)7,589 

Other assets(2,399)11,169 

Accounts payable5,273 7,450 

Accrued expenses and other(4,269)(7,305)

Publisher payables25,558 (27,756)

Other long-term liabilities(23,584)(18,302)

Deferred revenue(12,787)(18,221)

Net cash used in operating activities(7,373)(5,099)

Investing activities

Purchases of short-term investments— (212)

Proceeds from principal repayments and maturities of short-term investments— 102,673 

Purchases of property and equipment(7,190)(14,350)

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities(7,190)88,111 

Financing activities

Repayments of convertible note(414,999)— 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock from employee equity plans25,998 21,971 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities(389,001)21,971 

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash(6,202)3,151 

Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash(409,766)108,134 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period1,604,267 1,505,688 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period$1,194,501 $1,613,822 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:

Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds$11,041 $3,751 

Cash paid for operating leases$13,540 $10,181 

Supplemental disclosures of non‑cash investing and financing activities:

Assets acquired under operating lease$9,273 $24,528 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.

5

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

UNITY SOFTWARE INC.

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(Unaudited)

1. Accounting Policies

Basis of Presentation and Consolidation

We prepared the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with United States ("U.S.") generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") and applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") for interim financial reporting. The condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Unity Software Inc., its wholly owned subsidiaries, and entities consolidated under the voting interest model. We have eliminated all intercompany balances and transactions. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. In our opinion, all adjustments, which include normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation, have been included. The results of operations for the periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year or other periods. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes included in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make certain estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates, and such differences could be material to our financial position and results of operations.

Employee Separation and Restructuring Costs

In January 2024, we committed to a plan to eliminate approximately 25% of our workforce, and we mutually agreed to the departure of the founders of ironSource Ltd. Following these announcements, we incurred incremental employee separation costs of approximately $193 million in the first quarter of 2024, which included $126 million of incremental stock-based compensation. Additionally we incurred $19 million of restructuring costs, primarily related to office closures.

2. Revenue

The following table presents our revenue disaggregated by source, which also have similar economic characteristics (in thousands):

Three Months Ended March 31,

20242023

Create Solutions$163,670 $187,369 

Grow Solutions296,710 312,992 

Total revenue$460,380 $500,361 

6

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

The following table presents our revenue disaggregated by geography, based on the invoice address of our customers (in thousands):

Three Months Ended March 31,

20242023

United States$139,119 $132,994 

Greater China (1)
59,690 59,548 

EMEA (2)
166,770 186,724 

APAC (3)
84,036 107,528 

Other Americas (4)
10,765 13,567 

Total revenue$460,380 $500,361 

(1)    Greater China includes China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan.

(2)    Europe, the Middle East, and Africa ("EMEA")

(3)    Asia-Pacific, excluding Greater China ("APAC")

(4)    Canada and Latin America ("Other Americas")

Accounts Receivable, Net

Accounts receivable are recorded at the original invoiced amount, net of allowances for uncollectible amounts. We estimate losses on uncollectible amounts based on expected losses, including our historical experience of actual losses. The estimated losses on uncollectible amounts are recorded in general and administrative expense on our condensed consolidated statement of operations. As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the allowance for uncollectible amounts was $16.6 million and $16.9 million, respectively. For the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, the provision for uncollectible amounts was $1.8 million and $2.9 million.

Sales Commissions

Sales commissions that have a benefit beyond one year are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line method over the expected period of benefit, which is generally three years. As of March 31, 2024, capitalized commissions, net of amortization, included in prepaid expenses and other and other assets were $6.4 million and $4.9 million, respectively. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, we recorded amortization costs of $2.4 million in sales and marketing expenses, as compared to $2.5 million during the three months ended March 31, 2023, respectively.

Contract Balances and Remaining Performance Obligations

Contract assets (unbilled receivables), primarily included in accounts receivable, net, are recorded when revenue is earned in advance of customer billing schedules. Unbilled receivables totaled $20.1 million and $31.3 million as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Of this total as of March 31, 2024, $6.0 million was included in Other Long-Term Assets on our consolidated balance sheets.

Contract liabilities (deferred revenue) relate to payments received in advance of performance under the contract. Revenue recognized during the three months ended March 31, 2024 that was included in the deferred revenue balances at January 1, 2024 was $76.3 million.

Additionally, we have performance obligations associated with commitments in customer contracts to perform in the future that had not yet been recognized in our consolidated financial statements. For contracts with original terms that exceed one year, those commitments not yet recognized as of March 31, 2024, were $357 million and relate primarily to Create Solutions subscriptions, Enterprise Support, and Strategic Partnerships. These commitments generally extend over the next one to five years and we expect to recognize approximately $205 million or 57% of this revenue during the next 12 months.

7

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

3. Financial Instruments

Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash are recorded at fair value. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. To increase the comparability of fair value measures, the following hierarchy prioritizes the inputs to valuation methodologies used to measure fair value:

•Level 1—Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

•Level 2—Valuations based on quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the assets or liabilities, either directly or indirectly through market corroboration.

•Level 3—Valuations based on unobservable inputs reflecting our own assumptions used to measure assets and liabilities at fair value. These valuations require significant judgment.

The following table summarizes, by major security type, our cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are categorized using the fair value hierarchy (in thousands):

March 31, 2024December 31, 2023

Fair Value (1)

Cash$888,092 $834,877 

Level 1:

Restricted cash and cash equivalents:

Restricted cash$14,539 $13,942 

Money market funds92,762 502,754 

Time deposits199,108 252,694 

Total restricted cash and cash equivalents$306,409 $769,390 

Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash$1,194,501 $1,604,267 

(1)    Due to the highly liquid nature of our investments, amortized cost approximates fair value.

Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements 

We hold equity investments in certain unconsolidated entities without a readily determinable fair value. These strategic investments represent less than a 20% ownership interest in each of the entities, and we do not have significant influence over or control of the entities. We use the measurement alternative to account for adjustments to these investments for observable transactions for the same or similar investments of the same issuer in any given quarter. If we determine an impairment has occurred, the investment is written down to the estimated fair value. As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, such equity investments totaled $33.6 million. No adjustments to the carrying value of these equity investments were recorded for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023.

4. Investment in Unity China

The results of Unity China, of which third-party investors hold a 20.5% ownership interest, are included in our condensed consolidated financial statements. Under certain conditions we may be required to repurchase the third-party interest in Unity China. The redeemable noncontrolling interests in Unity China are recorded as temporary equity on our condensed consolidated balance sheet.

8

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

The following table presents the changes in redeemable noncontrolling interests (in thousands):

Three Months Ended March 31,

20242023

Balance at beginning of period$225,797 $219,563 

Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests(376)(626)

Accretion for redeemable noncontrolling interests3,075 2,698 

Foreign currency translation and foreign exchange adjustments for redeemable noncontrolling interests(3,760)3,741 

Balance at end of period$224,736 $225,376 

5. Leases

We have operating leases for offices, which have remaining lease terms of up to nine years.

Components of lease expense were as follows (in thousands):

Three Months Ended March 31,

20242023

Operating lease expense$10,253 $9,393 

Variable lease expense1,721 1,278 

Sublease income(244)(384)

Total lease expense$11,730 $10,287 

Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows (in thousands, except weighted-average figures):

As of

ClassificationMarch 31, 2024December 31, 2023

Operating lease assetsOther assets$104,599 $113,256 

Current operating lease liabilitiesAccrued expenses and other$37,566 $39,132 

Long-term operating lease liabilitiesOther long-term liabilities98,521 111,669 

Total operating lease liabilities$136,087 $150,801 

As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our operating leases had a weighted-average remaining lease term of 5.0 years and 5.1 years, respectively, and a weighted-average discount rate of 5.2% and 5.2%, respectively.

As of March 31, 2024, our lease liabilities were as follows (in thousands):

Operating Leases

Gross lease liabilities$154,385 

Less: imputed interest18,298 

Present value of lease liabilities$136,087 

6. Borrowings

Convertible Notes

As of March 31, 2024, we had $2.2 billion of unsecured convertible notes outstanding including $1.0 billion issued in November 2022 (the "2027 Notes") and $1.2 billion issued in November 2021 (the "2026 Notes"). The table below summarizes the principal and unamortized debt issuance costs and other material features of the Notes (in thousands):

9

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

Carrying Amount as of

Conversion Rate per
$1,000 Principal
Conversion Price
MaturitiesStated Interest RatesMarch 31, 2024December 31, 2023

Convertible notes:

Principal – 2026 Notes
3.2392 $308.72 20260.0%$1,245,232 $1,725,000 

Principal – 2027 Notes
20.4526 $48.89 20272.0%1,000,000 1,000,000 

Unamortized debt issuance costs, net(8,817)(13,250)

Net carrying amount$2,236,415 $2,711,750 

Interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears. The combined interest expense on the Notes related to regular interest and the amortization of debt issuance cost was $6.0 million and $6.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023, respectively.

As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the estimated fair value of the 2027 Notes were approximately $1.1 billion and 1.3 billion, respectively, and the estimated fair value of the 2026 Notes were approximately $1.1 billion and 1.4 billion, respectively. The fair value of the 2027 Notes was based on a combination of a discounted cash flow and Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value of the 2026 Notes was based on quoted prices as of that date.

The 2026 Notes are convertible at the option of the holder if a conversion condition of the 2026 Notes is triggered. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, none of the conversion conditions of the 2026 Notes were triggered and the 2026 Notes were not convertible as of March 31, 2024. The 2027 Notes are convertible at the option of the holder prior to maturity. Upon conversion of the Notes, we will deliver cash, shares of our common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock,at our election. The conversion rates for the Notes is subject to customary adjustments for certain events as described in the indentures governing the Notes.

The Notes are subject to additional terms. In connection with certain corporate events, as described in the Indentures, we will increase the conversion rate for a holder of the Notes who elects to convert those notes in connection with the event. Additionally, upon the occurrence of certain corporate events and subject to certain exceptions, as described in the Indentures, holders of the Notes may require us to repurchase all or a portion of their notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount to be repurchased, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to date. The 2026 Notes are also redeemable at our option if certain conditions are met, as described in the Indenture governing the 2026 Notes.

As of March 31, 2024, no holders of the 2027 and 2026 Notes have exercised the conversion rights, and the if-converted value of the 2027 and 2026 Notes did not exceed the principal amount.

Convertible Note Repurchase

During the first quarter of 2024, the Company repurchased in privately negotiated transactions and extinguished a portion of the 2026 Notes, with a total principal balance of $480 million. The aggregate repurchase price for these notes was $415 million, resulting in pre-tax gains of $61.4 million, net of the write-off of unamortized issuance costs. The gain was included in Interest income and other income (expense), net, in the condensed consolidated statement of operations.

Capped Call Transactions

In connection with the pricing of the 2026 Notes, we entered into the Capped Call Transactions at a net cost of $48.1 million, with call options totaling approximately 5.6 million of our common shares, and with expiration dates ranging from September 18, 2026 to November 12, 2026. The strike price is $308.72, and the cap price is initially $343.02 per share, subject to adjustments in certain circumstances. The Capped Call Transactions are freestanding and are considered separately exercisable from the 2026 Notes.

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

The Capped Call Transactions are intended to reduce potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of the 2026 Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted 2026 Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. As of March 31, 2024, the Capped Call Transactions met the conditions for equity classification and were not in the money.

7. Commitments and Contingencies

The following table summarizes our non-cancelable contractual commitments as of March 31, 2024 (in thousands):

Total
Remainder of 2024

2025‑2026

2027‑2028
Thereafter

Operating leases (1)
$154,385 $32,892 $60,279 $36,591 $24,623 

Purchase commitments (2)
643,505 180,782 433,298 29,425 — 

Convertible note principal and interest (3)
2,325,232 20,000 1,285,232 1,020,000 — 

Total$3,123,122 $233,674 $1,778,809 $1,086,016 $24,623 

(1)    Operating leases consist of obligations for real estate that are active.

(2)    The substantial majority of our purchase commitments are related to agreements with our data center hosting providers.

(3)    Convertible notes due 2026 and 2027. See Note 6, "Borrowings," above for further discussion.

We expect to meet our remaining commitments.

Legal Matters

In the normal course of business, we are subject to various legal matters. We accrue a liability when management believes that it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. We also disclose material contingencies when we believe a loss is not probable but reasonably possible. Legal costs related to such potential losses are expensed as incurred. In addition, recoveries are shown as a reduction in legal costs in the period in which they are realized. With respect to our outstanding matters, based on our current knowledge, we believe that the resolution of such matters will not, either individually or in aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business or our condensed consolidated financial statements. However, litigation is inherently uncertain, and the outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty. Accordingly, cash flows or results of operations could be materially affected in any particular period by the resolution of one or more of these matters.

Indemnifications

In the ordinary course of business, we may provide indemnifications of varying scope and terms to customers, vendors, lessors, investors, directors, officers, employees and other parties with respect to certain matters. Indemnification may include losses from our breach of such agreements, services we provide, or third-party intellectual property infringement claims. These indemnifications may survive termination of the underlying agreement and the maximum potential amount of future indemnification payments may not be subject to a cap. As of March 31, 2024, there were no known events or circumstances that have resulted in a material indemnification liability to us and we did not incur material costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related to these indemnifications.

Letters of Credit

We had $14.5 million and $13.9 million of secured letters of credit outstanding as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. These primarily relate to our office space leases and are fully collateralized by certificates of deposit which we record in restricted cash as other assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheets.

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

8. Stock‑Based Compensation

Stock-based compensation expense is as follows (in thousands):

Three Months Ended March 31,

20242023

Cost of revenue$16,806 $18,849 

Research and development87,738 76,483 

Sales and marketing63,971 35,517 

General and administrative97,362 32,179 

Total stock-based compensation expense$265,877 $163,028 

Included in the above expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2024, is $93 million of incremental stock-based compensation expense from modifications, primarily within general and administrative. These amounts predominately relate to the modification of awards held by the founders of ironSource Ltd. that departed in the first quarter of 2024.

Stock Options

A summary of our stock option activity is as follows:

Options Outstanding

Stock
Options
OutstandingWeighted-Average
Exercise
PriceWeighted-Average
Remaining
Contractual
Term 
(In Years)

Balance as of December 31, 202331,541,466 $19.35 4.79

Granted86,854 $26.89 

Exercised(1,960,774)$6.25 

Forfeited, cancelled, or expired(175,140)$82.32 

Balance as of March 31, 202429,492,406 $19.86 3.77

The calculated grant-date fair value of stock options granted was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions:

Three Months Ended March 31,

20242023

Expected dividend yield——

Risk-free interest rate4.1%4.2%

Expected volatility66.4%54.7%

Expected term (in years)6.256.25

Fair value of underlying common stock$26.89$29.33

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

Restricted Stock Units

A summary of our restricted stock unit ("RSU"), including price-vested unit ("PVU"), activity is as follows:

Unvested RSUs

Number of
SharesWeighted-Average
Grant-Date
Fair Value

Unvested as of December 31, 202337,332,551 $38.31 

Granted1,570,357 $30.14 

Vested(3,017,254)$45.83 

Forfeited(3,409,225)$42.68 

Unvested as of March 31, 202432,476,429 $36.76 

Price-Vested Units

In October 2022, we granted to certain of our executive officers a total of 989,880 PVUs, which are RSUs for which vesting is subject to the fulfillment of both a service period that extends up to four years and the achievement of a stock price hurdle during the relevant performance period that extends up to seven years. The fair value of each PVU award is estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation that uses assumptions determined on the date of grant. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, the service period condition and stock price hurdle were not met.

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

The fair value of shares offered under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP") was determined on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The following table summarizes the assumptions used and the resulting grant-date fair values of our ESPP:

Three Months Ended March 31,

20242023

Expected dividend yield——

Risk-free interest rate5.3%5.2%

Expected volatility56.0%94.5%

Expected term (in years)0.500.50

Grant-date fair value per share$9.11$12.44

Additional information related to the ESPP is provided below (in thousands, except per share amounts):

Three Months Ended March 31,

20242023

Shares issued under the ESPP551,146532,643

Weighted-average price per share issued$24.92$25.87

9. Income Taxes

Our tax provision for interim periods is determined using an estimated annual effective tax rate, adjusted for discrete items arising in that quarter. In each quarter, we update the estimated annual effective tax rate and make a year-to-date adjustment to the provision. The estimated annual effective tax rate is subject to volatility due to several factors, including variability in accurately predicting our pre-tax income or loss and the mix of jurisdictions to which they relate, intercompany transactions, changes in how we do business, and tax law developments.

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

Our effective tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2024 differs from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21% primarily due to the need to record a valuation allowance on U.S. losses, a tax benefit on foreign losses in connection with employee separation costs, and to a lesser extent tax expense on foreign earnings taxed at different rates. In addition, during the first quarter of 2024, we continued to restructure our tax operations which resulted in a reduction to our U.S. valuation allowance. Our effective tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2023 differed from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21% primarily due to the need to record a valuation allowance in the U.S. on losses and to a lesser extent, tax expense on foreign earnings taxed at different rates. In addition, the Company undertook certain tax restructuring efforts during the period that enhanced our ability to offset deferred tax liabilities in the U.S. in future periods, thereby partially reducing the need for a valuation allowance.

The realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character in future periods. We regularly assess the ability to realize our deferred tax assets and establish a valuation allowance if it is more-likely-than-not that some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In performing this assessment with respect to each jurisdiction, we review all available positive and negative evidence. Primarily due to our history of losses, we believe that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets of our U.S. federal, certain U.S. states, Denmark, U.K., and other non-U.S. jurisdictions will not be realized and we have maintained a full valuation allowance against such deferred tax assets.

As of March 31, 2024, we had $184.3 million of gross unrecognized tax benefits, of which $29.7 million would impact the effective tax rate, if recognized. It is reasonably possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of March 31, 2024 could increase or decrease significantly as the timing of the resolution, settlement, and closure of audits is highly uncertain. We believe that we have adequately provided for any reasonably foreseeable outcome related to our tax audits and that any settlement will not have a material impact on our financial condition and operating results at this time.

10. Net Loss per Share of Common Stock

Basic and diluted net loss per share is the same for all periods presented because the effects of potentially dilutive items were antidilutive given our net loss in each period.

The following table presents potentially dilutive common stock excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share (in thousands) because the impact of including them would have been antidilutive:

As of March 31,

20242023

Convertible notes24,488 26,042 

Stock options29,492 34,461 

Unvested RSUs and PVUs32,476 36,079 

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Please read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included under Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are statements that attempt to forecast or anticipate future developments in our business, financial condition, or results of operations. When reviewing the discussion below, you should keep in mind the substantial risks and uncertainties that could impact our business. In particular, we encourage you to review the risks and uncertainties described in "Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors" included elsewhere in this report. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements contained in this report or implied by past results and trends. Forward-looking statements, like all statements in this report, speak only as of their date (unless another date is indicated), and we undertake no obligation to update or revise these statements in light of future developments. See the section titled "Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary" in this report. 

Overview

Unity is the world's leading platform for creating and growing interactive, real-time 3D ("RT3D") content and experiences. Our comprehensive set of software, including AI solutions, supports creators through the entire development lifecycle as they build, run, and grow immersive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.

Our platform consists of two complementary sets of solutions: Create Solutions and Grow Solutions, which together comprise our strategic portfolio surrounding the Unity Engine, Cloud and Monetization.

Impact of Macroeconomic Trends and Geopolitical Events

Recent negative macroeconomic factors, such as inflation, high interest rates, and limited credit availability have and could further cause economic uncertainty and volatility, which could harm our business. Further, increased competition in the advertising market and ongoing restrictions related to the gaming industry in China have impacted our growth rates and may continue to do so. Ongoing geopolitical instability, particularly in Israel, where a significant portion of our Grow Solutions operations is located, may adversely affect our business. 

Recent Developments in Our Business

Starting in the fourth quarter of 2023, we began to reset our product and service offerings to focus on our core businesses, which we refer to as our "Strategic Portfolio": the Unity Engine, Cloud, and Monetization, while narrowing our investments in new businesses to those most attractive, mainly industries beyond gaming. We also exited businesses where we do not believe that we can provide unique value to customers or generate a sound return to investors. Specifically, we have limited our Professional Services business to a few selected strategic engagements, we will shift our multiplayer business to orchestration and managed solutions, and we will stop the independent development of professional artistry tools, which we will instead integrate into the Unity Editor and AI tools. In the first quarter of 2024, we recognized approximately $34 million of revenue associated with these non-strategic portfolios and we expect that these amounts will decline throughout the remainder of 2024.

In the first quarter of 2024, we substantially completed reductions to our workforce and our office footprint. This resulted in approximately $193 million in employee separation costs, primarily related to the acceleration and modifications of equity awards, and $19 million of non-employee charges associated with these reductions. 

In the second quarter of 2024, we announced the hiring of our permanent Chief Executive Officer and President, Matthew Bromberg. Our ability to successfully transition the Chief Executive Officer role and to retain Mr. Bromberg and other senior executives could impact our operations and our business. 

15

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

Our ability to execute on these plans or execute them in a timely manner is critical to our success, and their timing and full impact on our future results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition are uncertain.

For additional details, refer to the section titled "Risk Factors."

Key Metrics

As further discussed in Item 2 of Part I, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, we monitor the following key metrics to help us evaluate the health of our business, identify trends affecting our growth, formulate goals and objectives, and make strategic decisions. We have revised and restated these metrics to include inputs from our Strategic Portfolio only.

Customers Contributing More Than $100,000 of Revenue

We had 1,243 and 1,214 customers contributing more than $100,000 of revenue in the trailing 12 months as of March 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The year over year increase was largely a result of our core subscriptions growth. While these customers represented the substantial majority of revenue for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, no one customer accounted for more than 10% of our revenue for either period.

Dollar-Based Net Expansion Rate

Our ability to drive growth and generate incremental revenue depends, in part, on our ability to maintain and grow our relationships with our Create and Grow Solutions customers and to increase their use of our platform. We track our performance by measuring our dollar-based net expansion rate, which compares our Create and Grow Solutions revenue, excluding Strategic Partnerships and Supersonic, from the same set of customers across comparable periods, calculated on a trailing 12-month basis.

As of

March 31, 2024March 31, 2023

Dollar-based net expansion rate101 %102 %

Our dollar-based net expansion rate as of March 31, 2024 and 2023, was driven primarily by the sales of additional subscriptions and services to our existing Create Solutions customers and cross-selling our solutions to all of our customers. The decrease in dollar-based net expansion rate, compared to the comparable prior year period, is primarily attributable to Grow Solutions, due to increased competition in the advertising market.

16

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

The chart below illustrates that our dollar-based net expansion rate has been declining over the last year with a slight rebound in the fourth quarter of 2022 due to the ironSource Merger.

Results of Operations

The following table summarizes our historical consolidated statements of operations data for the periods indicated (in thousands):

Three Months Ended March 31,

20242023

Revenue$460,380 $500,361 

Cost of revenue144,387 161,964 

Gross profit315,993 338,397 

Operating expenses

Research and development282,728 280,480 

Sales and marketing230,625 216,127 

General and administrative177,569 96,774 

Total operating expenses690,922 593,381 

Loss from operations(374,929)(254,984)

Interest expense(6,035)(6,129)

Interest income and other income (expense), net76,643 13,615 

Loss before income taxes(304,321)(247,498)

Provision for (benefit from) Income taxes(12,843)6,205 

Net loss(291,478)(253,703)

17

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

The following table sets forth the components of our condensed consolidated statements of operations data as a percentage of revenue for the periods indicated:

Three Months Ended March 31,

20242023

Revenue100 %100 %

Cost of revenue31 32 

Gross profit69 68 

Operating expenses

Research and development61 56 

Sales and marketing50 43 

General and administrative39 19 

Total operating expenses150 118 

Loss from operations(81)(51)

Interest expense(1)(1)

Interest income and other income (expense), net16 3 

Loss before income taxes(66)(49)

Provision for (benefit from) Income taxes(3)1 

Net loss(63)%(50)%

Revenue

Create Solutions

We generate Create Solutions revenue primarily through our suite of Create Solutions subscriptions inclusive of enterprise support, cloud and hosting services, and professional services. Our subscriptions provide customers access to technologies that allow them to edit, run, and iterate interactive, RT3D and 2D experiences that can be created once and deployed to a variety of platforms. Enhanced support services are provided to our enterprise customers and are sold separately from the Create Solutions subscriptions. Cloud and hosting services are provided to our customers to simplify and enhance the way our users access and harness our solutions. Professional services are provided to our customers and include consulting, platform integration, training, and custom application and workflow development.

Grow Solutions

We generate Grow Solutions revenue primarily through our monetization solutions and game publishing services. Our monetization solutions allow publishers, original equipment manufacturers, and mobile carriers to sell available advertising inventory on their mobile applications or hardware devices to advertisers for in-application or on-device placements. Our revenue represents the amount we retain from the transaction we are facilitating through our Unified Auction and mediation platform. Our game publishing services provide game developers with the infrastructure and expertise to launch their mobile games and manage their growth; this is achieved through marketability testing tools, live games management tools and game design support, and optimizing the implementation of the customer’s commercial model. Through these game publishing services, we generate revenue from in-app advertising in published games and in some cases, in app purchase revenue.                                                    

18

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

Our total revenue is summarized as follows (in thousands):

Three Months Ended

March 31,

20242023

Create Solutions$163,670 $187,369 

Grow Solutions296,710 312,992 

Total revenue$460,380 $500,361 

Total revenue decreased in the three months ended March 31, 2024, compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily due to a decrease in Create Solutions revenue, driven by the termination of the subscription agreement with Wētā FX Limited, and by a decrease in cloud and hosting services revenue from reduced usage of those offerings, partially offset by increases in core subscription revenue, which excludes Wētā. The decrease in total revenue was further driven by a decrease in Grow Solutions revenue, which was negatively impacted by increased competition.

Cost of Revenue, Gross Profit, and Gross Margin

Cost of revenue consists primarily of personnel costs (including salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation) for employees and subcontractors associated with our product support and professional services organizations, hosting expenses, the amortization of intangible assets, and depreciation of related property and equipment.

Gross profit, or revenue less cost of revenue, has been and will continue to be affected by various factors, including our product mix, the costs associated with third-party hosting services and the extent to which we expand and drive efficiencies in our hosting costs, professional services, and customer support organizations. We expect our gross profit to increase in absolute dollars in the long term but decrease in the short term as a result of the reset of our product portfolio to focus on the Unity Engine and Monetization solutions. We expect our gross profit as a percentage of revenue, or gross margin, to fluctuate from period to period.

Cost of revenue for the three months ended March 31, 2024 decreased, compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily due to a decrease of approximately $7 million in amortization expenses related to the Wētā FX Limited contract that was terminated in 2023, and a decrease in our hosting and professional service expenses in connection with our portfolio reset. Personnel costs were comparable period over period inclusive of employee separation costs in the first quarter of 2024. 

Operating Expenses

Our operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses. The most significant component of our operating expenses is personnel-related costs, including salaries and wages, sales commissions, bonuses, benefits, stock-based compensation, and payroll taxes. In January 2024, we committed to a plan to eliminate approximately 25% of our workforce, and we mutually agreed to the departure of the founders of ironSource Ltd. Following these announcements, we incurred incremental employee separation costs of approximately $193 million in the first quarter of 2024, largely driven by the modification of equity awards, including $15 million within cost of revenue, $43 million within research and development expense, $47 million within sales and marketing expense, and $88 million within general and administrative expense. These personnel-related costs were the main driver of the increase in expenses period over period. In addition, we incurred $19 million of non-employee charges associated with this restructuring.

Research and Development

Research and development expenses primarily consist of personnel-related costs for the design and development of our platform, IT hosting and SaaS expenses, and amortization expenses related to intangible assets. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars in the long term, as we expand our teams to develop new solutions, expand features and functionality with existing solutions, and enter new markets, but decrease in the short term as a result of the reset of our 

19

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

Strategic Portfolio. We expect research and development expenses to fluctuate as a percentage of revenue from period to period.

Research and development expense for the three months ended March 31, 2024 increased, compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily due to personnel costs which were comparable period over period inclusive of employee separation costs in the first quarter of 2024.

Sales and Marketing

Our sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, advertising and marketing programs, including user acquisition costs and digital account-based marketing, user events such as developer-centric conferences and our annual Unite user conferences, and amortization expenses related to intangible assets. We expect that our sales and marketing expense will increase in absolute dollars in the long term, as we hire additional personnel, increase our account-based marketing, direct marketing and community outreach activities, invest in additional tools and technologies, and continue to build brand awareness, but decrease in the short term as a result of the reset of our Strategic Portfolio. We expect sales and marketing expenses to fluctuate as a percentage of revenue from period to period.

Sales and marketing expense for the three months ended March 31, 2024 increased, compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily due to higher personnel-related costs, driven by employee separation costs in the first quarter of 2024.

General and Administrative

Our general and administrative expenses primarily consist of personnel-related costs for finance, legal, human resources, IT and administrative employees; allocated overhead, and professional fees for external legal, accounting and other professional services. We expect that our general and administrative expenses will increase in absolute dollars in the long term, as we scale to support the growth of our business but decrease in the short term as a result of the reset of our Strategic Portfolio. We expect general and administrative expenses to fluctuate as a percentage of revenue from period to period.

General and administrative expense for the three months ended March 31, 2024 increased, compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily due to higher personnel-related costs, driven by employee separation costs in the first quarter of 2024.

Interest Expense

Interest expense consists primarily of interest expense associated with our convertible debt and amortization of debt issuance costs.

Interest expense for the three months ended March 31, 2024 decreased, compared to the comparable prior year period, due to a reduction in the amortization of debt issuance costs, driven by the repurchase of the 2026 notes.

Interest Income and Other Income (Expense), Net

Interest income and other income (expense), net, consists primarily of gains on the repurchase of convertible debt, interest income earned on our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments, foreign currency gains and losses. As we have expanded our global operations, our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currencies has increased, and we expect this to continue.

Interest income and other income (expense), net, for the three months ended March 31, 2024 increased, compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily due to a gain on the repurchase of convertible debt of $61.4 million in the first quarter of 2024.

Provision for (benefit from) Income taxes

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes consists primarily of income taxes in certain foreign jurisdictions where we conduct business. We have a valuation allowance against certain of our deferred tax assets, including net operating loss ("NOL") carryforwards and tax credits related primarily to research 

20

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

and development. Our overall effective income tax rate in future periods may be affected by the geographic mix of earnings in the countries in which we operate. Our future effective tax rate may also be affected by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, or changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles in the jurisdictions in which we conduct business. See Note 9, "Income Taxes," of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes for the three months ended March 31, 2024 increased, compared to the comparable prior year period, primarily due to a larger tax benefit from our continued restructuring efforts in the first quarter of 2024 that enhanced our ability to offset deferred tax liabilities in the U.S. in future periods, thereby partially reducing the need for a valuation allowance.

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

To supplement our consolidated financial statements prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP, we use certain non-GAAP financial measures, as described below, to evaluate our ongoing operations and for internal planning and forecasting purposes. We believe the following non-GAAP measures are useful in evaluating our operating performance. We are presenting these non-GAAP financial measures because we believe, when taken collectively, they may be helpful to investors because they provide consistency and comparability with past financial performance.

However, non-GAAP financial measures have limitations in their usefulness to investors because they have no standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and are not prepared under any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles. In addition, other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate similarly-titled non-GAAP financial measures differently or may use other measures to evaluate their performance, all of which could reduce the usefulness of our non-GAAP financial measures as tools for comparison. As a result, our non-GAAP financial measures are presented for supplemental informational purposes only and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for our consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP.

Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted EBITDA

We define adjusted gross profit as GAAP gross profit excluding expenses associated with stock-based compensation, amortization of acquired intangible assets, depreciation, and restructurings and reorganizations. We define adjusted EBITDA as net income or loss excluding benefits or expenses associated with stock-based compensation, amortization of acquired intangible assets, depreciation, acquisitions, restructurings and reorganizations, interest, income tax, and other non-operating activities, which primarily consist of foreign exchange rate gains or losses.

We use adjusted gross profit and adjusted EBITDA in conjunction with traditional GAAP measures to evaluate our financial performance. We believe that adjusted gross profit and adjusted EBITDA provide our management and investors consistency and comparability with our past financial performance and facilitates period-to-period comparisons of operations, as these metrics exclude expenses that we do not consider to be indicative of our overall operating performance.

21

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

The following table presents a reconciliation of our adjusted gross profit to our GAAP gross profit, the most directly comparable measure as determined in accordance with GAAP, for the periods presented (in thousands):

Three Months Ended

March 31,

20242023

GAAP gross profit$315,993 $338,397 

Add:

Stock-based compensation expense15,636 18,849 

Amortization of intangible assets expense26,997 34,265 

Depreciation expense2,744 2,364 

Restructuring and reorganization costs15,213 119 

Adjusted gross profit$376,583 $393,994 

GAAP gross margin69 %68 %

Adjusted gross margin82 %79 %

The following table presents a reconciliation of our adjusted EBITDA to net loss, the most directly comparable measure as determined in accordance with GAAP, for the periods presented (in thousands):

Three Months Ended

March 31,

20242023

GAAP net loss$(291,478)$(253,703)

Stock-based compensation expense139,888 163,028 

Amortization of intangible assets expense87,957 97,920 

Depreciation expense13,853 11,640 

Acquisition-related costs— 729 

Restructuring and reorganization costs211,746 14,130 

Interest expense6,035 6,129 

Interest income and other income (expense), net(76,643)(13,615)

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes(12,843)6,205 

Adjusted EBITDA$78,515 $32,463 

Free Cash Flow

We define free cash flow as net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less cash used for purchases of property and equipment. We believe that free cash flow is a useful indicator of liquidity as it measures our ability to generate cash, or our need to access additional sources of cash, to fund operations and investments.

22

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

The following table presents a reconciliation of free cash flow to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, the most directly comparable measure as determined in accordance with GAAP, for the periods presented (in thousands):

Three Months Ended March 31,

20242023

Net cash used in operating activities$(7,373)$(5,099)

Less:

Purchases of property and equipment(7,190)(14,350)

Free cash flow$(14,563)$(19,449)

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities$(7,190)$88,111 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities$(389,001)$21,971 

Liquidity and Capital Resources

As of March 31, 2024, our principal sources of liquidity were cash, and cash equivalents totaling $1.2 billion, which were primarily held for working capital purposes. Our cash equivalents are invested primarily in government money market funds.

Our material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations consists of our convertible notes, obligations under operating leases for office space, and contractual obligations for hosting services to support our business operations. See Part I, Item I, Note 7 — "Commitments and Contingencies" for additional discussion of our principal contractual commitments.

In connection with the ironSource Merger in November 2022, we issued $1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of 2.0% convertible senior notes due 2027, the proceeds of which were used to fund repurchases under our share repurchase program. We previously issued $1.7 billion in aggregate principal amount of 0% convertible senior notes due 2026 in November 2021, of which $480 million in aggregate principal was repurchased in March 2024 for $415 million (together with the 2027 Notes, the "Notes"). See Part I, Item I, Note 6, "Borrowings" for additional discussion of the Notes.

In July 2022, our board of directors approved our share repurchase program, which authorized the repurchase of up to $2.5 billion of shares of our common stock in open market transactions through November 2024 (the "Share Repurchase Program"). As of March 31, 2024, $750 million remains available for future share repurchases under this program.

Since our inception, we have generated losses from our operations as reflected in our accumulated deficit of $3.4 billion as of March 31, 2024. We expect to continue to incur operating losses on a GAAP basis for the foreseeable future due to the investments we will continue to make in research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative. As a result, we may require additional capital to execute our strategic initiatives to grow our business.

We believe our existing sources of liquidity will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months. We believe we will meet longer-term expected future cash requirements and obligations through a combination of cash flows from operating activities, available cash balances, and potential future equity or debt transactions. Our future capital requirements, however, will depend on many factors, including our growth rate; the timing and extent of spending to support our research and development efforts; capital expenditures to build out new facilities and purchase hardware and software; the expansion of sales and marketing activities; and our continued need to invest in our IT infrastructure to support our growth. In addition, we may enter into additional strategic partnerships as well as agreements to acquire or invest in complementary offerings, teams and technologies, including intellectual property rights, which could increase our cash requirements. As a result of these and other factors, we may choose or be required to seek additional equity or debt financing sooner than we currently anticipate. In addition, depending on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, 

23

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

contractual restrictions, and other factors, we may also from time to time seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt, including the Notes, through cash purchases and/or exchanges for equity securities, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. If additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us, or at all, including as a result of macroeconomic conditions such as high interest rates, volatility in the capital markets and liquidity concerns at, or failures of, banks and other financial institutions. If we are unable to raise additional capital when required, or if we cannot expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities because we lack sufficient capital, our business, results of operations, and financial condition would be adversely affected.

Our changes in cash flows were as follows (in thousands):

Three Months Ended March 31,

20242023

Net cash used in operating activities$(7,373)$(5,099)

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities(7,190)88,111 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities(389,001)21,971 

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash(6,202)3,151 

Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash$(409,766)$108,134 

Cash Used in Operating Activities

During the three months ended March 31, 2024, net cash used in operating activities was primarily due to an increase in working capital. Our cash flows fluctuate from period to period due to revenue seasonality, timing of billings, collections, and publisher payments. Historical cash flows are not necessarily indicative of our results in any future period.

Cash Used in Investing Activities

During the three months ended March 31, 2024, net cash used in investing activities consisted primarily of purchases of property and equipment.

Cash Used in Financing Activities

During the three months ended March 31, 2024, net cash used in financing activities consisted of repayments of convertible notes, offset by the proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our employee equity plans.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

Management's discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These principles require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses, and related disclosures. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and our actual results, our future financial statements will be affected.

There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates from those disclosed in Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024.

24

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

Our assessment of our exposures to market risk has not changed materially since the presentation set forth in Part II, Item 7A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on February 29, 2024.

Item 4. Controls and Procedures

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as of the end of the period covered by this report.

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Based on management's evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were designed to, and were effective to, provide assurance at a reasonable level that the information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.

(b) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Based on management's evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that there has not been any material change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended March 31, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially effect, our internal control over financial reporting.

25

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

PART II—OTHER INFORMATION

Item 1. Legal Proceedings

On July 6, 2022, a putative securities class action complaint was filed in U.S. District Court in the Northern District of California against the Company and certain of its executives (the "Securities Class Action"). The complaint was amended on March 24, 2023, and captioned In re Unity Software Inc. Securities Litigation, Case No. 5:22-cv-3962 (N.D. Cal.). On May 25, 2023, all defendants moved to dismiss the amended complaint. The plaintiffs filed an opposition to the motions to dismiss on July 26, 2023. The Company filed a response to the plaintiffs' opposition on September 1, 2023. On March 15, 2024, the court granted the Company's motion to dismiss the complaint, and on April 12, 2024, the plaintiffs' filed a second amended complaint. The operative complaint names as defendants Unity, its former Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and General Manager of Operate Solutions, as well as Unity shareholders, Sequoia Capital, Silver Lake Group, and David Helgason. The complaint asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and alleges that the Company and its executives made false or misleading statements and/or failed to disclose issues with the Company's product platform and the likely impact of those issues on the Company's fiscal 2022 guidance. The plaintiffs seek to represent a class of all persons and entities (other than the defendants) who acquired Unity securities between May 11, 2021 and May 10, 2022, and requests unspecified damages, pre- and post-judgment interest, and an award of attorneys' fees and costs. The Company intends to continue to vigorously defend the case.

On November 22, 2022, a derivative suit, captioned Movva v. Unity Software, Inc., et al., Case 5:22-cv-07416 (N.D. Cal.) (the "Movva Suit"), was filed by a purported stockholder against eleven of the Company's current and former officers and directors. The complaint, which asserts claims for breach of fiduciary duty, waste of corporate assets, unjust enrichment, and violations of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, borrows the allegations of the Securities Class Action, and recasts them as derivative claims. On December 16, 2022, a related derivative suit, captioned Duong vs. Unity Software Inc., et al., Case 5:22-c-08926 (N.D. Cal.), was filed by a purported stockholder against the same defendants as in the Movva Suit (the "Duong Suit," and together with the Movva Suit, the "Federal Derivative Actions"). The two Federal Derivative Actions were consolidated after the parties jointly moved to do so. The Federal Derivative Actions have been stayed pending the outcome of the motions to dismiss in the Securities Class Action. On May 8, 2023, a stockholder derivative suit, captioned Wen v. Botha, et al., Case No. 2023-0499 (the “Wen Suit”), was filed in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. The case was filed by a purported Unity stockholder against twelve of the Company's current and former officers and directors, and asserts claims for breach of fiduciary duty, aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, and waste of corporate assets. On December 15, 2023, a stockholder derivative suit, captioned Flesner v. Riccitiello, et al., Case No. 2023-1240 (the "Flesner Suit" and together with the Wen Suit, the "Delaware Derivative Actions"), was filed in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. The case was filed by a purported Unity stockholder against twelve of the Company's current and former officers and directors, and asserts claims for breach of fiduciary duty, aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty, and waste of corporate assets, as well as insider trading claims against the individual defendants. The two Delaware Derivative Actions were consolidated after the parties jointly moved to do so. As with the Federal Derivative Actions, the Delaware Derivative Actions borrow the allegations of the Securities Class Action, and recast them as derivative claims. The Delaware Derivative Actions have been stayed pending the outcome of the motions to dismiss in the Securities Class Action.

From time to time, we may be subject to other legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of business.

26

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

Item 1A. Risk Factors

Risks Related to Our Business, Operations, and Industry

We have a history of losses and may not achieve or sustain profitability on a GAAP basis in the future.

We have experienced significant net losses on a GAAP basis in each period since inception. In addition, our revenue growth rate has varied and has in certain quarters declined and could vary and decline in the future, particularly in a difficult macroeconomic climate. We are not certain whether we will achieve or maintain profitability in the future. We are engaging in cost cutting efforts, but our costs and expenses may increase in the long term on a GAAP basis, which could negatively affect our future results of operations. In addition, we may continue to make investments in such areas as:

•research and development, including investments in our engineering teams and in further differentiating our platform and solutions with improvements to our Create and Grow Solutions, as well as the development of new solutions and features;

•our sales and marketing organizations to engage our existing and prospective customers, increase brand awareness and drive adoption and expansion of our platform and solutions;

•research and development and sales and marketing initiatives to grow our presence in new industries and use cases beyond the gaming industry;

•our technology infrastructure, including systems architecture, scalability, availability, performance, and security;

•acquisitions or strategic investments;

•global expansion; and

•our general and administration organization, including legal, IT, and accounting expenses associated with ongoing public company compliance and reporting obligations, including maintaining proper and effective internal controls over financial reporting.

Our efforts to achieve profitability may be costlier than we expect and may not be effective. Even if such investments increase our revenue, any such increase may not be enough to offset increased operating expenses. Cost-cutting efforts, such as discontinuing certain product offerings, reducing our workforce or reducing our office footprint layoffs, may not be effective or may not be effective on the timelines we expect.

If we fail to successfully execute our plans to reset our portfolio to focus on our Strategic Portfolio and to right-size our investments, our business will be harmed.

We have reset our portfolio to focus on the Unity Engine, Cloud and Monetization solutions as well as AI, exiting other businesses and right-sizing our investments. These efforts may not be effective or sufficient to offset our expenses, and may themselves have adverse impacts, such as loss of continuity or accumulated knowledge, inefficiency during transitional periods, distraction, and potential challenges operating our business with fewer resources. For example, in the first quarter of 2024 we reduced our employee workforce by approximately 25%, and certain members of our management team, including the ironSource founders, departed from their operational roles. The departure of these employees may create a loss of accumulated knowledge, inefficiency, and other challenges to operating our business. If we fail to efficiently execute on these plans to restructure, or if the benefits from these efforts are not achieved on the timeline we expect, we may fail to achieve or maintain profitability.

We have a limited history operating our business at its current scale, and as a result, our past results may not be indicative of future operating performance.

We have a limited history operating our business at its current scale and scope. You should not rely on our past results of operations as indicators of future performance. Overall growth of our revenue is difficult to predict and depends in part on our ability to execute on our integration of ironSource, our 

27

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

portfolio reset, and other growth strategies. You should consider and evaluate our prospects in light of the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by growing companies in rapidly evolving markets. These risks and uncertainties include challenges in accurate financial planning as a result of limited historical data relevant to the current scale and scope of our business and the uncertainties resulting from having had a relatively limited time period in which to implement and evaluate our business strategies as compared to companies with longer operating histories.

If we are not able to grow efficiently and manage our costs, we may not achieve profitability on a GAAP basis.

We are aiming to achieve and maintain profitability on a GAAP basis. To do so, we need to continuously improve our platform’s capabilities, features and functionality. In addition, we will need to appropriately scale our internal business, IT, and financial, operating and administrative systems to serve our growing customer base, while continuing to manage headcount, capital and operating and reporting processes, and continue to integrate them with ironSource's, in an efficient manner. Any failure of or delay in these efforts could result in impaired performance and reduced customer satisfaction, resulting in decreased sales to new customers or lower dollar-based net expansion rates, which would hurt our revenue growth and our reputation. Further, any failure in optimizing the costs associated with our third-party cloud services could negatively impact our gross margins. Even if we are successful in our efforts to grow and expand, such efforts will be expensive and complex, and require the dedication of significant management time and attention. We may also suffer inefficiencies or service disruptions as a result of our efforts to scale our internal infrastructure. Cost-cutting interventions and improvements to our internal infrastructure to offset expenses may not be effectively implemented on a timely basis, and such failures could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We may fail to realize the possible synergies between our Create and Grow Solutions, including the benefits of the ironSource Merger, or those synergies may take longer to realize than expected.

We believe that there are significant benefits and synergies that may be realized through leveraging our Create and Grow Solutions. However, the efforts to realize these benefits and synergies is a complex process and may disrupt our existing operations if not implemented in a timely and efficient manner. The full benefits of these synergies, including those from the ironSource Merger, may not be realized as expected or may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame, or at all. In addition, we may incur additional or unexpected costs in order to realize these revenue synergies. Failure to achieve these synergies could adversely affect our results of operations or cash flows, cause dilution to our earnings per share, and negatively impact our stock price.

Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to manage our expansion, which poses numerous risks and uncertainties, including the ongoing integration of the operations and business of ironSource into our existing business in an efficient and timely manner, to combine systems and management controls and to integrate relationships with industry contacts and business partners. We are devoting significant attention and resources to the integration and operation of the combined company, and to successfully aligning the business practices and operations of Unity and ironSource, in order to recognize the synergies between our Create and Grow Solutions.

If we are unable to retain our existing customers and expand their use of our platform, or attract new customers, our growth and operating results could be adversely affected, and we may be required to reconsider our growth strategy.

Our future success depends on our ability to retain our existing customers, expand their use of our platform and attract new customers. Our marketing efforts may not be successful despite the resources we devote to them.

28

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

We derive a significant portion of our revenue from our Grow Solutions, and such revenue is primarily generated under a revenue-share or profit-share model. Under such models, our customers depend on us as a source of their own revenue, which in some cases may represent a significant portion of their revenue. Should customers lose confidence in the value or effectiveness of our Monetization solutions or if our Grow Solutions are less effective, consumption of these offerings could decline. For example, our revenue growth in the first half of 2022 was negatively impacted by challenges with certain of our Grow Solutions (including a fault in our platform that resulted in reduced accuracy of one of our monetization tools, as well as the consequences of ingesting bad data from a large customer) that reduced the efficacy of such products. We focused our resources on addressing the data quality and accuracy challenges we observed with certain monetization tools in the first quarter of 2022. Our interventions to address such challenges were effective; however, external factors, including the competitive landscape, negative macroeconomic conditions, longer sales cycles, and reduced advertiser spend prolonged our recovery and negatively impacted the growth of our Grow Solutions. We must continually add new features and functionality to our Grow Solutions to remain competitive and respond to our customers' needs. If we are not successful in retaining and attracting new customers to our Grow Solutions, our business and results of operations would be adversely affected. In addition, if we fail to attract or retain existing ironSource customers into our Grow Solutions, our business could be harmed.

Our Grow Solutions are also dependent upon the continued proliferation of mobile connected devices, such as smartphones and tablets, as well as the increased consumption of content through those devices. Consumer usage of these mobile connected devices may be inhibited for a number of reasons beyond our control. If user adoption of mobile connected devices or user consumption of content on those devices do not continue to grow, our business could be harmed.

Create Solutions customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions, which are primarily one to three years in length, after they expire, and have no obligation to continue using our Grow Solutions, which are primarily sold under revenue-share or profit-share-based models. In the third quarter of 2023 we announced changes to our pricing model for our Create Solutions, which will become effective for users of the next major release of the software expected to be available in 2024. We experienced a high volume of negative customer feedback including a boycott and a slowdown of signing new contracts and renewals as a result of these changes, which we believe negatively impacted our Grow Solutions revenue in the second half of 2023. If we fail to recover or reengage our customers or fail to attract new customers as a result of this announcement, our business could be harmed.

Our Grow Solutions customers rely on us to attract a broad range of advertisers to our platform to generate demand for their impressions through our offerings such as LevelPlay, Unity Ads, and Sonic. If we are unable to also serve the needs of advertisers, they may reduce their consumption of our solutions and, because the advertising market is highly competitive, they may shift their business to other advertising solutions or supply paths, which could adversely affect our revenue. 

All of our offerings are also subject to factors and events beyond our control. Macroeconomic factors like labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, and inflation continue to cause logistical challenges, increased input costs, and inventory constraints for advertisers. These factors have in the past decreased, and may in the future decrease or halt, advertiser spending.

For us to maintain or improve our results of operations, it is important that our Create Solutions customers renew and expand their subscriptions with us and that our Grow Solutions customers continue using and expanding their use of our solutions. We invest in targeted sales and account-based marketing efforts to identify opportunities to grow use of our solutions within and across multiple studios within a single customer. However, our efforts may not be successful despite the resources we devote to them. Even if one or several studios within a customer adopt our Create or Grow Solutions, other studios within that customer may choose to adopt different solutions or to continue to employ internally-developed solutions.

It is also important for us to cross-sell more Create Solutions to our Grow Solutions customers, as well as Grow Solutions to our Create Solutions customers. While we believe there are significant cross-

29

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

selling opportunities between our Create and Grow Solutions, and that our Create and Grow Solutions work together synergistically, our efforts to cross-sell may not be successful.

The markets in which we participate are competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed.

The markets in which we operate are highly competitive. Specifically, we have faced and may continue to face competition as a result of:

•the internal development of alternative solutions by a significant number of companies, including other gaming companies;

•lower prices or free solutions offered by our competitors, some of whom may offer more favorable payment terms to publishers; 

•mergers, acquisitions and other strategic relationships amongst our competitors which may allow them to provide more comprehensive offerings or achieve greater economies of scale than us, and may introduce new competitors in our markets; 

•intense competition within the gaming market which may impact our company and a significant number of our customers, who also operate in the gaming market; 

•the introduction of alternative solutions by larger, more experienced companies that offer 2D and 3D design solutions in the industries in which we may expand into; and

•rapid technological change, such as the rise of AI and machine learning, evolving industry standards, changing regulations, as well as changing customer needs, requirements and preferences.

Our competitors may have greater name recognition, longer operating histories, more established customer relationships, larger marketing budgets and greater financial and operational resources than we do. We cannot assure you that we will not be forced to engage in price-cutting or revenue limiting initiatives, change payment terms or increase our advertising and other expenses to attract and retain customers in response to competitive pressures. For example, in the third quarter of 2023 we announced changes to our pricing model for our Create Solutions, which will become effective for users of the next major release of the software expected to be available in 2024. We experienced a high volume of negative customer feedback including a boycott and a slowdown of signing new contracts and renewals as a result of these changes. If we fail to recover or reengage our customers, or fail to attract new customers, as a result of this announcement, our business could be harmed.

For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against our current or future competitors, which could result in the failure of our platform to continue to achieve or maintain market acceptance, which would harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the market in which we compete achieves the forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at a similar rate, if at all.

Our estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate. Market opportunity estimates and growth forecasts, including those we have generated ourselves, are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates that may not prove to be accurate. The variables that affect the calculation of our market opportunity are also subject to change over time.

We cannot assure you that any particular number or percentage of addressable users or companies covered by our market opportunity estimates will purchase our solutions at all or generate any particular level of revenue for us. In addition, any expansion in our market depends on a number of factors, including the cost, performance and perceived value associated with our platform and those of our competitors. Even if the market in which we compete meets the size estimates and growth we forecast, our business could fail to achieve a substantial share of this market or grow at a similar rate, if at all. Our 

30

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

growth is subject to many risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, the estimates of market opportunity or forecasts of market growth we have made and may make should not be taken as indicative of our future growth.

Operating system platform providers or application stores may change terms of service, policies or technical requirements applicable to us or our customers, which could adversely impact our business.

We and our customers are subject to the standard policies and terms of service of the operating system platforms on which we create, run and monetize applications and content, as well as policies and terms of service of the various application stores, such as the Apple App Store or Google Play Store, which make applications and content available to end users. Each of these operating system platforms and stores has broad discretion to change and interpret its terms of service and policies. Each may also change its fee structure, add fees associated with access to and use of its platform, alter how customers are able to advertise or monetize on their platform, change how the personal or other user information is made available to application developers on their platform, limit the use of personal information for advertising purposes or restrict how end users can share information on their platform or across other platforms.

In particular, operating system platform providers or application stores such as Apple or Google have in the past and may in the future change their technical requirements or policies in a manner that adversely impacts the way in which we or our customers offer solutions or collect, use, and share data from end-user devices. Restrictions on our ability to collect and use data as desired could negatively impact our Create Solutions and Grow Solutions as well as our resource planning and feature development planning for our software. For example, Google is continuing to develop their implementation of Android Privacy Sandbox, a set of technologies that will, when their use is mandated, alter the manner in which advertising is performed on Android devices, and which may impact our business. The long-term impact of these and other future privacy, platform, and regulatory changes could increase application store fees to our customers, or have other impacts which could harm our business.

If we or our customers violate or are accused of violating these terms of service or policies, an operating system platform provider or application store could limit or discontinue our or our customers' access to its platform or store. They could also limit or discontinue our access to its platform or store if it establishes more favorable relationships with one or more of our competitors or it determines that it is in their business interests to do so. Any limitation on or discontinuation of our or our customers' access to any third-party platform or application store could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.

If we are unable to further expand into new industries, or if our solutions for any new industry fail to achieve market acceptance, our growth and operating results could be adversely affected, and we may be required to reconsider our growth strategy.

Our growth strategy is based, in part, on expanding into new industries beyond gaming. The market for interactive RT3D and 2D content in industries beyond gaming is still developing, and it is uncertain whether this market will develop as we expect, how rapidly it will develop and how much it will grow. Our success in these markets will depend, to a substantial extent, on the widespread adoption of our platform as an alternative to existing solutions, such as traditional 2D and 3D modeling and rendering tools, or adoption by customers that are not currently using any software solutions. Market acceptance of our platform in industries beyond gaming may not grow as we expect and if our platform does not achieve widespread adoption in these other markets, our ability to grow our revenue may suffer.

In addition, the investments we make to grow our business by expanding into new industries will continue to increase our costs and operating expenses on an absolute basis. We expect to invest significant research and development resources to develop and expand our solutions' functionality to meet the needs of customers in these industries, and we will need to increase our sales and marketing, legal and compliance and other efforts as we seek to expand into new industries that require a different go-to-market strategy than the gaming industry. These investments will occur in advance of our realization 

31

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

of significant revenue from such industries, particularly given that customers in these industries are typically enterprise customers with long contracting cycles, which will make it difficult to determine if we are allocating our resources effectively and efficiently. If the revenue we derive from these investments is not sufficient to achieve a return on investment, our business and results of operations would suffer.

Our business relies in part on strategic relationships. If we are unable to maintain favorable terms and conditions and business relations with respect to our strategic relationships, our business could be harmed.

We rely in part on strategic partnerships and other strategic relationships with hardware, operating system, device, game console, and other technology providers in order to be able to offer our customers the ability to deploy their content on a variety of third-party platforms. If any of these third parties were to suspend, limit or cease their operations or otherwise terminate their relationships with us, our results of operations could be adversely affected. We have entered into separate agreements with each of our strategic partners. Our agreements with our strategic partners are non-exclusive and typically have multi-year terms. We may have disagreements or disputes with these parties that could negatively impact or threaten our relationship with them. We may not be successful in sourcing additional strategic partnerships or relationships or in retaining or extending our existing relationships with the parties with whom we currently have relationships, including as a result of acquisitions by competitors of our strategic partners or strategic partners themselves becoming competitors. If we are unable to source additional strategic relationships or the parties with whom we currently have strategic relationships were to terminate their relationship with us, our revenue could decline and our business could be adversely affected.

We are dependent on the success of our customers in the gaming market. Adverse events relating to our customers or their games could have a negative impact on our business.

Our gaming customers are not the end users of our solutions, but rather they use our platform and solutions to create and/or operate their games, which are ultimately sold or distributed to an end user. As a result, our success depends in part on the ability of our customers to market and sell games that are created or operated with our solutions. If our customers' marketing efforts are unsuccessful or if our customers experience a decrease in demand for their games, sales of our Create Solutions and our Grow Solutions could be reduced. The gaming market is characterized by intense competition, rapid technological change, increased focus by regulators, and economic uncertainty and, as such, there is no guarantee that any of our customers' games will gain any meaningful traction with end users. In addition, some of our offerings, like Multiplay and Vivox, are more reliant on certain customers. While our large and diverse customer portfolio has helped to reduce the fluctuations in our Grow Solutions revenue as a whole resulting from the success of customers' games and the timing of game releases, we cannot assure you that the size and diversification of our customer portfolio will sufficiently mitigate this risk. If our customers fail to create or operate popular games using our platform, and we are not able to maintain a diversified portfolio of "winners and losers," our results of operations may be adversely affected.

Our results of operations have fluctuated in the past and are expected to fluctuate in the future, making it difficult to project future results, and if we fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors with respect to our results of operations, our stock price, and the value of your investment could decline.

Our results of operations have fluctuated in the past and are expected to fluctuate in the future due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result, our past results may not be indicative of our future performance. In addition to the other risks described herein, factors that may affect our results of operations include the following:

•fluctuations in demand for, usage of, or pricing of our platform;

•changes in mix of solutions purchased by our customers;

32

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

•demand for our gaming customers' products and their ability to monetize those products, which in turn can have a significant impact on our revenue-share and consumption-based solutions;

•timing and amount of our investments to expand the capacity of our third-party cloud hosting providers;

•seasonality, especially with respect to our Grow Solutions, which tend to generate higher revenue during periods of increased time spent on entertainment, such as holidays;

•downturns or upturns in our sales which may not be immediately reflected in our financial position and results of operations;

•timing of customer budget cycles, purchases--including longer sales cycles for enterprise customers--and usage of our platform;

•market conditions and risks associated with the gaming industry, including the popularity, price and timing of release of games, changes in consumer demographics, the availability and popularity of other forms of entertainment, public tastes and preferences;

•timing of updates and new features on our platform;

•fluctuations or delays in purchasing decisions in anticipation of new solutions or enhancements by us or our competitors;

•amount and timing of payment for operating expenses, particularly research and development and sales and marketing expenses, including commissions, many of which occur in advance of the anticipated benefits resulting from such expenses;

•amount and timing of non-cash expenses, including stock-based compensation, amortization of acquired intangibles and acquisition-related expenses;

•amount and timing of costs associated with recruiting, training and integrating new employees and retaining and motivating existing employees;

•timing of acquisitions and costs associated with integrating acquired companies;

•general economic, social and public health conditions, both domestically and globally, including uncertain macroeconomic conditions, as well as conditions specifically affecting industries in which our customers operate, which can impact customer spending and result in longer deal cycles;

•incorrect estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies;

•impact of new accounting pronouncements or changes in accounting principles;

•costs that we incur in order to comply with changing regulatory, tax or legal requirements, especially with respect to privacy and security matters; and

•significant security breaches of, technical difficulties with or interruptions to the delivery and use of our platform.

Any of these and other factors, or the cumulative effect of some of these factors, may cause our results of operations to vary significantly. If our quarterly results of operations fall below the expectations of investors and securities analysts who follow our stock, the price of our common stock could decline substantially, and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits.

Third parties with whom we do business may be unable to honor their obligations to us or their actions may put us at risk.

We rely on third parties, including our strategic partners, for various aspects of our business, including deep technology collaborations, co-marketing, advertising partners, development services agreements, and revenue share arrangements. Their actions may put our business, reputation, and brand 

33

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

at risk. In many cases, third parties may be given access to sensitive and proprietary information or personal information in order to provide services and support to our teams or customers, and they may misappropriate and engage in unauthorized use of our information, technology or customers' data. In addition, the failure of these third parties to provide adequate services and technologies, or the failure of the third parties to adequately maintain or update their services and technologies, could result in a disruption to our business operations. Further, disruptions in the mobile application industry, financial markets, economic downturns, poor business decisions, or reputational harm may adversely affect our partners and may increase their propensity to engage in fraud or otherwise illegal activity which could harm our business reputation, and they may not be able to continue honoring their obligations to us, or we may cease our arrangements with them. Alternative arrangements and services may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all and we may experience business interruptions upon a transition to an alternative partner or vendor. If we lose one or more business relationships, or experience a degradation of services, our business could be harmed and our financial results could be adversely affected.

We use resellers and other third parties to sell, market, and deploy our solutions to a variety of customers, and our failure to effectively develop, manage, and maintain our indirect sales channels would harm our business.

We use resellers and other third parties to sell, market, and deploy our Create Solutions to a variety of customers, particularly in industries beyond gaming. For example, we currently leverage an indirect value-added reseller network to cost effectively service our mid-sized, small and independent Create Solutions customers and we engage in cooperative marketing efforts with strategic partners. Loss of or reduction in sales through these third parties could reduce our revenue. Identifying and retaining resellers and strategic partners, training them in our technology and solutions, and negotiating and documenting relationships with them, requires significant time and resources. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain our relationships with our resellers or strategic partners on favorable terms or at all.

Our resellers may cease marketing or reselling our platform with limited or no notice and without penalty. Further, a substantial number of our agreements with resellers are non-exclusive such that those resellers may offer customers the solutions of several different companies, including solutions that compete with ours. Our resellers may favor our competitors' solutions or services over ours, including due to incentives that our competitors provide to resellers. One or more of our resellers could be acquired by one of our competitors, which could adversely affect our ability to sell through that reseller. If our resellers do not effectively sell, market or deploy our solutions, choose to promote our competitors' solutions, or otherwise fail to meet the needs of our customers, our ability to sell our solutions could be adversely affected.

Our direct sales force targets larger customers, and sales to these customers involve risks that may not be present or that are present to a lesser extent with respect to sales to smaller customers.

We utilize a direct sales organization to increase adoption within larger enterprise customers and to expand into new industries, such as automotive, where potential customers are typically larger organizations. In particular, our success for our Grow Solutions depends in part on larger enterprise customers. Sales to larger customers involve risks that may not be present or that are present to a lesser extent with sales to smaller customers, such as longer sales cycles, more complex customer requirements, substantial upfront sales costs, and less predictability in completing some of our sales. If we do not effectively expand our direct sales capabilities to address these industries effectively or develop effective sales and marketing strategies for those industries, or if we focus our efforts on non-gaming industries that end up being slow adopters of our platform and solutions, our ability to increase sales of our platform and solutions to industries and for use cases outside gaming will be adversely affected.

34

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

We provide service-level agreement commitments related to certain of our Create and Grow Solutions. If we fail to meet these contractual commitments, we could be obligated to provide refunds of prepaid amounts or other credits, which would lower our revenue and harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Certain of our Create and Grow Solutions include service-level agreements commitments. If we are unable to meet the stated service-level commitments, including failure to meet the uptime and response time requirements under our customer agreements, we could face terminations and/or refunds of prepaid amounts or other credits, which could significantly affect both our current and future revenue. Any service-level failures could also damage our reputation, which could also adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

If we fail to offer high-quality support, our ability to retain and attract customers could suffer.

Our customers rely on our sales, customer success and customer support personnel and tools to resolve issues and realize the full benefits that our platform provides. High-quality support is important for the retention of our existing customers and expanding their use of our platform. The importance of these functions will increase as we expand our business, pursue new customers and seek to expand the use of our platform and solutions by enterprise customers in new industries outside of gaming. If we do not help our customers quickly resolve issues and provide effective ongoing support, our ability to maintain and expand our solution to existing and new customers could suffer, and our reputation with existing or potential customers could suffer.

Indemnity provisions in various agreements to which we are a party potentially expose us to substantial liability for infringement, misappropriation or other violation of intellectual property rights, data protection and other losses.

Our agreements with our customers and other third parties may include indemnification provisions under which we agree to indemnify or otherwise be liable for losses suffered or incurred as a result of certain claims relating to or arising from our software, services, platform, our acts or omissions under such agreements or other contractual obligations. In some cases, the liability is not limited and we may still incur substantial liability related to such agreements, and we may be required to cease providing certain functions or features on our platform as a result of any such claims. Even if we succeed in contractually limiting our liability, such limitations may not be enforceable. Any dispute with a customer or other third party with respect to such obligations could have adverse effects on our relationship with such customer or other third party and other existing or prospective customers, reduce demand for our platform and adversely affect our business, financial conditions and results of operations. In addition, our insurance may not be adequate to indemnify us for all liability that may be imposed on us or otherwise protect us from liabilities or damages with respect to claims, including claims on such matters as alleged compromises of customer data, which may be substantial. Any such coverage may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms or at all.

Our business could be disrupted by catastrophic events, including health pandemics, militarization, or war.

Any catastrophic event, including earthquake, fire, flood, tsunami or other weather event, power loss, telecommunications failure, software or hardware malfunction, cyber-attack, war or terrorist attack, explosion, or pandemic could impact our business. In particular, our corporate headquarters are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity, and are thus vulnerable to damage in an earthquake. Our insurance coverage may not compensate us for losses that may occur in the event of an earthquake or other significant natural disaster. In addition, certain of our operations could be impacted by militarization or war, discussed below. If any disaster were to occur, our ability to operate our business at our facilities could be impaired and we could incur significant losses, require substantial recovery time and experience significant expenditures in order to resume operations. If we are unable to develop adequate plans to ensure that our business functions continue to operate during and after a disaster and to execute successfully on those plans in the event of a disaster or emergency, our business would be harmed.

35

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

Conditions in Israel, including political unrest, militarization and war, has impacted and may further adversely affect our operations.

Because many of the operations of Grow Solutions are conducted in Israel, many of our employees, including certain management members, are located in Israel. Political unrest, militarization, or continued war in Israel or the surrounding region has not materially impacted our operations as a whole, but has impacted our employee productivity in Israel, and may further adversely affect our business. Following attacks in Israel by Hamas, a U.S. designated terrorist organization, Israel formally declared war. In addition, there have also been rocket attacks by Hezbollah, also a U.S. designated terrorist organization, in the north of the country. Several hundred thousand Israeli military reservists were drafted into immediate military service. While most reservists were released from active service, if a substantial number of our employees, key members of our management team, or employees of our service providers in Israel are conscripted into military service on a prolonged basis, our operations and result of operations, particularly of our Grow Solutions, may be harmed.

In the event that our facilities in Israel or facilities of providers of critical services to our operations in Israel are damaged, our ability to deliver or provide solutions and services in a timely manner to meet our contractual obligations with customers, partners and vendors and otherwise meet users' expectations, and our ability to develop our solutions in order to be competitive, could be adversely affected. In addition, we may incur significant costs in order to resume operations and we may be unable to develop or implement adequate plans to ensure continuity of business functions. Our commercial insurance may not cover losses that may occur as a result of events associated with war and terrorism. The Israeli government currently covers the reinstatement value of direct damages that are caused by terrorist attacks or acts of war, but we cannot assure you that such government coverage will be maintained or that it will sufficiently cover our potential damages. Any losses or damages incurred by us could harm our business.

In addition, some countries may impose restrictions on doing business with Israel or companies with operations in Israel. There have also been calls to boycott Israeli goods and services. Such efforts may impact the operations of Grow Solutions and harm our business.

The intensity and duration of Israel’s current war against Hamas and the hostilities on the northern border are difficult to predict, as are its impacts on Israel's economy in general and on our business and operations that are conducted in Israel.

Our current operations are and will continue to be global in scope, creating a variety of operational challenges.

We currently have operations and customers across all major global markets. We also have a sales presence in multiple countries. We expect that our global activities will continue to grow for the foreseeable future as we continue to pursue growth opportunities, which will require significant dedication of management attention and financial resources.

Our current and future global business and operations involve a variety of risks, including:

•slower than anticipated availability and adoption of our platform by creators outside the U.S., for example, in China where we experienced softness throughout 2023;

•the need to adapt and localize our platform for specific countries;

•maintaining our company culture, which emphasizes developing and launching new and innovative solutions and which we believe is essential to our business, across all of our offices globally and requires aligning our values across cultures and viewpoints;

•difficulty collecting accounts receivable and potential for longer payment cycles;

•increased reliance on resellers and other third parties for our global expansion;

•burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws, including costs associated with legal structures, accounting, statutory filings and tax liabilities;

36

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

•stringent and evolving regulations relating to privacy and data security and the unauthorized use of, or access to, commercial and personal information, particularly in Europe and China;

•differing and potentially more onerous labor regulations and practices, especially in Europe;

•challenges inherent in efficiently managing, and the increased costs associated with, an increased number of employees over large geographic distances, including the need to implement appropriate systems, policies, benefits, statutory equity requirements and compliance programs that are specific to each jurisdiction;

•unexpected changes in trade relations, regulations, laws or enforcement, including changes to export control restrictions, economic sanctions, and trade embargoes;

•difficulties in managing a business in new markets with diverse cultures, languages, customs, legal systems, alternative dispute systems, and regulatory systems;

•increased travel, real estate, infrastructure and legal compliance costs associated with multiple global locations and subsidiaries;

•currency exchange rate fluctuations and the resulting effect on our revenue and expenses, and the cost and risk of hedging transactions;

•higher levels of credit risk and payment fraud, particularly the risk that excessive fraudulent activity could harm our ability to meet credit card association merchant standards and our right to accept credit cards for payment;

•restrictions on the transfer of funds, such as limitations on our ability to reinvest earnings from operations in one country to fund the capital needs of our operations in other countries;

•laws and business practices favoring local competitors or general market preferences for local vendors;

•reduced or uncertain intellectual property protection or difficulties obtaining, maintaining, protecting or enforcing our intellectual property rights, including foreign government interference with our intellectual property that resides outside of the U.S.;

•political instability, societal unrest, hostilities, war, or terrorist activities, including in Israel or the surrounding region where a significant portion of our Grow Solutions team is located; and subsequent retaliatory measures and sanctions;

•exposure to liabilities under anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA"), U.S. bribery laws, the United Kingdom ("U.K.") Bribery Act, and similar laws and regulations in other jurisdictions; and 

•adverse tax burdens and foreign exchange controls that could make it difficult to repatriate earnings and cash.

If we invest substantial time and resources to grow our business in markets outside the U.S. and are unable to do so successfully and in a timely manner, our business and results of operations will suffer.

We are exposed to collection and credit risks, which could impact our operating results.

Our accounts receivable are subject to collection and credit risks, which could impact our operating results. Our Create Solutions typically include upfront purchase commitments for a one- to three-year subscription, which may be invoiced over multiple reporting periods, increasing these risks. We rely on payments from advertisers in order to pay our Grow Solutions customers their revenue earned from Unity Ads, LevelPlay, and Sonic. We are generally obligated to pay our customers for revenue earned within a negotiated period of time, regardless of whether or not our advertisers have paid us on time, or at all. While we attempt to negotiate a longer payment period with our customers and shorter periods for our advertisers, we are not always successful. As a result, we can face a timing issue with our accounts payable on shorter cycles than our accounts receivable, requiring us to remit payments from our own funds, and accept the risk of bad debt. Businesses that are good credit risks at the time of sale may 

37

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

become bad credit risks over time. In times of economic recession, the number of our customers who default on payments owed to us tends to increase. Our operating results may be impacted by significant bankruptcies among customers, which could negatively impact our revenue and cash flows. We cannot assure you that our processes to monitor and mitigate these risks will be effective. If we fail to adequately assess and monitor our credit risks, we could experience longer payment cycles, increased collection costs and higher bad debt expense, and our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed.

Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or perceived concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any such events, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our current and projected future business operations could be significantly impaired by factors that affect us, or customers, the financial institutions with which we have arrangements directly, or the financial services industry or economy in general. Any further deterioration in the macroeconomic economy or financial services industry could lead to losses or defaults by parties with whom we conduct business, which in turn, could have an adverse effect on our current and/or projected business operations and results of operations and financial condition. For example, a party with whom we conduct business may fail to make payments when due, default under their agreements with us, become insolvent or declare bankruptcy. Any bankruptcy or insolvency, or the failure to make payments when due, of any counterparty of ours, or the loss of any significant relationships, could result in losses to us and may adversely impact our business.

Fluctuations in currency exchange rates could harm our operating results and financial condition.

We offer our solutions to customers globally and have operations globally. Although the majority of our cash generated from revenue is denominated in U.S. dollars, revenue generated and expenses incurred by our subsidiaries outside of the U.S. are often denominated in the currencies of the local countries. As a result, our consolidated U.S. dollar financial statements have been and will continue to be subject to fluctuations due to changes in exchange rates as the financial results of our non-U.S. subsidiaries are translated from local currencies into U.S. dollars. In particular, the strengthening of the U.S. dollar could continue to negatively impact our business. Our financial results are also subject to changes in exchange rates that impact the settlement of transactions in non-local currencies. Because we conduct business in currencies other than U.S. dollars but report our results of operations in U.S. dollars, we also face remeasurement exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could hinder our ability to predict our future results and earnings and could materially impact our results of operations. As a result of the ironSource Merger, we have certain limited forward currency contracts in place to hedge foreign currency exposure, but we have not otherwise engaged in currency hedging activities to limit the risk of exchange fluctuations and, as a result, our financial condition and operating results have been and could continue to be adversely affected by such fluctuations.

We may require additional capital to support the growth of our business, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all.

We cannot be certain when or if our operations will generate sufficient cash to fully fund our ongoing operations or the growth of our business. We intend to continue to make investments to support our business and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new solutions, products, services or enhance our existing solutions, products or services, enhance our operating infrastructure, expand globally and acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Additional financing may not be available on terms favorable to us, if at all. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to invest in future growth opportunities, which could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. In addition, we may need to take other measures that would impact our liquidity. For example, under certain conditions we may be 

38

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

required to repurchase the third-party interest in Unity China, which would impact our liquidity. If we incur additional debt the debt holders would have rights senior to holders of common stock to make claims on our assets, and the terms of any debt could restrict our operations, including our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. Furthermore, if we issue additional equity securities, stockholders will experience dilution, and the new equity securities could have rights senior to those of holders of our common stock. Our inability to obtain adequate financing on terms satisfactory to us, when we require it, could significantly limit our ability to continue to support our business growth, respond to business challenges, expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities due to lack of sufficient capital. Even if we are able to raise such capital, we cannot assure you that it will enable us to achieve better operating results or grow our business.

Risks Related to Our Platform and Technology

If we do not make our platform, including new versions or technology advancements, easier to use or properly train customers on how to use our platform, our ability to broaden the appeal of our platform and solutions and to increase our revenue could suffer.

Our platform can be complex to use, and our ability to expand the appeal of our platform depends in part on ensuring that it can be used by a variety of creators. While certain features of our solutions are designed to address the needs of professional developers, we believe that our ability to expand adoption of our platform will depend in part on our ability to address the needs of creators with varied needs and levels of expertise, including artists, animators and sound technicians, as well as new categories of creators and end users, such as architects, civil and mechanical engineers, and designers, in industries beyond gaming. Accordingly, it will be important to our future success that we continue to increase the accessibility of our platform and if we are not able to, our ability to increase adoption of our platform will suffer.

In order to get full use of our platform, users generally need training. We provide a variety of training resources to our customers, and we believe we will need to continue to maintain and enhance the breadth and effectiveness of our training resources as the scope and complexity of our platform increase. If we do not provide effective training resources for our customers on how to efficiently and effectively use our platform, our ability to grow our business will suffer, and our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. Additionally, when we announce or release new versions of our platform or advancements in our technology, we could fail to sufficiently explain or train our customers on how to use such new versions or advancements or we may announce or release such versions prematurely. These failures on our part may lead to our customers being confused about use of our offerings or expected technology releases, and our ability to grow our business, results of operations, brand and reputation may be adversely affected. For example, such failures have in the past led to customers expressing frustration with our platform on social media and other internet sites.

Interruptions, performance problems, or defects associated with our platform may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our reputation and ability to attract and retain customers and grow our business depends in part on our ability to operate our platform at high levels of reliability, scalability and performance, including the ability of our existing and potential customers to access our platform at any time and within an acceptable amount of time. Interruptions in the performance of our platform and solutions, whether due to system failures, computer viruses or physical or electronic break-ins, could affect the availability of our platform. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, disruptions, outages and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, introductions of new functionality, human or software errors, capacity constraints due to an overwhelming number of customers accessing our platform simultaneously, denial of service attacks or other security-related incidents.

It may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve our performance, especially during peak usage times and as our customer base grows and our platform becomes more complex. If our platform is unavailable or if our customers are unable to access our platform within a reasonable amount of time or at all, we may experience a loss of customers, lost or delayed market acceptance of our 

39

Table of Contents
Unity Software Inc.

platform, delays in payment to us by customers, injury to our reputation and brand, legal claims against us, significant cost of remedying these problems and the diversion of our resources. In addition, to the extent that we do not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems as needed and continually develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as our reputation, may be adversely affected. For example, due to heightened concerns about the regulatory environment with respect to privacy and security matters, our customers are increasingly requesting audit certifications, such as SOC 2, Type II, that we have not yet achieved with respect to some of our offerings. Failure to achieve these certifications may adversely impact our ability to grow our business at the pace that may be expected by our investors. Additionally, material interruptions to our service due to security-related incidents may expose us to regulatory fines in certain jurisdictions where we operate even in the absence of data loss.

Further, the software technology underlying our platform is inherently complex and may contain material defects or errors, particularly when new solutions are first introduced or when new features or capabilities are released. We have from time to time found defects or errors in our platform, and new defects or errors in our existing platform or new solutions may be detected in the future by us or our users. For example, our revenue growth in the first half of 2022 was negatively impacted by challenges with certain of our Grow Solutions (including a fault in our platform that resulted in reduced accuracy of one of our monetization tools, as well as the consequences of ingesting bad data from a large customer) that reduced the efficacy of such products.

We cannot assure you that our existing platform and new offerings will not contain defects. Any real or perceived errors, failures, vulnerabilities, or bugs in our platform could result in negative publicity or lead to data security, access, retention or other performance issues, all of which could harm our business. The costs incurred in correcting such defects or errors may be substantial and could harm our business. Moreover, the harm to our reputation and legal liability related to such defects or errors may be substantial and could similarly harm our business.

We are increasingly building AI into certain of our offerings, and issues raised by the use of AI in our offerings may adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results.

We are increasingly building AI into certain of our offerings, such as Unity Muse, an expansive platform for AI-driven assistance during creation, and Unity Sentis, which allows creators to embed an AI model in the Unity Runtime for their game or application, enhancing gameplay and other functionality. We continue to advance machine learning algorithms in our Grow Solutions, which are designed to enable us to provide customers with better performance. AI technologies are complex and rapidly evolving, and we face significant competition from other companies as well as an evolving regulatory landscape. The evolving regulatory landscape and our product development efforts may result in new or enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, ethical concerns, or other complications that could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results. For example, the use of datasets to develop and be referenced by AI models, the content generated by AI systems, or the application of AI systems may be found to be insufficient, offensive, biased, or harmful, or violate current or future laws and regulations or third-party rights. In addition, AI and machine learning ("ML") models may create flawed, incomplete, or inaccurate outputs, some of which may appear correct. If our technology is used by an end user in a controversial manner due to their perceived or actual impact on society, we may experience brand or reputational harm, competitive harm or legal liability.

In addition, market acceptance of AI technologies is uncertain, and we may be unsuccessful in product development efforts. Our solutions that use AI could fail to achieve market acceptance, or our competitors may use AI technologies m

[... truncated, full filing: 249854 chars ...]
