---
ticker: PLAID
type: youtube
title: "How Plaid Survived on $60K Before Becoming Fintech Infrastructure | Zach Perret (Plaid)"
channel: "Kleiner Perkins"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vROhusfpJIs
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 75720
---

# How Plaid Survived on $60K Before Becoming Fintech Infrastructure | Zach Perret (Plaid)

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Kleiner Perkins
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vROhusfpJIs

## 转录全文

Every job I believe will be AI enabled or it will not exist in 12 months. The only good thing that I have to say is don't die. If we could survive for a year on $60,000 living in New York, that was a pretty good lesson that all we had to do is decide not to die and we'd keep going. There are times when you're pushing really hard, you have huge goals, then you also need to be recruiting. People will say like, "Hey, I'm going to cut back on the amount of recruiting that I'm doing in order to solve this challenge." We sold the company, a lot of press. We then unsold the company, a lot of press. We had this like interesting brand like association with Visa where to the world Visa had said we trust Vladgo you should trust Vlad like we got a lot of the value of that transaction and still remained independent. I think the impact that we can have on the world is like quite substantial and I think we've only scratched the surface of that. You know in a lot of senses I'm very pleased with where we are but certainly not satisfied. [Music] Welcome to Grit. I'm Jubin, partner at Kleiner Perkins, a show where we go beyond the highlight reel and explore the personal and professional challenges of building history-making companies. Today on the show, we have Zach Pere, co-founder and CEO of Plaid. What started as a string of failed consumer apps became the backbone of modern fintech, powering products like Venmo and Robin Hood. Zach and I go into excruciating detail about the visa acquisition of Plaid for almost $6 billion, the subsequent up round during CO to almost 13 billion, the subsequent down round to almost 6 billion, and now where they are today. Enjoy the episode. You know what I was thinking when I was coming in this morning? The biggest fraud in San Francisco is the weather in the summer. Like every I've lived here almost my entire life. I don't know. Do you live in the city? &gt;&gt; Uh in Noi Valley. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. in Novi Valley and your office is here &gt;&gt; in Soma. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And every year I'm like it's not that bad. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then like this morning I was in Menllo yesterday at our office and then I'm up here today and it's like &gt;&gt; raining basically. Yeah. &gt;&gt; It's completely crazy. &gt;&gt; For the last month my wife and I rented a house in Gilsburg and I would just drive in every day. &gt;&gt; You're kidding. &gt;&gt; As annoying as that drive is, it was worth it because it feels like summer. &gt;&gt; And so you did it literally just to get the weather. &gt;&gt; And how far is the drive from Helsburg to &gt;&gt; It's like an hour and a half. &gt;&gt; Okay. You didn't want to buy something there? &gt;&gt; I mean, no. I mean, yes, of course. I would love to have a house there, but like, no. &gt;&gt; So, you drove every day from Hillsburg? &gt;&gt; No. Three days a week. &gt;&gt; Three days a week. And then you work from home on Friday or something. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. &gt;&gt; And you did that literally just to get &gt;&gt; Yeah. It feels like summer there. &gt;&gt; I mean, 20 minutes north, south, or east of here is summer. &gt;&gt; Exactly. West you're in the ocean. Yeah. That's right. It's cold out there, too. &gt;&gt; That's right. That's right. Um, well, thank you for doing this. I was looking back at um our notes on when the introduction happened. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry that it's taken forever. &gt;&gt; It's fine. Like it's almost like the anticipation has been building, you know. Uh it's uh it was Brian Long, &gt;&gt; okay, &gt;&gt; two years ago. And part of me was like, okay, like why uh has it taken us so long to schedule? and I realized I was like, "Oh, like a lot's been going on on your end." That's like you probably weren't ready to talk about a lot of the stuff that has been going on. So, anyway, I'm just thrilled to do it now. &gt;&gt; Thank you so much for having me. I'm excited to be here. I uh I'll thank Brian for the uh for the introduction. &gt;&gt; How did you two meet? &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. Brian and I met at a dinner. I think it was Enrique Dubrass puts together these like interesting people dinners every now and then and it was at one of those and we kind of became friends and then uh our wives became good friends and so um he's been he's been like kind of just a great person to bounce ideas off of and it's been awesome to watch his entrepreneurial journey &gt;&gt; and he's doing another one. &gt;&gt; He's doing another one. &gt;&gt; Uh Enrique was here doing this with me I six five six weeks ago. &gt;&gt; Nice. And what he has done is insane. Like what him and Pedro have done was insane. It's just crazy. It's just like I respect and admire the way that they have run the business then basically rerun the business all over again. It's pretty crazy. &gt;&gt; It's awesome to watch. Um they're they're a customer and we're a customer of theirs and it's it's been cool to see it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, can I dive into a specific moment in time and then zoom back out and just talk about whatever we want to talk about? Is that okay? &gt;&gt; In media else, let's do it. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. All right. So, um, right before you and I were going to talk, this was 2021, right? Uh, CO. Okay. Two years before we actually got introduced in in the middle of CO. uh you all had raised a bunch of money and Visa comes out and says we're going to acquire you. &gt;&gt; For 13 billion. Was that the headline? &gt;&gt; No. No. So it was uh January of 2020 right before actually. Um where Visa um was going to acquire Plaid for I think it was 5.3 billion. It was just about $5 billion. &gt;&gt; Y &gt;&gt; um and then we were kind of in that transaction for a year. uh ended up walking away after a year when exclusivity lapsed and then we raised it 13 billion. So yeah, it's weird. Was there like a gradient over time where your confidence started to erode &gt;&gt; uh that this that like during that year that this was going to go through? Like did it happen gradually or suddenly? &gt;&gt; Well, it was it was let me give you the whole story. So sold the sold the business in uh January of 2020. Um or signed the paperwork to sell the business in January of 2020. um had this like really hard all hands of the team because some people were really excited, some people were really unhappy about it, some people thought that the potential was was greater, so on and so forth. Um then we kind of fast forward a little bit and things were had like stabilized. Then co hits. So that's March. Exactly. &gt;&gt; Um and then the markets crashed. So like in April, we're looking at this transaction which has a clause in it that says that Visa cannot get out of it in the case of a pandemic. some some lawyer had put pandemic in there like not ever expecting that would happen but it was in there and um it ours was a kind of the dollar amount wouldn't change the amount of equity given to employees though would change so we knew the dollar amount of equity that'd be given to employees but like the number of shares just went way up because Visa's stock price had crashed and we looked at this thing saying oh my gosh we're geniuses we have uh you know a significant transaction fixed price a portion of it is equity to the team everyone everyone in the team is going to own a huge portion of Visa and it's going to be great. Um, and then you fast forward a little bit more and our business just starts starts ripping. Um, so &gt;&gt; how much do you fast forward from that point? Like from &gt;&gt; like like two more months. So, so basically CO starts in in in March, &gt;&gt; Aprilish, Mayish markets have crashed. Um, and then kind of maybe even late May, June, July, markets start to go really fast. And then you look at our business in like July, August, we're just growing at like the fastest pace that we grown in a long time. Um, and it was because people were stuck at home. They needed access to financial products. They needed access to uh to their money. And we were, you know, the infrastructure that allowed them to get there. Um, so at that point, um, we'd kind of So, from a from a deal timeline, you go through these these these different steps. So, first you file the initial paperwork, then the DOJ does a first request or the FDC will do a first request for information. Yeah. Um, then after the first request, most transactions, they say, "Yeah, great. All good." Actually you usually they don't even do a first request but if they do a first request after the first request they say yeah great good. Then we get a second request saying hey we want more information we want to go deeper. How long from first to second? &gt;&gt; Uh 3 months maybe. &gt;&gt; Okay. You had mentioned like you had a all hands at the announcing the acquisition at the beginning of this process that you said was maybe difficult or contentious. Like was it was it difficult and contentious or whatever word you used because half the people still dreamed the dream and thought you were leaving potential on the cutting room floor. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. I mean it was it was one certainly one of the most emotional all hands I've ever done. Um we you know we have this office in Soma and we have these like gigantic stairs uh kind of going up a story and people and they're like super wide. They're like I don't know like 40 ft wide. Um and people are like sitting on these stairs. They're like hanging over the balcony with this kind of atrium area. It's like packed &gt;&gt; and nobody knows what this like do people know yet before you say anything? &gt;&gt; So no one knew that morning and then about like about 20 minutes before the all hands the news started to leak and people started to like tweet about it and it was like on our internal so everybody like knew that we were announcing something something big. They didn't know exactly if the leaks were correct or not. So we have this we have this all hands. Um I'm like standing in front of everyone. I like tell the story and then you can see just look on the faces of people. Some people are like bummed, some people are confused, some people are crying because they're happy. Um some people are just like beaming because you know early employees get a bunch of liquidity and um and then like we actually had some of the V6 execs come and talk uh to the team. Um that was okay. Um, I would say that uh we probably should have coached them a little bit more on exactly what to expect. Um, &gt;&gt; I mean like with all due respect, they're Visa execs, right? They &gt;&gt; Well, look, I I deeply respect them. Like they're they're great people. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but they're like this different vibe than probably Plat employees. &gt;&gt; Different vibe. Yes, I will I will agree with that. Um, and so then they left and like I did this like Q&amp;A. It's just like all of this back and forth um with the team kind of uh hearing what people say and then basically after that I did one-on- ones with like a zillion people just to talk about what they were thinking, what they were feeling and that that that kind of string of one-on- ones continued for about two weeks. Um and for me it was the probably like one of the most emotional times because um our teams come with you know they come with baggage they come with all these thoughts in their head so on and so forth. Um and so it's just about hearing people kind of where they were, what was going on. and I could explain why I was excited, why I thought it was a really good thing. Um, but ultimately they each had their own reaction. Um, we had a second all hands at the end when we decided to walk away and the response was equally emotional for people. Um, and I would say the ratio was pretty similar though the format was different because obviously it was during COVID so we were remote. Um, but a lot of people despite the fact that we told them, you know, don't spend the money in your head, they do that. They do exactly that. You can't help it. You you think, oh, I'm going to have, you know, a couple hundred,000. I'm going to go buy a house. um we come back and we say, "Hey, yeah, eventually um but the stock's not liquid yet. Um and we're going to stay as an independent company and you know, we'll try to do a secondary." And we did do a secondary, but you could buy a car and not a house. And uh so it was just a totally different thing. So um those were probably the two most emotional all hands I've ever done. &gt;&gt; And Zach, pre-all hands, pre you making the decision, &gt;&gt; were your execs looped in? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah, of course. So, okay, you have like, call it 12 to 15 key people. &gt;&gt; Seven. &gt;&gt; Seven. Okay. They're all like looped in. Was the split between them the same as the rest of the company or was it more unanimous one way or another? &gt;&gt; No. No. On the sale, it was it was quite split. Um, it was basically 50/50. I guess there were eight of us and like kind of maybe four or five on the sell side and like three or four on the don't sell. Um and then in the uh decision to walk away from the transaction that was unanimous. Everyone agreed that we should walk away at that point. &gt;&gt; When you bring that decision to the team, how do you frame it? Like as the leader of this decision ultimately it is your call. &gt;&gt; You're taking everybody's like input and then you like make a decision. But do you do people know that because you're bringing the decision to them that default that means that you already want to do this and you're hearing them out? Like how do you not at all balance that? &gt;&gt; Look, I think it's cultural and it goes well beyond this kind of a decision and just the culture of decision-m that we have at Plaid is um individuals own a decision. Um no groups if I ever hear people saying yeah we are going to go decide this thing. I always clarify sorry who which individual is going to decide this thing. Um and then uh you know that individual is responsible for going and finding all of the input, all the descent, all the debate um behind it, but ultimately they make the call. So when I went to the leadership team and said, "Hey, look, this is an option on the table." &gt;&gt; Um and by the way, some of them had known for a while that Visa was circling. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And like some of them had, you know, one of them was the point person that had a relationship with Visa. So they'd known Visa for a very long time. So, it wasn't all of kind of in a given moment that I that I told each of them, but um it was pretty clear when I brought them in, hey, you know, I'd like to get your take. Um why is this a good idea? Why is it a bad idea? We have some group discussions. Um I often times will do a thing where I say, hey, you know, you person, can you take the other side of this and can we can we talk about it and think about it? Um I don't remember the exact process I went through in that, but it was a lot of that kind of like back and forth. Let's get get people's thoughts. Let's get people's input. Um but at the end of the day, you know, it was pretty clear that I was going to make the decision. And um I remember actually we had this all this um this exact team meeting in my house uh actually in in in Noi Valley as you were saying. Um and everyone was sitting there and and kind of they gave all their input. We had this probably like three or four hour discussion and then I kicked everyone out and I said, "All right, great. Like I need a few hours to think about this." and just went on a walk like thought about it and then you know ultimately got to the final decision and this was kind of clouded by there's always like negotiation backdrop like can we make the deal better so on and so forth happening all the time &gt;&gt; so that day &gt;&gt; uh people leave they spend the afternoon in your living room &gt;&gt; you like have a I imagine quite spirited debate &gt;&gt; and then you're like all right &gt;&gt; it was one of many debates you for a couple &gt;&gt; years right but you knew you were going to make that decision that day like you knew that this was the day that the decision was going to be made. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; it's pretty intense. And and then you start walking around and you're like, "All right." And like, can you maybe just walk me through what those trade-offs are in your head of deciding to sell the company? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like like Yeah. How did you your pros and cons list when you're going on your walk? &gt;&gt; Yeah, totally. I mean, I don't think it was at this point a pros and cons list. it was much more of a the final decision came down to like what do I think the best outcome in the long term for the mission the company is going to be. Um there's always like a bunch of pros and cons but for for me it's like how can we make plaid into a thing that people 20 years from now are going to value think is important and we're going to improve the quality of financial services for everyone in the world. Um and Visa brought a lot of attributes to that. Obviously they have a huge network. um you know we are constantly um working with partnering with negotiating with the banks and Visa is the the world expert in doing that um they have a huge international presence and uh I still believe that the business longterm will be a very international business um they could bring a lot of capital they could accelerate our growth in a bunch of ways they have a huge brand they bring a lot of security kind of visibility so many aspects of their consumer brand could be useful um so tons of positives I think the negatives for us are, you know, one I love building an independent business and there's an argument that Plaid can and frankly I now very much believe will be a much larger company independently than as a part of Visa. Um because we can invest in the future in a way that you know a larger company um won't necessarily be as incentivized to do on our terms. Um and so that was a big one. I mean the cultural questions uh were a big one. Um the logistical questions were a big one. Are we going to move into Visa's office in the South Bay? Are we going to keep our office? Like there's all so there's all these like like tactical things. Ultimately, we we were able to solve for a lot of those in the way that we approached the transaction by saying, you know, Plaid's going to run as an independent company. We have access to all Visa resources, but everybody at Plaid reports to me. It stays at an independent office. Like we can build our own independent culture. Um but we get to kind of like plug in via whatever set of APIs we create between the organizations, but we get to create the APIs. They're not forced upon us. we had this like great um acquisition theory and actually interestingly for companies that we've bought as plaid we've run a very similar acquisition theory because I you know I think it's the fastest way to maximize growth um but you know at the end of the day um the decision for me came down to like how can we make blood the biggest the fastest um in the long term and like have the create the greatest amount of value for for for consumers and and and for our customers. Um you know the interesting thing is having gone through the arc of the transaction uh so we sold the company a lot of press um uh we then unsold the company lot of press we then raised a huge round a lot of press um uh we had this like interesting brand like association with Visa where you know to the world Visa had said like hey stamp of approval you know like we trust plaid there go you should trust plaid um and of course then we later raised a bunch of money and we're able to build a bunch of infrastructure ourselves like we got a lot of the value of that transaction and still remained independent, right? Um, and so &gt;&gt; like I joke that if I could have written a Hollywood script to like best accelerate the business, I would have written a script like this. Obviously, I'm not creative enough to to write that Hollywood script. So, it wasn't my idea going into it, but &gt;&gt; it gave you legitimacy. &gt;&gt; Exactly. The outcome was uh oddly like far better than we could have predicted. When you're describing your what you're optimizing for, the way that I hear it is that there's probably the right side of your brain, which is like the very rational side of your brain, which is like what is going to extend the mission of this company to its fullest potential. But then there's like the other side of the brain, which is like all of the emotions that are tangled up in it. What does my wife think? What are my kids going to think? What am I going to do with my time? Where is the office? Who's going to be a millionaire? Like what am I going to do next? Right? Like all of those questions. Am I going to really show up in a suit to visa every day? Like these types of questions. &gt;&gt; They don't wear suits anymore. &gt;&gt; As I've learned and so, you know, like part of these decisions in my experience is like yes, there's the rational side and then there's like a bunch of like the emotional stuff. And so I wonder do you have a philosophy around how do you incorporate both sides of your brain into that decision-m process when it matters so much? Because I have felt often that when I have to make decisions not like this, I've never had to make a decision like this. The emotional side is where the input generally tends to come from from other people. Like all of the input mechanisms that I get with these types of decisions tend to be very emotional in nature. I don't know. Yeah. I I think my my decision making style is probably uh a little odd. So, um like I I tend to like be very much a like default answer first person. And again, another part of applied decision-making culture is start with an answer. Doesn't matter if if your answer is right or wrong, start with an answer and then go debate and figure out if your answer is correct and then try to refute the answer that you've come up with in order to find a better one. Um, and so, you know, my default answer this entire time was, of course, we shouldn't sell the company. Now, let me go refute that. Let me go figure out all the reasons that I'm wrong. And then you go, you flip it. Okay, great. Like, I found enough reasons. I'm going to flip it. Now, I'm going to go figure out all the reasons that that next thing is wrong. And so, for me, this um you can call it scientific meth method style decision-m or answer first decision-m. Um, it helps me not have too much emotion that comes into it because generally like you already know the answer, now you can react to the answer. um you can use your emotions to map those to kind of like rational facts or underlying circumstances that might that might actually change the answer itself. Um but yeah, so it's very much hypothesis driven. Super interesting. And once the acquisition you had mentioned, okay, acquisition goes through, you get press, then you spend that year going back and forth nine months, you break it off. No, that's the like people ask me my biggest mistake. My biggest mistake was not putting a gigantic breakup fee &gt;&gt; breakup fee. Yeah. Well, I mean I guess if you had the pandemic exception clause or the breakup fee, like at least you got one of the two, you know, then you redo the all hands. It was like probably Groundhog's Day for you. Like I can't believe this is happening again. How did you feel like like you know at at the point that we decided to actually the transaction I felt frankly very bullish, very excited. I still feel very bullish. Um, we we kind of or I kind of saw the writing in the wall and knew the signals, call it four or five months before we could announce that we were going to exit from the transaction. And basically, the entire leadership team knew 3 months before. But it's this very hard thing. I mean, there are these periods as a as a CEO where um you know something and you desperately want to tell your team so your team can start to like operationalize it, but you can't tell your team for one reason or another. Um, in this case, I couldn't tell them. we were still under exclusivity like I couldn't tell the team we're going to walk away from the transaction the day the exclusivity lapsed um we did start to make decisions understanding that kind of directionally you know we wanted to invest in products that um you know may be seen as as as competitive with Visa like we we were going to start to relax some of those constraints that we put on the business but um you know it was this this like big imbalance between what I knew and what I could tell everyone and so being able to tell everyone that was exciting for me you know I could express my emotion my excitement um you know the the the vision that I saw for the future of the company. Um, and you know, in in some sense, I had to actually temper some of that excitement because there were people, as I said, that had spent the money in their head. And so, you have to try to kind of not be too excited about this walk away future when there are definitely going to be some people on our team that were that were sad about it. &gt;&gt; Um, so, you know, my my my take was quite optimistic and remains quite optimistic. As I said like we got so much of the value of the transaction and didn't do the transaction like we didn't we get to run the company as an independent one. &gt;&gt; When you were communicating with the team &gt;&gt; sorry when you couldn't communicate with the team for those four or five months. &gt;&gt; How frustrating was the feeling watching your business it there's just no way it was operating like firing on all cylinders. &gt;&gt; I don't know. We were growing really fast. So you think it was you think during the nine months it was still firing in the same level that it was before any of that started? Yeah. I mean it's interesting like as with all startups especially platform businesses you do a bunch of work and then at some point in the future the work pays off and like that that at some point it could be 6 months and it could be two years it could be three years depending on the things you built. Clearly we built a set of good products and then the market demand really increased for those products. So we were growing really fast during that period. Um I think the restrictions on the business during that period were largely around hiring. We did hire a lot of people but it's hard to express to super entrepreneurial people the upside potential of a business if it clearly has a transaction hanging over it. &gt;&gt; Totally. &gt;&gt; Um so I would say we were a little restricted on who we could hire. We were a little restricted on like you know the press that we could do. But I would say we were maybe not firing at 100% but probably firing at 90 95% and then the underlying numbers of the business were just up and to the right. So felt pretty good about it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And can you define like what was up and to the right at that point? &gt;&gt; Our usage, our customer uh like the new customers that we were signing uh the revenue was up and to the right. I mean profit was up and to the right. Like all all the key metrics for the business were going right. And at that point, you're like, "All right, geez." Like, did we like were all the people that said, "Let's not do this transaction, right?" Because in this six-month interval, the business has taken off into a completely different trajectory. &gt;&gt; Uh maybe I I try hard to evaluate decisions based on the information that was available at the time. Yeah. meaning, you know, if I had good data and all of the correct inputs and I made a decision, if I were to go back and have that same data, would I make that same same decision again? So, my take is I think we made the right decision to sell the company at the time. I also think we made the right decision to walk away. Yeah. Um the underlying facts changed. &gt;&gt; Um but I want to kind of give us and again culturally about decision- making, we've talked about this a lot, like give the people on our team credit for making the right decision based on the facts they had. Yeah, I will let this go because I I don't want to take the whole time on this because but it is very fascinating, but how agonizing was it before you made the call? Like did you feel agonized? I don't know how else to ask that question. &gt;&gt; No, I mean I think I think it's just it's a lo it's a set of logical decisions. It's like a process that you go through. And yeah, &gt;&gt; um for me I think we try to I certainly try to avoid emotion in my decision-making. Like emotion gives good signals. It gives good facts. it gives good inputs. Um, but making decisions emotionally never gets you to a good &gt;&gt; like who do you call in those moments? Like who who are you like all right gez like let me go through my rolodex here of like people that have gone through this. &gt;&gt; I mean the hard part is you can't really call that many people because it's a very confidential thing and you know the a lot of the business mentors or friends or folks that I would normally talk to they work in the industry so I can't really tell them anything. uh definitely have you know a set of like coaches and folks that I know and um can talk to um uh you know close friends but for the most part it's it's an independent decision-making process. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So that all the breakup happens you rally the troops get everybody going again. Is the business still like this is is it at that point still going up into the right? Yeah, I mean look, we had we had an amazing growth trajectory from call it um mid 2020 up until mid 2022. Um then basically it was the the zerp era. So low interest rates um people stuck at home, people using fintech like crazy. Um and then our customers growing incredibly well, a lot of new startups launching, lots of lots of funding coming into the space. So like overall business is growing super well for those that that two-year period. So mid2020 to mid 2022. Um, the second half of 2022, interest rates obviously came down and basically all of our customers like didn't quite know how to handle a a a higher interest rate environment. Sorry, interest rates went up. Um, and our customers didn't quite know how to hire handle a higher interest rate environment. Um, and so we saw slower growth still still growing through that period actually. Um, so I feel really proud of kind of the resiliency of that business of our business going through a kind of really low to a a moderately high interest rate environment quickly and still growing through it. Um, but our customers had to retool. So our lenders that were used to making Zer style loans now had to make higher interest loans. Um, a lot of the investing companies that we worked with, um, they had to build products that were much more focused on, uh, kind of savings and giving consumers the ability to buy treasuries and things like that as opposed to, uh, just purely buying stocks because stocks weren't weren't weren't growing as well. So, a lot of retooling that happened in our customer base and that probably lasted about six months. And then back into 2023, like we we returned to normal growth, but on a much higher base. The cool part of all this is um when we exit the transaction in 2021, we raised a big round of financing &gt;&gt; at like double the pre at like double the Visa price. &gt;&gt; More than double. Yeah, exactly. Like 13 &gt;&gt; 13. Yeah. Um so big big step up in valuation but most importantly a lot of capital. Um so we took a lot of capital on the balance sheet and we have for the lifetime of Plaid had this vision that first we're going to build um I call it data plumbing. My coms team hates it when I call it data plumbing, but the ability to link your bank account to an app. Um, kind of a crucial thing. If you want to use anything in fintech, you need to link your bank account to an app. Um, in doing so, we we had a lot of users connect their accounts. We had a lot of data that was flowing through our system. But we always had this vision that some of the fundamental problems of financial services could be better solved um by having a lot of this data in one place and then building great analytics on top of it. So, fundamental problems in financial services, things like credit scoring. Nobody understands their credit score. It's not always responsive to the things that you think it should be responsive to. If you get a new job, your income goes way up. You're a better credit risk, but your credit score doesn't necessarily reflect that. So like credit scoring is a big problem. Second is fraud. Fraud is growing at a crazy rate right now. So financial fraud is growing at something like 20 to 25% a year. We thought there's a huge opportunity to to try to solve that. I know there's payments. How do we help um people actually use their bank account to pay for things like they do in Europe and and more broadly. Um, and then this this this big basket of other other challenges that are inherently broken in the financial system. Plaid v1 was focused on giving everyone access. So, how do we help you link your bank account to an app that you want to use? That way, you can do banking on the internet. You can have access to that loan you might want to apply it to. Plaid v2 is all about analytics and solving these underlying problems in financial services that have been uh kind of persistent for decades. So, fraud, credit scoring, so on and so forth. Um, so we took we were able to take all this capital that we raised in 2021 and then deploy it into building out a pretty massive data platform so that we can start to build analytics oriented products on top of it so that by the end of 2022 and into 2023 and then kind of mid 2024 we could start to launch these really awesome data analytics products. Um and so we feel fortunate that you know we had this opportunity to raise a bunch of capital, take our operating margin from being uh positive to now very negative and then back to positive again uh by investing in this kind of like replatforming um almost like a product strategy pivot. I would call it more of a product strategy upgrade for the business. &gt;&gt; It's amazing. I mean the roller coaster is like I mean it's like there'll be books about this this company one day like raises at 13 everyone I remember the headlines at the time. Yeah. These guys are geniuses, you know, like look overnight success. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly. Right. Every all the headlines were couldn't have been more positive. Right. &gt;&gt; And then we were going out to raise and I mean this is was like one of the the hotter rounds that year. Um by the way plat's always like had a hard time raising. Like it's always been a hard business to explain to people. But then all of a sudden we were we were the one that everyone wanted to talk to. And so we got a great multiple on it. Um but you know all the VCs they would come in they were like oh I read the DOJ thing. uh now I really understand your business and I'm like all right if that's how you think about our business that this will be a good converter internal partner memo is the DOJ thing &gt;&gt; and then crazy enough you need to finance the business again &gt;&gt; take a down round which is ironically an up round from the visa price &gt;&gt; y &gt;&gt; but it was at like 6 billion right &gt;&gt; just like emotionally people are just probably like what is going on &gt;&gt; yeah yeah I mean look as I said we raised like we we were the the bell of the all we &gt;&gt; like a zerp price &gt;&gt; zer price but like a very high zer price like relative to all the other zer prices was a very good zer price that we were able to get um and we appreciate it that put capital on the balance sheet we were able to like really invest these new businesses all of the metrics inside the business look way way way better than when we raised at that that zer period um but the underlying reality is market multiples have changed massively I mean you look at public companies they've they've they've gone down hugely since that period of time um private companies as well. And so we ended up landing in a what we think is a very rational valuation on top of a much much better business. Um but the mark market multiples had changed. Um and so that's why that's why obviously we had the the the step down in price. Um the interesting thing is um you know we actually didn't need capital. I wouldn't have gone to raise capital um except that we had RSUs expiring uh which means we need to flip the RSUs into shares so that our employees could retain that value. Um uh we ended up um you know not adding much capital to the balance sheet at all in that transaction. &gt;&gt; And this is a way to get everybody a little bit more aligned on a current day valuation. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it does it does help to have a kind of a more recent marktomarket um so that when we're you know making an offer to a new executive they can look and say yeah this is the price that was just paid by investors and I understand that price. &gt;&gt; Yeah exactly. You had mentioned that it was uh hard for people to gro plaid in the early days. Did you actually have a hard time fundraising? So in the early stages, we had a lot of trouble financing the business. The the the general view by VCs at the time was that not a lot of interesting products are going to be built in financial services because one, it's too regulated and then two, the banks are going to build everything. Um obviously, you know, we we look at the Chime IPO that just happened. We look at like a lot of the the the huge public companies that are out there. There's a lot of space in in fintech. We didn't even have the name fintech at the time. That's that started in like 2016 2017. &gt;&gt; Um but our the first time we went out to raise capital, we put together a round and it totally fell apart. Um so we ended up raising $60,000. Uh that was the first uh that was the first round that we ever did. Um then we did like a very small I think we raised $250,000. Um then we were finally able to raise a seed round and at at the seed round it was interesting because we pitched all these investors like two or three times and they said no to us two or three times and then one of the new investors that we hadn't happened to pitch before ended up um ended up leading that round which is great. They didn't have the negative history I guess. Um and then the series A was it was still tough but you know we ended up getting maybe two term sheets at the series A. Um, series B was a lot easier because we had metrics and then the series C, that's actually when the KP growth fund invested, &gt;&gt; right? Uh, when you did the 60K round, Yeah. and it fell apart. &gt;&gt; What h what do you mean it fell apart? Like people people just got cold feet &gt;&gt; sort of. So, uh, we went out to raise half a million bucks. I think it was like 500k on a on a $4 million post or something like that. Um, and we've talked to a bunch of angel investors. Like the funds weren't really interested because we were too early. Um, we were also living in New York at the time and so like the New York funds were really really looking for like a lot more traction than we had. Um, we didn't know all the West Coast funds yet. Uh, but we put together this group of angels um, led by these two guys that were like pretty prolific angel investors. Um, one in LA and one in one one in New York. Um, and then we went out and got a bunch of other like little smaller checks put together. It was a 500k round. Um like a week before we were supposed to close, I think we'd actually signed the docs at this point. Like a week before we were supposed to close, um the lead investor in LA calls and he says, "Hey, look, I I can't do it. Like I just don't I don't believe in the space. Like I don't believe in in in uh kind of financial services and this platform idea." Um so when he left, then the other New York guy left and then everybody else left and we felt you know it was irresponsible not to call everyone and tell them what was happening. So we called each of the investors and we said, "Hey, look, here's what's happened. uh the lead investors decided to step out the deal. We'd still love to have your capital um but uh you know we um we we don't have the full round. &gt;&gt; Now it actually logically makes sense for a lot of those investors to walk away at that point because investing you know 50k into a business that has no other investments there that's not necessarily good risk. &gt;&gt; Um but there were these three guys um who each kind of independently said no don't worry about it just take the investment like let's see where it goes. Uh so two that did a 25k investment, one that did a 10k investment and so there was 60k investment in the company and they kept us alive for 12 months. Uh so talk about uh talk about being really frugal. Uh we lived we were living in New York like my co-founder uh who was living on a friend's couch and I who like moved in with my very recent girlfriend not my wife um but my very recent girlfriend in order to like not have to pay rent &gt;&gt; and we like somehow kept this company alive us and then an intern uh for uh for enough time to get to to to like a larger seed round. But the funny story about this is that there are three guys uh all three of them are named Justin. Um, and so we would like have this internal joke of, you know, hey, we're making this big decision. Like, how would the Justins think about that? How would the Justins like think about how we're how we're using their capital? But weirdly, because we had so little capital, it really built this like this culture of frugality, this culture of like figure out how to go through things. Um, I mean, obviously the the idea for this podcast is grit. Like, whenever people ask me for startup advice, I I have very little that I can say because I think that um, you know, for the most part, like each startup journey is unique and like I don't have generalized advice. The only good thing that I have to say is like don't die. And like if we could survive for a year on $60,000 living in New York um and like building the business, like that going. Um and so my my take is for for for most founders, the answer is just decide you're not going to die. Like that's the first step to building a great company. And then when it's very obvious that you're going to die, if you've decided that it's not going to die, you'll push through it and it'll be just fine. And the Justin's now are &gt;&gt; Oh, we dropped We dropped the price on that round, by the way. So, I think they invested like 60K on two and a half. &gt;&gt; So, the It's you, your co-founder. Are you hands- on keyboard? Like, were you coding at the time? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we both were. &gt;&gt; You were both coding. You have an intern doing a bunch of stuff for you, whatever. &gt;&gt; No, he was an engineer, too. &gt;&gt; He was an engineer, too. Also coding. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And how long did the three of you, the rat pack, like make it make it through until you hired somebody? &gt;&gt; I think it was like a year that &gt;&gt; in New York. A year. Well, I think it's probably six months in New York and then we moved the business to San Francisco. Um, so basically in this year we um raised a little more money then we um uh were able to get uh kind of commitments to a seed round. Um and so we move we decided to move the business from New York to San Francisco. This was in 2013 2014. There just weren't a lot of engineers in New York that we could hire. Um New York just didn't have the engineering community it does now. So, we moved to San Francisco mostly because we knew more people out there. We thought we could actually hire people. Well, there's this one moment actually where um we'd gotten uh this the seed round. It was like Spark Capital and GV and NEA had invested in our seed round. The money had just hit the bank. We rented an office. It was like a 15 person office because we we thought we needed to hire people. We move in the next day. Our intern goes back to college. Like he and he had taken like a semester off. He like a summer he just like stayed with us for a really long time. He actually ended up coming back full-time, but he had to go back for one semester in order to graduate because his parents really wanted him to graduate. And so we go from three people to two people, but we just put, you know, like $2 million in the bank, and we're like sitting in this empty office looking at each other saying like, "What? How do we build a business now? We have buddy. Like, what do we do next?" &gt;&gt; Oh my god. &gt;&gt; Um, but, you know, we figured it out. We recruited some people. &gt;&gt; You know, your wife now is a real one if she was willing to put up with your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for those those early days. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yes. Yes. &gt;&gt; During that year of New York Fundra, moved to San Francisco, what else are you really doing? Like, is it all product work? Like, are you just writing code and trying to get this thing get a V.1 off the ground? Yeah. So, we were very focused on building the platform. Um, I was by far the worst engineer of the group. So, I got assigned like, Zack, you go build our website. you build the front end like you could write the API docs like all of all of the the stuff that was not like particularly complex coding and then you know me having had basically no sales experience um I just decided all right the best way to contribute is to go talk to customers and so um that was me just like for probably like a year chasing every fintech meetup every uh you know people in finance want to build stuff um calling everyone that I knew talking to like I remember I I think I called YAB. You need a budget. It was a budgeting tool at the time. I think I called them like I I think I probably sent them like 20 emails before they finally responded and said, "Hey, please leave us alone." But also like, "Okay, interesting idea what you're working on." Um, so it was really just like chasing and trying to find customers. They're now a customer, by the way. Um, uh, and what we found is when we'd moved to California, there was this like budding group of people that were thinking about building new products uh, in SF. And then we had this previous network in New York. The biggest uh one from the previous network was Venmo. So kind of a friend of a friend introduced us to um the head of engineering at Venmo. Uh he said that he wanted to buy the product. That was like one of the big inspirations for actually building the product in the way that we did. It then took a year to go through not Venmo but Venmo had been acquired by Brainree which had been acquired by PayPal which had been acquired by eBay. eBay's procurement process. It took a year to go through eBay's procurement process so that Venmo could use the product. I've learned a lot about how not to run bad procurement processes. Um, so that took a long time. And then on the West Coast, um, we met the Robin Hood guys when I think there were five people and they were saying, "Hey, we need to do this kind of account onboarding. Can you build it?" Like, "Yeah, that's what we're building for for Venmo. Let's let's let's create the same thing for you." So, yeah, my time was um doing a bad job of engineering um and then talking to customers. &gt;&gt; And did Venmo commit and then you decided, let's go build this business? &gt;&gt; No. or like were you like kind of jamming with them on what you thought you wanted to build? &gt;&gt; Yeah, this was so prior to PL we built this like consumer app, this bad consumer app and then Venmo kind of came to us and said hey can we license the back end to that and we said yeah maybe um and so we were going back and forth with them on like how this back end would work. We kind of knew what we wanted to build and they said well maybe we'd be interested and then I went and found other customers that were our first customers and then kind of following that Venmo saw that a couple people were were starting to use it and they said yeah we'll we'll commit to actually buying this product &gt;&gt; the back end. the back end. Yeah. Okay. Um and then it took basically a year for them to actually turn it on. But um &gt;&gt; yeah, throughout that year it was great actually. We built the integration with them. They gave us a bunch of feedback on it. So in some weird sense, you know, we we we did have them as a &gt;&gt; like a design partner. &gt;&gt; A design partner. Yeah. Exactly. But we couldn't actually call them a customer because we hadn't signed it. &gt;&gt; At what point did you decide I'm not going to die? Like this company is not going to run out of money. Like was there a something that catalyzed this like wall in your brain that you were never going to move backwards from? Like okay now Venmo is going to work with us. We have to deliver it or now the interns on our team like we have to go do it. Like at what point were you like no way is this thing going to collapse. It took a long time. Like I I I think to be totally honest, I think that um I still have a like a lot of fire in like the belly because I think that like plaid we need to be operating as if we still could die. Um and we need to be pushing at the proper pace in order to like go have a big impact on this industry. Um if we're stagnant, you know, bad things will happen to us. So we need to be pushing really quickly. Um, and I think that was partially solidified through kind of a a series of things that um, happened to us. So, initially the round falls apart. Okay, we're going to die. Um, fast forward a little bit. Um, going into our series A, um, you know, we, uh, had two term sheets. We accepted one term sheet. Um, uh, but then we got sued by a company that, uh, it was a competitor. We got sued for patent infringement, but it was a company that that fund had previously invested in. thought they had no relation to them. They may have had no relation, but somehow the word got to that company that they should sue us uh for patent infringement. So, we got sued for patent infringement. That first term sheet uh disappeared. Um and then we had to go scramble and find the second term sheet and and get them to still invest. And that was NEA who I still to this day say they saved the company by investing at that point. Um uh so that was another instance where we were going to die. Um then, you know, fast forward there's like another instance where we're going to die before our series B. Um then we get the series B and like probably like around the time we raised the series C we were like it was valued at like two and a half billion at that point. That was when I started to say like okay maybe the company's not going to die but we still need to act like it might. We still need to have this thought in our back of our mind of like if we are not moving at sufficient pace if we're not sufficiently scrappy and thoughtful and hardworking um you know we're going to stagnate and then the business is going to die. So I don't think that that feeling has fully gone away. This might be a silly question, but is the only existential threat in your mind running out of money? &gt;&gt; No, of course not. I mean, the businesses die for many reasons. Um, but I think the the existential thought of running out of money in the earliest phase was very clear to us certainly. You know, there's this um there's this book and I I can't speak for the whole book because I read it a long time ago and I don't remember all the details, but I remember the title. Um, the book, the title of the book is called Pleased But Not Satisfied. Um, and I think that's how I'd probably describe my management philosophy is that I'm pretty pleased with what we've accomplished. Like I'm pretty pleased with the business that we've built so far. I'm pleased with the things that we're shipping. Um, and there's a lot of things to celebrate, but I'm absolutely not satisfied because I think the opportunity ahead of us is so great. Um, and I think the threats to the business and the longer term can be very real if we're not continuing to move at the pace that that that we need to move. And so um you know I'm deeply motivated by the mission. I think the impact that we can have on the world is like quite scratched the surface of that. Um so you know in a lot of senses I'm very pleased with where we are but certainly not satisfied &gt;&gt; and this like uh dissatisfaction. Is that how you are with everything or is that specifically to Plaid? Like if you ask my wife, she might tell you that that it's kind of the same. Uh where you know we like I I run a lot like I I do marathons and so forth. And like you I'm I'm happy with the times that I'm getting, but I'm absolutely not satisfied with the times that I'm getting. I think yeah, I need like it's probably better for me to like learn to turn this off a little bit in uh personal and social situations, but you know, it's built in. &gt;&gt; I did uh my first uh triathlon, maybe my last, but I did the Escape from Alcatraz here. &gt;&gt; Nice. And I had this weird feeling before, like leading up to it, like the swim was the thing that I was just dreading. Like I do not want to swim from Alcatraz to shore. And I kept telling myself like once it's over, you're just going to be really happy, really proud, like it's going to be over and you're going to feel great. And then after it was done, I did not feel like that. Like I felt like, man, I probably could have gone faster. I was waiting too long between the swim and the bike. like why did I take so long on the run? Am I going to have to do this again to get like, you know, and I was like, what the hell? Like there's just no winning. What's the what's the saying? The the reward for good work is more work, &gt;&gt; right? It's like a it's like a cake eating contest and the reward is more cake. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly. &gt;&gt; Um, can you talk about the PNC bank stuff? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. Fine. Okay. Sorry, maybe offline because I do want to know about it. Um, I have a few things that I do want to ask you that hopefully you can talk about. &gt;&gt; The first is um you said you built a shitty app before you built Plaid. &gt;&gt; We built a bunch of them. &gt;&gt; What does that mean? So, the the initial idea for Plaid is um we wanted to build something that helps consumers live a better financial life. This was uh 2012, like late 2012, early 2013 in living in New York. And around that time uh you know it was the tail end of the Occupy Wall Street protests. It was um a period and like setting aside the politics of all of that it was pretty clear that consumers are frustrated with financial services. It was a period after the 2008 financial crisis where um &gt;&gt; you know people were mad at their banks and we being kind of like naive entrepreneurs um said all right well we want to build a tool to help people feel better about their finances. like we wanted to build a tool so people feel more protected by the financial system. Um the first thing that we tried to build was a budgeting tool. Um we had seen Mint um and went at the time I think wasn't on mobile devices. So we were like all right let's build a mobile version of Mint or let's build a a more accessible version of Mint. Um and we had a bunch of signups. uh people were excited about the product and then we had a bunch of people first like turn off the notifications when we started telling them that they spent too much money on coffee and then delete the app and never come back. So um you know V1 of of the first idea we had was was terrible. We then pivoted and said all right well what other tools can we build to help consumers um better understand their money. Um we built one that was about helping people find cheaper places to spend. So hey you're in this grocery store. There's a grocery store down the street uh that's cheaper. Um, we would tell people that and then they would kind of respond by saying, "Yeah, I know it's cheaper. It's kind of crappy. I don't want to go to that grocery store." So, again, another one that failed, had a lot of users, and then didn't didn't go anywhere. &gt;&gt; And this is you and your co same co-founder. &gt;&gt; My co-founder. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then eventually this intern brought &gt;&gt; um I call him the intern. His name is Michael. He's a really wonderful engineer. Like, I should give him a real shout out, but um &gt;&gt; he's not an intern anymore. &gt;&gt; No, he he joined PL. He was full-time with us for a long time and now he's off engineer. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, so we so that was another one. We built a tool to help you like make recommendations on like, hey, you know, you spent in these places, you might like to spend in those places. We built a tool that put a play button over your entire financial life. So you hit play and it was like this magnifying glass on a map that would move around and like zoom in every time you spent money in a place. So you could hit play on your vacation and you would see all the places you spent money on your vacation. It was kind of cool. &gt;&gt; That's actually kind of cool. &gt;&gt; Yeah. there's like a bunch of these things that got real traction and then immediately no more traction and couldn't monetize in any way. Um, and so basically the unifying back end to all this is what ended up becoming Plaid, which is how do we get data from the banks? How do we make the data into kind of a format that can actually be useful? Um, and that was around the time that uh our friend Payton from Venmo came and said, "Hey, can can we license the back end? That might be interesting." Did you and your co-founder decide together like, "All right, come hell or high water, we're just going to try a bunch of stuff until we make something work because the alternative of going back to Bane and doing consulting is just untenable." Well, we both quit, so we both had no job. Um, you know, I I think I I don't know how great co-founder relationships are forged, but ours was uniquely great. Um, my co-founder is as determined as I am, like as focused as I am. He's a much better engineer than me. Um, I'm probably a better salesperson than him. Um, but like it was a thing where like we were in the same boat. Like neither of us had family money to fall back on. Neither of us had any backup job offers. We kind of knew that if we didn't make this thing successful, then we had to go interview at Google and try to get a job. Um, and neither of us wanted to do that like vehemently. Um, and so we were just in this same boat like we had no money. We had to make this thing successful. Um, and it was fun. You know, like you look back at the early years of of starting a company and you know, the most fun is often those those moments that are actually also the toughest. Uh, you know, you're in the office. I remember I had this period of time where and we we we push each other really hard. We push ourselves really hard. We push each other really hard. I had this period of time where I would take photos of New York at 2 a.m. every day. Um, because I would be walking home and like the city would be totally empty and I thought it was so beautiful. Um uh and like you know I'd send them to my co-founder like he'd send me one back and like this is just like the thing this was like the zeitgeist that we built into like the culture of this like two person then three person startup um but you know there is a great bond that's formed by going through hardship and I think we were fortunate to go through that hardship together and now despite the fact that he left he's left the business he's off to to to new things we're still really really close friends um and uh you know so I got so lucky in that in that co-founder relationship I think it it is much lonier to have no co-founder certainly Um, but people step up and you know we've had execs that have become really really close that have taken on like a really important part of the business both structurally but also emotionally like they're a person that people that I can talk to. Um, so it's been great to see that evolution. I read a quote um everything you read online is obviously true, but tell me if this is true or not that um uh this this was you describing after the deal uh collapsed that um you said there was a month or two where I actually just don't remember what happened because I slept so little. The 2 a.m. comment reminded me of that. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Is that true? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Uh this has happened a couple times, but there's a particularly long one. Um, basically like the first quarter of 2021, I don't remember very well. But yeah, I have photos of what I've done. Like, you know, my my my wife will remind me uh what's what's happened. Um, but like I don't have any real memories in that period of time. Um, and it was largely because I was sleeping so little because I was just like it was like that was again max emotional management working with a team, talking to people saying, "Hey, look, I understand you're not going to get the cash to buy that house. we will do a secondary as soon as we can and by the way here's why you should be so excited and just on repeat talking to everyone trying to make sure that everybody gets the message and the great the great outcome is that like the vast majority of the team stayed um the vast majority of the team you know got excited about the future um but man that was the hardest period I think I've ever worked &gt;&gt; like you would come home and you would lay in bed awake or like &gt;&gt; there was no coming home I like we were in co so like I was in my office um and I would be like on these zooms all Right. Then I would like finish kind of like well after dinner talking to people. Then I would do actual work and then I would fall asleep at like 2 a.m. and then be back up at 7:00. Um and so it's just like &gt;&gt; And you were just so delirious &gt;&gt; from this schedule you don't remember. &gt;&gt; Well, I mean delirious or not. I don't I don't know how I was acting. Like someone else could tell me how I was acting at that period of time, but it is now just a blank spot in my memory. &gt;&gt; That's insane. And it's happened before besides that period, too. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I have a Yeah, we have a tendency to push with a lot of hours sometimes. Damn. Do you &gt;&gt; I don't think that's healthy, by the way. I don't think that other entrepreneurs should do that. &gt;&gt; I No, I don't think you're like glorifying it. &gt;&gt; Doesn't sound fun. &gt;&gt; And is it because you just feel the need? Like what is your rationale in that moment? Like look, I don't I don't think I realized it at the time. I think um &gt;&gt; you're just in overdrive. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly. So I mean and I I would say that most entrepreneurs are like this. if a big challenge presents itself and it's a challenge that needs to be solved like they'll go all out to to solve it. Um in this case it was just it was very clear what I needed to do and and um kind of I was in large part the only one that could do a lot of these things in in those periods of time. Um and so the answer is you just do it. Um and you know had I realized that it was would have impacted my memory or like that that that loss of sleep for that period of time maybe could have longerterm health effects I probably wouldn't have done it. Um or maybe would have been a little bit more thoughtful about how I structured my time. Yeah. Um but you know the problem in front of you, you go solve it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I just don't I mean like maybe you would have done something differently, but also like isn't this the like double-edged sword of a fire that burns in your belly? Like that fire sometimes gets really hot, &gt;&gt; you know, like it doesn't you don't get to really decide and choose like &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean it's it's it's the entrepreneur thing. I mean I think I think a lot of entrepreneurs probably can empathize. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, there's another quote that I read. Um, it said, "I, uh, I'm too busy to recruit is kind of like saying, I'm too hungry to eat." I love that. Could you describe it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I say that to my team a lot. So, um, you know, there there are times when you're pushing really hard. You have huge goals and um, then you also need to be recruiting because you have goals that will manifest maybe the next quarter or the quarter after that. Um, and people will say like, "Hey, I'm going to cut back on the amount of solve this challenge." And from time to time, that's the right answer, but it's pretty rare that that is the actual right answer. Um, and so the conversation I have with the team is like basically that like, hey, saying you're too busy to recruit is like saying you're too hungry to eat. You may be busy right now, but if you don't eat, you're going to die. Um and so like you may be busy right now but um you know you're if if you're not recruiting if you're not building the the capacity of the organization over time um then obviously you're not going to be able to achieve the next goals and the next goals after that. Um that was particularly important when in a period of hyperrowth. Um now I talk to the team about that but I also talked to them about building leverage. So um you know right now we're going through this big AI transition in our business. Um, every job I believe will be AI enabled or it will not exist in 12 months. Um, and I've been saying to to the team, the horizon is a little longer, but I've been saying this to the team for about a year. Um, and so, you know, the rational of, oh, I don't have time to go learn the AI tools is exactly the same thing like you don't have the time to build the leverage that you need to be very successful at your job in the long term. Well, that that logic doesn't doesn't really check out. So, we built all these tools and processes internally, but it's also a bit of an ethos just saying like build yourself the leverage that you need in order to be successful in the long term. When you were uh going through hyperrowth, how much time were you spending on recruiting? &gt;&gt; Probably 40%. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Maybe 50% in some periods. More more from time to time, but uh &gt;&gt; that's a lot. &gt;&gt; 40 50 probably. &gt;&gt; That's a lot. &gt;&gt; that's a pretty consistent answer that I hear. And I think it doesn't really settle in how much that is unless you really think about half of your working day is recruiting. Like that's a lot. &gt;&gt; It is. Um but you have to find a way to love it. Like I love recruiting. It was one of the most fun things that I got to do. And I started out hating recruiting. Um and the reason I hated it is like I felt like I was selling myself. I felt like um you know if a person didn't want to come work for us then like that was on them. Um I I felt nervous to ask questions. I felt nervous to be direct with people, give direct feedback in these interviews. Um, I felt nervous to like push people hard because like, you know, I didn't I felt like I didn't deserve their time at that at that point. Now it's fully flipped for me. Like I get to talk to the most interesting people in the world. I get to ask them hard questions. Um, I get to have a great conversation with them. I think that most people or certainly hope that most people that I'm interviewing walk away thinking like, "Oh, that was a really interesting conversation. Come offer or no offer, um, I'm really happy that I that I had that conversation." Um, and it's become a game, right? So, uh, recruiting becomes a game. you get to effectively like draft your ideal fantasy roster except there's no limit to your roster size. So you can find as many great people as you want to and you get to put them on your fantasy team and then this fantasy team gets to go out and tackle challenges and and uh and become friends and all this stuff. Um another great aspect of recruiting that uh you know I didn't quite realize until a little further in my founder journey but like as a founder you get to build the environment around you like you get to choose who you spend your days with. um you get to recruit people that you're going to learn from and be inspired by. Um and you know, in almost no other job do you get to have that level of world building um where you can create this wonderful environment for yourself and of course for everyone else, but but but but you get to choose who's in that environment. Um and that for me has been super rewarding. Like I'm really close friends with a lot of people that we've hired over the years and um it's it's a unique thing that that I get to do. That's a very like profound way of describing it. Like it's your world that you just get to design. You're like Pokemon going and catching all. Um when you talk about uh getting leverage from AI as a uh person on your team or whatever, how do you think about that as a CEO? Like how do you think about what are you doing today that's different from what you were doing two years ago taking advantage of some of these tech? &gt;&gt; I talked to Chad GPT far too much. Uh it's become my friend. I've built custom GPTs to do all sorts of different things. I built I built my own exec coach. Are you serious? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; What did you feed? &gt;&gt; I I I went and pulled a bunch of snippets from a bunch of books that I was inspired by. Um I pulled stuff from autobiographies. Um uh I pulled like some a bunch of podcast transcripts so and so forth. I like fed them into this like custom GBT and I was like hey um you know you are an exec coach. I gave it a certain set of parameters that I wanted to coach me on. Um and then I just talked to it every now and then like helps me work through a problem sometimes. Um it's not perfect by any stretch but it it it gets you a unique view of uh of it. But also at one point um there's this like this guy that I've never met but I love his books. This guy named Josh Whiteskin. Okay. Um, and he's like, you know, the exec coach to and the most impressive people out there. He'll never be my exec coach, right? Pl's not a big enough business. Like, I I don't run like a trillion dollar hedge fund or something like that. Um, but I fed a bunch of his stuff into it and I was like, "Now, you're the Josh Whiteskin exec coach. Like, please coach me." And it was kind of cool. Like, you know, having read his books, it feels like it got somewhat close. Um, so those are those are some of the the more fun things. Um uh but but philosophically for the organization it's just it's it's making the clear statement like hey everybody is an AI enabled version of themselves. So to our engineering team um some companies historically had this concept of like an applied AI engineer and we have the expectation that every engineer is an applied AI engineer. Um we originally tried the applied AI team but then we were like no no this needs to be everybody. Um and so it's just making it really clear what the expectation is of everybody. Everybody should be innovating. Everybody should be learning and then setting aside dedicated time to go learn about it. So we do these AI days um both companywide and then as a team and then we back those up with uh with hackathons where like we'll do AI day where we'll teach you a bunch of stuff you have time to go learn and then a month later after you played with the tools we'll do a hackathon where you go deep and build something and we've massively increased the number of both AI days and kind of like training days and hackathons that we do this year. Um and I think we'll continue that into next year with the expectation that our workforce is going to be fundamentally different in how they do their work by the end of next year. If you were a betting man three years from now, does that headcount go up, down, or flat? &gt;&gt; Up probably. Um, it doesn't go up at the pace that it might have in a different era. So, you know, seeing the increased efficiency coming out of our engineering team, we don't need to hire new engineers at the pace that we did before, but we will continue to hire engineers and we we will continue to see the the efficiency gains improve. So, the net output of the organization will be as much if not much greater than what it would have been had we hired at the pace that we did call it a couple years ago. I think a thousand people is quite a lean. It's like a pretty lean organization given what you all are doing. &gt;&gt; We try to be fairly lean. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Do you buy this perspective that all organizations are going to be half the size down in headcount? &gt;&gt; Not I can't speak for all organizations and I certainly can't speak for companies outside of Silicon Valley um because you know I I don't know how the insides of an accounting firm or a law firm work. Um, and there I do think there will be meaningful job changes. Um, but in our business like and in all of the other startups that I know, if you can do more, you're going to do more. Um, and if you can afford to hire more people in order to do more and the leverage that you get out of those people is dramatically larger. You're going to you're going to just build more stuff. You're going to create more products. You're going to add more value for your customers. And so I think that the that the insatiable demand of doing more, building more, creating better products for customers and so forth will uh that'll continue and I would expect that, you know, startup headcount will continue to grow. I can't speak for big companies, but certainly for us, you know, if I can hire an engineer that's twice as efficient, um that sounds great. That's a great deal. I should hire that engineer and then build products that generate far more value for the company. &gt;&gt; Um I appreciate you doing this. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Of course. And I'm sorry again for the delay. &gt;&gt; That's okay. Um, are you speaking of hiring, where are you hiring? What are you hiring for? Any key roles that you want to shout out? &gt;&gt; Uh, I mean, we're hiring for basically everything in New York and San Francisco, especially um, uh, engineering, go to market, uh, in both places. And we just opened a Raleigh office. So, if you know any amazing salespeople in Raleigh, we're building a sales office there. &gt;&gt; Cool. When you hear the word grit, what do you think of? You know, I this is maybe a weird answer to it, but like I think of those periods of, you know, the hardest that you push, but also the most fun that you have. Um, you know, impossible challenge in front of you. Um, you know, I and I think I speak for a lot of founders when I say it like that's the moment when you're the most alive. You see something that's that's that's totally impossible to do and you're like, "Yeah, I'm going to go figure out how to do it anyway." &gt;&gt; It's a great answer, Zach. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Thank you for having me. &gt;&gt; That's it for now. If you like the episode, please leave us a review or go back into the archives where we've done more than 200 episodes with some fantastic folks. This podcast is a Cliner Perkins production and I'm Juben. Thanks for listening.
