---
ticker: PLAID
type: youtube
title: "Plaid Effects 2025 | Smarter lending with cash flow insights"
channel: "Plaid"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EqDA5J4mM68
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 37275
---

# Plaid Effects 2025 | Smarter lending with cash flow insights

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Plaid
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EqDA5J4mM68

## 转录全文

[Music] Welcome everyone and thanks for joining us for this effect session. Today we're going to talk about a major shift in credit decisioning. How cash flow data is transforming lending by helping lenders move faster, make smarter decisions, and reach more borrowers. I'm Mike Goodwin and I lead our credit go to market team here at Plaid. and I'll be guiding today's conversation with two incredible product leaders who are building some of the most exciting tools in credit today. First, we have Michelle Young, Plaid's product lead for credit. Michelle, tell us a bit about yourself. So excited to be here with everyone today. Uh, as Mike said, I lead our credit products. Um, we build products that lenders can use to make better credit decisions. um really centered around cash flow data being at the heart of that decision. Uh I'd love to pass it over to uh back to you, Mike. Thanks, Michelle. Um and we're also thrilled to have Ashley Knight, who is the SVP of financial services and data at Experian. Welcome, Ashley. Thank you so much for having me. I'm so happy to be here with you both, Michael and Michelle. I'm Ashley Knight uh and I lead product management at Experian with a focus on all things data in the B2B space. So this means alternative data models and attributes and of course open banking and more. So happy to be here today and excited for the conversation. We've got the dynamic duo here. I'm really excited for the conversation. Uh thanks for the intras. Just a quick housekeeping note. We will save time um at the end for questions. So feel free to drop those in the Q&amp;A module that you see on your screen. Um and we will also be recording this session. We'll make it available afterwards. So let's start with where lenders are today. In nearly every conversation that I have, whether it's with banks or fintexs, uh the same challenges tend to come up again and again. How do you drive profitable growth responsibly? How do you approve more borrowers without taking on more risk? It's a really tough balance uh that lenders are trying to walk. So the answer from our perspective starts with getting a more complete picture of your borrowers and that's where cash flow data can come in. When used alongside traditional credit data can support smarter, more inclusive credit decisions. We're seeing real real momentum here. We we've actually done a survey of consumer lenders in the United States and we found that 88% are feeling more confident today in using alternative data than they were a year ago. Um but in practice most still haven't adopted it. And so there is this gap between on the one hand belief um and and then the other action. And that's what we're going to be focused on today. So first Michelle, when when lenders come to you, what's holding them back? I think it's a really good question. I I I love to start with the context of like as much as the momentum and excitement around cash flow data is happening right now, it's not necessarily brand new. I think the concept itself has been around for a while. Like you know the bring your bank statement or print out your payub and take it to your lender and show them that to help you substantiate for a loan. You know that's not necessarily new. But what I think is exciting as we've moved more into this digital world is having um the ability to move beyond the manual process and have this data more readily available. And so I think to date the reason why we haven't seen it adopted sooner um at scale is really around two pieces. The first is accessibility of that data and the second is usability. On accessibility I think we all the time and when you think about credit you think about a traditional credit score. you think about how easy it is to share that information, how standardized that that information can be. And I think at times like why we haven't been able to get to that quick momentum around cash flow is lenders want to have cash flow data as quick as possible and friction can has in the past been the source of that. I think the good news is we're really getting momentum around standardization of this data and the ability to share this as fast as possible and making sure that the user experience in terms of what the borrower sees or the applicant sees is seamlessly fitting into the application process and the platform in which lenders want to see that data. Um, and from a plaid perspective, like we're so proud of the infrastructure that we've really built that allows for this like expansion of this data and really the momentum around cash flow lend uh that we've seen with both lenders and borrowers who really want this data to be a part of the decision process and are more comfortable sharing it. Um, on the usability front, it's not just having the data itself. like having been within this space for a while, having looked at credit, looked at a ton of transactions data, like this stuff can be messy and um what's important to us is making sure that lenders have the resources that they don't have to have time to standardize this data. Like they want to spend their time like how do I make this like a differentiating factor of my underwriting? How do I use this to actually create a competitive advantage or serve borrowers in new ways that I've ever that I've never done before? uh were really the powers and the analytics behind the data. And so what's important to us is that we create the ability for this data to be more offtheshelf. Um for example, PLA's models, we've transformed messy data into structured actionable insights that really drives the lender's dynamic around um understanding a borrower's financial life. Um, and this includes the activity or the behavior or connections across 7,000 financial apps on the Plaid network to support both the cash flow side and the behavioral side of of a connecting a bank account. Couldn't agree more. It's really interesting like a few weeks ago uh I had a conversation with a large auto lender and one of the things that they highlighted was the importance of seamless access to data uh in order to make cash flow generating successful. And it's it's one of the reasons that we at Plaid have invested so heavily in best-in-class connectivity capabilities like our hosted link product um in order to meet consumers where they are. So we've got seamless access, we've got actionability. Ashley, what are you hearing from customers? Yeah. So, Michael, it's funny that you say your, you know, your engagement with the auto lender because similarly on our side, we've had a very uh interesting and similar discussion where um a different auto lender, but they are looking to receive proactive analytics on cash flow so that they can integrate and improve their processes overall. And so, it's definitely top of mind across various segments and across the industry. uh at Experian, we're hearing uh one about visibility and financial inclusion. And so financial inclusion obviously isn't something that's a a new concept, but in a lot of more recent discussions, I'm hearing that uh clients are really looking to implement tactics specific to driving financial inclusion and and measuring the impact of that positively to their consumer um to their member, etc. uh and so cash flow obviously comes into play here because it provides a broader visibility into a consumer's financial health overall. Additionally, you know, obviously on a lender side, there's continuous focus on providing um more data, receiving more data to better assess risks, to better identify future opportunities and and certainly new data elements in addition to traditional credit can do this. Um, so cash flow data definitely top of mind and as Michelle mentioned can help, but it's not necessarily decision ready, right? Like as as Michelle said, it's very complex and the the data can be provided in all different uh views, different time frames. There's not a just a standard consistent way to review the the cash flow data. So unlike credit reports which are more standardized right typically in a metro 2 format cash flow can really vary widely by institution. So it's so important to have machine learning driven tools that can classify transactions synthesize the data identify things like recurring income spend patterns etc then use that to perform analytics and then take that data and and um take action upon it. So that's that's largely what we're hearing. I also think there's a there's a consumer view as well in terms of the need for consumer education and overall how cash flow data and permissioning it can help provide and for them to receive better products and services. And so the the trust and transparency around how cash flow data is used is extremely important. Uh Experian Boost is one example where we've helped consumers to raise their credit scores through their sharing of consumer permission data uh for the purposes of boosting their credit. And so this is just one example of leveraging cash flow that can drive better consumer outcomes. I think that's that's great. And I I love I think a lot of times when we talk about cash flow, we also think about like the credit perspective and like how do you build this into the models and like how do you approve the borrowers and I think the other thing as as we've been thinking about cash flow it's like really taking that step back to realize there's like somewhat of a cultural shift within the industry that's happening right now and I think there's a lot of parties that are involved in that. Like there's the regulatory side which I think is like constantly evolving and moving. Um but that I think the other part of it is looking at this information from not just a risk lens but a compliance perspective and a product perspective and as you think about the internal support that you need across an organization to bring this in um you know it's understanding the data whether or not it's through a retro or something to really build that business case and value and understand the risk impact but then translate that over into like well how does that over impact my overall business metrics like how do I think about this from how I bring in new loans how I kind manage my portfolio overall? Um, or from a compliance perspective, like what does this mean for federal lending? How should we think about it from that point of view? Um, and even from an FC practice, how do I decision off of this data? Like, who do I site as part of the source of this decision? Um, and I think that's so important to have those tools that really create a comprehensive picture because it's not just about the credit impact. I think there's a ton of other areas that are involved that's really important to make cash flow successful. 100% Michelle. I I agree. The culture across marketing teams, decisioning teams, credit risk, right, compliance, it's u it's so deeply ingrained the way we do things today. And to pivot and shift into this new um data set and different dimensions of a consumer's financial health is a change that we, you know, we together obviously can help manage. Um and every stakeholder that we just mentioned, right, has different needs and has different business justification that they need to um to take to their stakeholders to get buy in. uh you mentioned retros and those obviously are so important especially with um you know the CRO's of an organization and um in showing how cash flow performs alongside traditional credit as one as one example which unique to Experian in the industry because we have you know the cash flow attributes and scores that can tie to credit characteristics and performance data so that risk officers can understand how cash flow performs within their underwriting models. And this is so important because lenders have to know how data performs before they're going to integrate it fully into their processes. Yeah, there are so many dimensions uh to the challenges here, but also so many opportunities. I mean, you guys were flagging really that we're at a tipping point in terms of accessibility, usability, uh, consumer health, uh, consumer financial health, the ability to retro. Um, I'd love to kind of shift gears a little bit and and talk a bit more about the real benefits that there are for for both lenders and consumers. Ashley, what can lenders expect if they adopt cash flow uh, data for credit underwriting? Yeah, there are there are benefits for both, definitely. uh lenders can expect to get more precise risk assessment because right it's a different data asset alongside credit that provides a holistic view of a consumer. Um they can leverage cash flow data and the analytics on an existing portfolio so that they are maximizing opportunities also de-risking as well by getting that deep insight on transaction data. Um so there's there's significant benefits there to the lender expanding their overall population and universe that they can uh provide financial services and products to. Um I'd also say though like obviously the the lenders benefit but there's a significant consumer benefit as well here. Um and that is really around financial inclusion like I mentioned earlier and getting access to more credit better priced credit get better favorable lending terms etc that is really based on their overall financial health. Um so I'll give I'll just give just one example of of what we hear a lot about at Experian which is the the thin file consumer. I mean I'm sure you've heard both heard of this right? So, a consumer who um is just entering into the credit ecosystem, maybe they're new to country, maybe they just graduated from college and they have no transaction history. And we know that nearly 20% of Americans are living without a credit score. So, this is not a small problem. Then you you start looking at cash flow data. Cash flow can provide an important piece of the overall financial health of the consumer. So giving them more access by looking at this other set of data outside of traditional credit. Um so so truly truly helping consumers um overall in addition to to lenders. Yeah, it's it's great that you bring up the kind of thin file no file younger uh segments and it's it's a a group of customers and then consumers that Plaid works with pretty extensively. like we'll look at at our more sophisticated small dollar and cash advance customers. They built really fast growing businesses. Um they target that group of people who have limited access to credit today. Um and they do it with cashful data. It's it's it's really inspiring to see. But one question I think many folks have uh is sort of like can cash data improve credit decisions not just for that thin file segment but also for more traditional borrowers who have you know extensive credit history good credit scores etc. Michelle I'd love to hear what your thoughts are there. Yeah, I mean absolutely. I think as you think about somebody looking for credit, like everyone has a different story and there's something going on that's driving the need for that or there's something that going on that like something happened in someone's life and like that's how their credit score isn't where they necessarily want it to be, but that's not really representative of the real time view that it is today. And so I think that historical context is really on the traditional credit side is what's been challenging. And what we're so excited about here at Plaid is this really gives that real time more holistic view on a borrower when it's looked at both credit and cash flow together. Um, and allows lenders to look at that and optimize things around pricing, optimize things around improve approvals. um and doing it not just on like the financial inclusion, thin file, no file side, but even on prime borrowers or subprime borrowers that have a different view or different perspective. Um and so like taking a look at somebody with a high credit score, like they might have a really high credit score, but let's say that they just recently took a pay cut or they lost a job. Like there's an opportunity to reflect that from a risk dynamic and perspective in the offers that you're able to present to a borrower. Um, and on the flip side, you might have somebody who got a, you know, got a credit card and they've been paying on time for the most part, but now you have this view into like an increase in their income, maybe they got promoted, they have a new job, they've started to manage their finances better, like that's an opportunity to like engage that borrower because of cash flow in more real-time perspective. So instead of asking somebody like, "Hey, update your income on a credit card that you get that like notification on your app," like what if I as a lender was like, "I've seen that like Ashley's doing amazing. Like, let me give her an increase proactively." And I think that's the power of looking at this data beyond just certain populations. Like I really think it's going to create a much more broader income or much more broader impact. Um income's just a part of it. Um and really the ability to like take that into new new populations that I think we just haven't seen before. Yeah. And I I was just going to say too, Michelle, like I I agree with all of that and some of the things that we've talked about and another example of that is is what we hear at Experian the terminology second chance um second chance decisioning, second chance financing where, you know, so it's not just about the the thin file. It's maybe someone has a thick file and they have, you know, a credit score that just doesn't meet a lender's threshold, but a lender can ask the consumer permission cash flow data so that I might turn this decline around and approve you based on your cash flow data. So, I I I think you're completely right, Michelle, that it it's just a such a broad um spectrum of use cases for this type of data. Yeah, Michelle, I'm sure everyone on this call has ignored at least one of those emails from their credit card issuer to update their their income. Um, but uh, so, you know, I hear financial inclusion. That's fundamental to what we're I think what everyone here is trying to achieve. Expanded credit access, um, more effective risk assessments. I mean, these are things that I think any lender would be excited to take the box on. Um, but Ashley, just curious, like from your perspective, is this something that any lender can truly benefit from? Yes, really any lender can. I mean, obviously, you know, proper permissions, consent is is necessary because the consumer is at the heart of this, right? And empowered to own and control their data. So, so outside of that, yes, any lender can. And um there's just a few considerations with how they use it, right? Depending on what industry they're in, what products they have, the application flow, uh risk appetite, there's a lot of different considerations. in in terms of how to maximize this data. Uh but really any lender can and Experian um we we obviously look and we serve clients across the overall spectrum. Some larger clients who are going to want to use this data for custom models, custom attributes. Um and we're prepared obviously to step in and help there. And then on the other end, there are other types of lenders and clients who will need more easy integration and support from experience modern tech combined with plaid um to help really to help really integrate seamlessly and smoothly and make it easy to start leveraging this data. Um but really large and smaller clients can benefit from from um overall cash flow and can be used not only for decisioning but across the life cycle. And that's really the goal. I think what we're hearing a lot about now is this the underwriting um second second look thin file use cases but very quickly it's it's moving into you know marketing pre-qualifications and um more of the the broader credit life cycle beyond just that first phase. Great. Michelle, any any perspectives uh from your point of view on that kind of like full lending life cycle view where cash flow data can slot in? Yeah, I I think what Ashley hit on is it's not just a decisioning thing. I think like decisioning is such a huge value driver, but I think where we think about cash flow, it's like how do you know who to target in the first place and how do you get confidence around things that can be found in cash flow? shifting away from the concept of like a stated income and getting a higher quality, higher confidence income number to generate those initial offers or know who to actually drive offers to. Um, and I think using it in the decision, we spend a ton of time on the benefits of that, like how do you use it to approve, but it's like how do you engage that borrower through cash flow over time and in the servicing stage, whether or not it's marketing like, you know, increase their credit limit, but it also could be like, hey, this borrower is hitting financial distress, and I can help them earlier on and give them options to stay in a loan, and I don't have to wait until something hits a credit report that's going to show me later on that there was an opportunity to really help someone sooner and help help them stay, you know, within that loan that um really cash flow data is providing that visibility. Yeah. Uh we see a ton of value across the entire loan life cycle when we talk to customers. It's it's really paramount. Um so shifting gears a little bit uh for lenders who are ready to use cash flow, maybe they're doing some initial exploration or they've they've actually started experimenting in production. Um, what do you both think some of the most important specific signals or data points they should be paying attention to are? Um, what's your guidance, Michelle, Ashley, um, on how to make sense of cash flow data? Uh, yeah, I I mean, I think from from my perspective, it's it's really identifying the thing to to start with. I think there's a ton of different data points. like earlier I like I have income on the mind but like income is such a critical thing that I think that there's such opportunity like notoriously this has you know been an expensive uh data point to get or it's timely in the process and so I think from a cash flow you know getting that information as early as possible is so important um but having that high confidence around it and using a a bank account and cash flow data to you know better understand direct deposits identify patterns um and really get a better sense of uh of income stability and then beyond that it's like finding opportunities to standardize like gig workers self-employed like if we think that you know a traditional borrower with like a W2 payub is timely to underwrite I mean gig workers and like self-employed like that is a lengthy process and I think it really streamlines the ability to receive this information sooner yeah income is is definitely important and top of mind we hear about that data point constantly. Um and so that is is definitely a a critical step in the process. And once income is established naturally, right, is the expenses. Um what are true recurring expenses? And these are things, right, not just um on the credit report, but rent, utilities, and obviously, you know, student loan payments is a is a big topic right now. and understanding what that all adds up to in terms of cash flow data can give a clearer picture of a consumer's monthly monthly expenses that they have overall. Um and and so I would say how to how to maximize this is obviously through capabilities to be able to simplify and synthesize this information to be able to see is this income or is this expense like first and foremost. Um, and that sounds simple, but it it really is super complicated to identify that in in large swaths of data. Um, and so then once you identify these expenses, as an example, um, leveraging solutions like cash flow attributes to be able to identify which of these expenses is most predictive in assessing risk. Uh, I'll give a a real life example where um, we had done a recent retros. We're talking about retros a lot. It's very um it's very top of mind as well. And uh one of the the attributes that spiked the most in terms of importance was around credit card expenses. And so that you know not not intuitively you would predict that this is most important but it's what the data showed us. And so for the next client retro, this may not be the case. But I think the point is that having the access to to expense data, being able to interpret it and do analytics to identify what is most predictive within that expense category is what's important to then be able to use this data and and maximize it based on the use case um for the for the lender. So, uh, income, expenses, understanding the patterns, etc. Um, I'd also say too that on a ser on the service and and Michelle touched on this too earlier, a borrower could be a prime a prime consumer, right, on the credit side, but on the cash flow side, if you start really digging into the activity and you're looking at things like the income versus the expense, you can start to see some concerning signs around spending habits such as overdrafts or um consistently paid fees or maybe balances that hover close to zero, right? And so being able to identify all this information, translate it and actually use it uh daytoday to make decisions to um to protect the consumer etc. is is very important. Yeah. One of the things that I think is particularly interesting is that with cash flow data, you're actually getting a snapshot into what's happening right now. Whereas with traditional bureau data, valuable as it may be, you're looking at the past 30, 60, 90 days. Um, and so you're getting this like real-time view into a consumer's financial health and actually to your point, uh, a view into income, expenses, and like overall money management, balance, stability, etc. All of which can be super valuable. Um, let's we've kind of covered this like what to look for from an insight standpoint. Um, now let's switch gears and talk very quickly about how to best integrate cash flow data into lender workflows. Um it's a it's a question that we all hear frequently. Um whether it's from property managers who want to verify income or personal lenders who want to create a second look flow um or even buy now pay later providers who are deeply embedded in merchant flows and care a ton about friction. Um let's try to break it down in a couple of steps. Michelle, what would be the first step that you would advise a lender take when they're thinking about integrating cash flow data into a lending workflow? Uh, okay. I'm going to start with a very quick but easy answer. Like you got to pick the right vendor. Like you got to get access to the data just to get started. And I think that's something that like we talk to customers about all the time is, you know, find that use case that you want to do and integrate the vendor that you want to actually receive access to this data. Um, and then I think from how you do it, it comes down to like what is the experience? What is the use case? like what is the first point that you're going to present the ability for um a borrower or applicant to share this information and then how do you position your user experience to support that? Um that's something that's always been at the heart of what we've done at Plaid is really creating these like safe and uh friction free friction-free experiences as much as possible to like really allow a user to go through and share that information within the application. Um, you know, something I'm super excited about is, uh, our new onboarding experience that, you know, allows a borrower to go in and share their bank information. Um, and we've seen just already a huge conversion lift of up to 25% from this experience with our customers, which really is a significant reduction in onboarding a user, but also really enhances the ability to share this information and bring it into your process, whether or not you're doing something as a lender like Second Lick, which we've mentioned, or even, you know, starting to collect that information through something like income verification to then decide how do you want to bring it upstream. Yeah. Yeah. And then I mean like to add just very simply on to that once you've chosen the right provider then integrate into your systems um so that you can start intaking cash flow. And you know I think a an API strategy to be able to leverage this data real time is important. And um I know we're we're really focused on that. We've chosen chosen an API strategy that allows lenders to direct their output a score and attribute directly into their decisioning engine so that it's super seamless. Um so and that's for a real-time use case. There's also of course um batch options as well and so lenders can can do either access a real-time solution or send batch files for various use cases and those can be done at regular intervals. And we're working closely obviously with PLA to make it super easy to share large complex data files. And of course in doing so you know uh in a secure and compliant manner uh and that's integrated into everything that that Experian and Plaid do and and so Michelle we've got kind of vendor selection integration. You're kind of at the you're you're at the peak of the mountain here. What comes next once you've got those two knocked out? Okay. I'm going to go back to what I hit on earlier. It's like getting it into the process like having that first use case where you really deploy it and like I think there's the you know selection there's the assessment and then there's incorporating into your decision model. So um finding that use case that you're going and then it doesn't you know it doesn't mean throwing away your current models. It also means like taking a look at how this fits in in a hybrid approach. There's still a ton of value out of you know more traditional data like a an existing credit score. So how do you actually blend these together? How do you look at that in context of of your existing underwriting models and then finding the places that you just get started and start either approving borrowers um or or managing your workflow that a borrower sees based off of this data? Yeah, love it. And so now that a a lender has uh cash flow data live in their underwriting model, their credit strategy, um Ashley, it'd be interesting to hear from you like what kind of impact can they expect to see? Yeah, that's a great question because um you know, as we've talked about, there was a positive impact to the to the consumer and the borrower, the consumer and the lender. Um, and so what we've seen with our analytics is that a lender can see a lift in approval rates of up to 30%. We've also seen in in using cash flow score a 25% lift in performance of decisioning models when this data is incorporated. So so win win win-win all around. Super powerful. And and Michelle, what about Plaid customers? Yeah, we've we've seen similar I think especially as we look at the context of not only just the cash flow but also the behavior behind it. So I think things that we look at from you know an attributes perspective there's the cash flow side of the house but there also you know the connections that's been made to the account that's being used to share that information whether or not you're using it to as a borrower to connect to wealth management accounts as well or you're looking at it to connect to um earn wage access. I think all of those come into elements that you can understand and assess and uh we've seen performance boost using those attributes together alongside cash flow and kind of that network behavior um to be able to really increase the predictive performance of scoring up to to 25%. Um I think the other thing that we're super excited about is like the time that it makes takes to actually generate that decision. I think it's so important to really think about the overall experience. It's not the decision itself to say approved or denied, but it's also the ability to how do you get the offer back to a borrower? Um, and so for some customers, we've seen the uh the ability to get back to applicants in in less than 10 seconds, which I really think is a game changer and how this data and information can be used. Incredible set of results. The lift uh on the model side, a slick decisioning experience. Um, you know, obviously we're we're convinced, but uh we've talked a lot about the the steps that lenders need to take to implement cash flow data. Choosing provider, doing retros, refining decisioning models, really the same things that you would expect from any new data source being incorporated into a credit strategy. Um, but we do oftentimes hear that, hey, like the best data can feel out of reach if if the integration is feeling a bit too complex. And so the good news is that we recently announced that Plat and Experian have a new partnership that brings together real-time cash data with credit analytics to help lenders improve decisioning, pinpoint risk, drive financial inclusion, all the things that we've talked about in this conversation. Um Michelle and Ashley, why don't you tell us a little bit more about uh what you've been working on here? Yeah, I mean I I'll I'll start and then Michelle definitely jump in because this is just the the start of our um of our future together as as a collaborators. Um but we we went down this path because cash flow, as both of our organizations know, has become a strategic imperative for lenders who want to drive financial inclusion, who want to remain competitive, and who want to really serve a broader market. And so historically there's been challenges in in leveraging this data as we've talked about categorizing the data ingesting it making it actionable um and there isn't historical data to assess risk. Uh so so you put our two organizations together, Platin Experience and we can collectively provide um a seamless user-friendly experience combined with robust analytics, insights in real time to be leveraged across the credit life cycle. Um and really help drive drive more um responsible lending and inclusion, etc. And so we've we've just kicked off this this collaboration largely to make it easy and benefit the consumer. Um and and we will look to continue to do more together as well in the future. Michelle, you want to add anything to that? Yeah, I mean uh equally excited here about what we're doing together between P and XP. And I think from from the PA's perspective and something that's so important to me is also like serving lenders where they are. I think different lenders have different needs. um and looking at you know how can you actually integrate this as quickly as possible. Um we view plat at the center of an ecosystem across the landscape. Um partners like Experian are really helping us you know get to financial institutions or lenders that really want to use this along cash flow and credit data seamlessly. And so we're excited to work with Experian and other partners to really drive forward cash flow adoption across the industry. And and very quickly, uh, for lenders who are interested, uh, where can they learn more about the Plaid and Experian partnership, Michelle? At experienc.com. So, we're here. We're listening. We want to meet with you all. Please reach out. We're super super excited about uh what we have to offer. Love the love the plug. Sponsored content here. Um, well, we're we've we've run a little bit long, but we do want to take a a couple minutes for questions. Um, whether you're wondering about implementation or impact, where this data can fit into your tech stack. Um, so first question I want to pull out here is, uh, how do you recommend explaining the use of cash flow data to consumers, especially during the application process? You know, think about things like adverse action, etc. Yeah, I'll keep this one quick. I think it's all about the user experience. So, you know, knowing when to kind of prompt to allow a a borrower to go through and share this information. Um, you know, we see overall borrowers are more willing to share cash flow data or bank account data in order to actually qualify and view this as an opportunity to get that more holistic picture, but like in the end of the day, it comes into like what does that experience look like and how do you think about that in context of your broader application journey. Yeah. And it's something that our team here at Plaid and the Experian team have a lot of experience with helping lenders build out the right consumer journey to to make this seamless. Um well, thank you both so much. That's all the time that we have today. Um we're super excited about the future of cash flow data. We hope that you're leaving today with a clear view of what cash flow data is, how it can be beneficial, how you can integrate it into your lending processes. Um, and so please keep out for the keep an eye out for the session recording um, and some follow-up resources that we'll share here. Um, and thanks again. We'll see you all next time.
