---
ticker: PLAID
type: youtube
title: "Plaid Review 2025: Everything You Need to Know When Getting a Loan/Opening an Account💰CREDIT S6•E204"
channel: "Your Solvent Uncle"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FwttUumxFTk
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 16064
---

# Plaid Review 2025: Everything You Need to Know When Getting a Loan/Opening an Account💰CREDIT S6•E204

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Your Solvent Uncle
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FwttUumxFTk

## 转录全文

Let's have a quick conversation about plot. A lot of folks hear the word plot. Although they is plot good, is plaid bad? And the big question into this into this conversation, I want to really clarify everything for you. What does blood really do? Is it safe to use? Can you trust your your data to them, okay? Among other things. Okay, so here are the generalities I want you to really pay attention to. If you think about plot, I want you to think about a platform that actually collects and shares personal financial info with uh apps and other services. Okay. So basically uh plot provides um a link so financial institutions can securely share user data like your data when you apply for a loan or credit card or even you want to open a bank account. They can share uh user data with apps and payment services like Venmo. Okay. And Cash App. Now, you don't have to create your own account with Plaude, but you can use a Plaid portal to view what types of info you have shared with the service. The thing is that um Plat is trying to really be transparent because they know that the public some of some u members of the public are really pissed off at how they run their business model. And one thing I want to say here is that um with plot, you can be sure that u they are safe. I mean I will explain later on but they are definitely safe because there is no record of any major data breaches although the company actually did settle a lawsuit that alleged that it has it had collected too much consumer data. Okay. So, it's one of those things where if you are in an industry where you collect consumer data, chances are every now and then you are going to uh be slapped with a lawsuit anyway because uh people are really really sensitive about their personal info and um it's one of those things where you better have a strict or let's just say strict personal privacy protocols to protect everything. Okay, so you'll probably run into a plot when you connect your bank account to apps run by financial services like American Express, Venmo, Upstart, Upgrade. Okay, so plot actually authenticates your financial information permitting those companies to transfer sensitive information securely. Okay. So that's actually the business model that plot actually has uh so far and they actually contract with a lot of apps not just those that I just told you but also um personal capital for instance or wav and personal capital budgeting apps. So when you think about plot the basics are pretty pretty straightforward. Okay. So plaid actually acts as a middleman so an uh intermediary by connecting your financial accounts to eligible apps and services of your choosing. The thing is that you have to choose those apps. Okay, those apps are not imposed upon you. You are the one who is in control when it comes to the u the eligible apps and services that you want plot to actually uh connect your financial account to. So basically uh plot says that it makes sense for this connections to be handled by a third party because of the complexity uh involved. Okay. So that's really important because if you think about it in the states alone in this country alone you have 11,000 financial institutions. But the thing is they structure and manage their data in many different ways. So for an app that wants to enable users to connect their financial accounts, building a digital connection digital connection to a single financial institution can take a lot of uh engineering time and expertise. Now imagine doing that for thousands of times. Okay, for many companies it's just not possible. And so plot actually offers a um let's say um like a way to actually facilitate the whole transaction. So depending on the app or service you are trying to use, plot may offer that company the following data points. So account holder information. So here when it comes to account holder information, they are offering your name, address, phone number and email address at at a financial institution. So those could be done actually faster through plot. You also have account transactions details. So information shared may include the balances, transaction dates, types of transactions and transaction descriptions. And you also have account specific details. So here you have your account name or tab the account number. So type it can be a savings account, checking account, CD or what have you. The account number, the routing number and the balance. Okay, the account balance. Those may also be data points that are shared through uh through uh plot. So if a single username and password unlock actually um unlock access to multiple accounts like a checking accounts, savings account and credit cards for example, information from all accounts may be shared with the app or services that you have actually selected. So how does plot really work here? So basically with your permission. Okay. So everything starts with your permission. Plot is not going to do do anything without your permission. So with your permission, plot allows a financial app or service to access information from your bank. So I want you to think of plot as the goeteen, the intermediary, the middleman. Okay? encrypting and protecting data as it's sent from your bank to the app or service. For example, let's say you want to use a new budgeting app like we wab or personal capital, okay? Or even uh or even mints for I mean used to be uh but I mean you you you get the point. So what happens here is that instead of manually entering your account numbers and routing numbers from uh I mean for your different uh bank accounts and inputting your transaction histories, plaid will automatically share the data with widen. So the app can analyze your earning, spending and saving patterns to develop a road map for your finances. So that's pretty good from from a scalability point of view. Okay. You can also use plaud to connect to your Chime bank or a credit card account. And so when you need to pass your bank credentials to another finance app, you'll be prompted with a plot window. Okay? And uh you will enter your uh your username, your username and password and submit the form. That information stays only with plot. Okay. which will contact u your uh your financial service provider and verify your login information and if you have set up two factor authentication you will enter the information as well and plot also has the option to use its own 2FA two-factor authentication if your bank doesn't support that extra layer of security okay so blood is actually a certified and internationally recognized security standards like like uh ISO um 27001 ISO 27701 and uh SSA SS AE one B sock 2 compliant okay so that's something to really remember and everything happens within uh the plot secure network okay now once you have used plot to authenticate your bank information the connection is in place and can be used to transfer the financial info that you authorize. Okay, this could be uh information uh about uh anything that you want to really allow. So big question is is plot really safe to use because uh you probably heard in the news that plot settled settled a lawsuit recently. Okay. And uh basically people are kind of concerned about the the security of uh plot as a as a platform. So plot settled a class action uh in which it agreed to pay $58 million to individuals who had used its interface including Venmo, Robin Hood, and Coinbase users. And the lawsuit was based on Plot acquiring more data than it needed and storing that user's bank account login credentials on Pla's systems. So basically, is plot really safe to use? Yes. Yes, it's definitely safe to use. I mean, anytime you're doing anything with your banking info, you need to focus on the security features that will that will keep that info out of the hands of bad actors, right? So basically, if you if you think about plot, plot is definitely safe to use because they use four different layers of uh security. So you have a login and password protection process. You have best-in-class encryption. You have multiffactor authentication. And you have regular audits. So when I speak about login and password protection, for instance, you will need to enter your username and password to your financial info to allow Plaude to share the account info. However, Plaid's website said it doesn't share your login info with the apps. You also have best-in-class encryption. So, while advanced encryption standards and the transport layer security are terms that may not mean much to people who don't speak cyber security lingo, they are both signals of plot efforts to keep all the information as securely as possible as uh while it's been transmitted. Okay, it's all encrypted, meaning that the outside parties cannot view your info while it's in transit. So that's really good. You also have a multiffactor authentication. So when you share your details with plaud, expect to get a text on your phone as well. Okay. And the confirmation is an additional layer of security to uh help plot verify that that it's really you and regular audits. So basically a plot invites uh basically third party scrutiny all the time. Okay. So they can make sure that their security uh is actually uh top-notch. That's kind of cool. Okay. And uh just remember that uh this is an an ongoing effort. Okay. Plot is not going to really uh be 100% secure, but they try their best to get to that level. So big question is can plot see your bank account balance and other financial data? This is actually the the extras I want to explain to you. And the short answer is that yes. Yes. Once you enter your bank login details, plot may be able to view your account balance and share those details with another service. Okay. Let me give you an let me give you an example. Let's say you are applying for a personal loan or using a new budget app. The lender or the app provider will likely need to know your account balance. I mean for example if you apply for a loan at upstart or upgrade or avant or main financial they want to know how much you have in the bank account. Okay so plot can see that and plot can share them can share that info with them. Other pieces of uh data that plot can collect use and share with other providers includes um name, mailing address, phone number and email address. transaction history including a date for instance the amount the type and the full description of each purchase withdrawal or other transaction. So something to really be aware of you have the account name and account type the account number the routing number the real time balance that's important for some uh financial services providers like uh the real time balance. Okay, so this is something to really think about and uh you can actually choose what info to share with plot. Again, you are always in control. Plot will actually um will let you know beforehand because what happens here is that when Plot asks for your bank login information to connect your account with another company, you will get a clear rundown of the types of info that will be shared. Okay. Additionally, and this is a big addition, you can submit a request to delete your data and eliminate connections with other services via plots sec I mean plot plot does have a privacy request form or you can go to the plot portal and from there you can really uh do uh all kinds of changes that you really want to uh to do. So that's really uh great. So let me give you a few uh examples here. So when plot is actually used, okay, I want to give you a real life examples so you understand the extent of plots's um impact on uh fin on the lives of consumers. Okay. So plot has a variety of different use cases. It can be used to evaluate your credit, verify income, or confirm sufficient funds for a peer-to-peer payments to name a few. So, some examples of institutions that use a plot include Nerd Wallet, Venmo, Chime, and Pedal, and Tommo Credit. So, when I say a Nerd Wallet, Nerd Wallet's uh app allows you to track uh net worth, cash flow, credit score, and more. But in order to get that info, you have to link financial accounts through Plot. Okay. And for Venmo, the mobile app for peer-to-peer payments and money transfers require it requires you to verify a bank account through plot by entering a username and password for a for an online bank account. So that's important. Venmo uses that to verify the account information and balance to actually see whether there is enough money to uh actually cover a transaction. You also have so if you have chime for instance by actually providing uh plaid with login credentials to an eligible external bank account. What happens here is that basically uh plaid may uh may be able to may be able to use it to use actually that info to connect to I mean to send that info to Chime and you can use uh Chime can use uh that info to fund your Chime bank account. What about pedal? Pedal and tommo credit. So when apply for the pedal credit card and to or or even tommo card. Okay. Basically um you may be required to link a bank account through plot during the application process to provide a more holistic review of your finances. Okay. So that's an important element to really understand that you know plot is actually uh instilling a greater layer of uh security a layer of uh stability a greater layer of uh assurance okay to uh the lenders to the credit providers. So bottom line here is that you have to understand that the plot is actually safe to use. Okay. And uh so plot is uh is basically used by more than 11,000 companies and so that's really big 11,000 companies from big big banks, Chase, Wells Fargo, Bank of America, City to uh smaller players such as Venmo, Acorns, Betterment and many other fintech companies. Okay, so one thing for sure uh while no company is 100% immune to data breaches and online hackers, plot actually uh is used by many users and um they know that they have to beef up their security protocols every single day. So that's something that's important for them. So they do a better job at protecting and transmitting sensitive information. The company follows uh rigorous security protocols to safeguard your financial accounts including best-in-class encryption, okay, and uh multiffactor authentication for the vast majority of transactions. So that's kind of cool from a from a from a a security point of view. Okay, just remember that plot is just an in uh middleman. Okay, plot it remains a fintech company. So all they do is facilitates communication between financial services apps and users, banks and credit card providers. Okay. So during the transaction, plot communicates with your bank to keep your login uh your login information private and uh basically and they do so by using a best-in-class encryption protocols to protect uh users information. Okay. So that's the bottom line I want you really uh I want you to really pay attention to. Now one thing I need to say before closing to this conversation is that whether you should trust the plot or not depends on u the app the credit provider or the uh financial services provider you actually uh are with and what kind of transactions you are you are involved in. Some transactions like getting a loan or getting getting a credit card. I mean you have no choice. you have to uh you have to accept that plot goes through your uh your data. But but for other transactions, you may actually review things on a on a case-by case basis. For instance, if you're applying for a for for a if you're applying for like if you have to get an apartment for instance and the landlord wants uh to go through plot then you have to make a decision whether you want to share that info through uh through the leasing company through the the landlord for instance. Okay. So in closing in today's conversation I spoke to you about plaud. I give you the generalities the extras the bottom line. Thank you so much. God bless you. I will see you next time. Until then, remember, stay marvelous. [Applause] [Music] Hey, hey, hey.
