---
ticker: PLAID
type: youtube
title: "Tesla Model S Plaid: New Info from Chief Designer and Engineer | Jay Leno's Garage"
channel: "Jay Leno's Garage"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXkOKm9OnR0
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 44017
---

# Tesla Model S Plaid: New Info from Chief Designer and Engineer | Jay Leno's Garage

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Jay Leno's Garage
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXkOKm9OnR0

## 转录全文

Doesn't feel like you're in a supercar. &gt;&gt; Oh, you are. &gt;&gt; Okay, let's step on it right here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you forget how fast this thing is. &gt;&gt; Yeah, right. It's so sublime to drive every day, but then instant instantly. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think &gt;&gt; you don't have to push a button. You don't have to do anything. It's just always right there. &gt;&gt; I think you forget cuz it's such a good allaround car. Yeah, it's quiet and smooth and it's comfortable. And then, oh by the way, it's got,020 horsepower. Welcome to another episode of Jay Lonel's Garage. The vehicle we're featuring today, the latest version of the Tesla Model S. The fun thing about doing these is we get the man who designed it and the engineer behind it, France and Lo. Come on in, you guys. Good to see you again. &gt;&gt; Hey, Jay. &gt;&gt; Morning. &gt;&gt; Uh, well, I see some impressive things right off the top. Those brakes is this was the optional package. Is it still optional or is it standard now on this? &gt;&gt; Well, these these are our carbon ceramic brakes. We've had them optional for a while, but now we put them on there as as you know, like with the package when you get the car and then you can deselect them. So, it's like a, you know, forced option, right? &gt;&gt; Um, but the cool thing about the brakes is, you know, most carbon brakes, they really don't get their temperature. They don't get their mu until the temperature goes up. Mhm. &gt;&gt; When we developed these, we developed a continuous carbon matrix so that the MW and that means the stopping power is there from cold because, you know, when you drive a Tesla, you don't really use the brakes that much. And so, we wanted that bite to come in right right when you hit it when it's cold. And, um, that's what that's what these brakes do. And they're pretty cool. And they look cool, too. &gt;&gt; And, uh, &gt;&gt; that's what I find most impressive. I had my other Tesla nine years, and the pads look not brand new, but boy, pretty good. Cuz I I do the one pedal thing. regen all the time cuz I was wondering about that cuz with carbon ceramic brakes before you had to get them good and hot literally degrees glowing red to really stop but this they work in cold something it's like cold light you know &gt;&gt; exactly it's like cold light they work at any temperature and you know they you know they weigh about 15 kilos less than the other brakes so it's like 35 lbs so you get a little weight cut which &gt;&gt; helps also with rotational inertia which gives you just a little bit on that 0 to 60 run maybe 01.02 seconds. &gt;&gt; Now, this color looks new. I haven't seen this before. Is this new for &gt;&gt; Yeah, this is a new color. It's our sixth color now for Model S. It's a frost blue. And you know, you may have seen like hints of this color. One of the times I came by before, you know, I'd actually designed the color and we put it out in public in broad daylight. I wrapped a car, a Model S, and would drive it over here sometimes. And it was basically the &gt;&gt; the idea around this color. So, we actually put it into production now. Came it came out great. Back to the wheels. The wheels are, you know, we we call them Valyium wheels. They they do a nice job of exposing, you know, our nice big carbon ceramic brakes and the huge caliper that's in red on the plaid. Um, so you really one of the visual cues that you get. But what's interesting about these wheels is they also come with caps that go all around for improved uh arrow uh improvements on it. So, you know, you can decide if you want to, you know, have the caps on or off. It's up to you, but they come with the caps. &gt;&gt; By uh by the caps, you mean uh &gt;&gt; Yeah. around the spokes, there's um like triangle-shaped caps that go around. They're not featured on here, but they help improve the air flow and the aerodynamics, so you can get a little bit more range. &gt;&gt; More range with them or without them? &gt;&gt; With them. Correct. &gt;&gt; With them. Okay. You know, it is funny. I have a Laganda over there. It's It's a Lemon's car &gt;&gt; and Yeah. to cut the big brake drums. There's a hole in the center and in that hole there is a aluminum cup that fits in the hole and I'm told you would think it would run cooler with the holes are exposed and the air would circulate but actually the cups are there to cool it for &gt;&gt; interesting. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean the aerodynamics around a wheel are pretty &gt;&gt; complex and for flow you want the the air just to come around the outside and go by. You just want that's what Fron is saying about the the caps that you insert and then it goes by and it gives you about 10 counts of arrow you know just a couple one or two% of range but when you're trying to cool a brake you want the air to come in the balance between getting the outer surface to like let the air go by and then sucking the air in is probably what the Laganda guys were doing way back when and it's what we do here too with the you know with the caps &gt;&gt; I had never heard of that especially back in the day I wouldn't have thought that was something back in the day &gt;&gt; back in the day they were you know doing a lot of testing and figured out some smart innovator back then. &gt;&gt; What else do we have here? I see some interior. &gt;&gt; I mean, if we stay on the outside, if we start here in the front, um, Ford Plaid, for the first time, a Model S, um, you get a unique front fascia. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So, this is a a different look on the car for the Plaid and that you you there's a unique rear fascia, too. we we'll cover, but uh added um splitter in the front and a unique shape around here that has a little bit bigger ducts on the side that again just passing air through the fascia around the around the wheel. Um and it just gives the plaid now its own character, its own face. &gt;&gt; And all these panel gaps seem much tighter than I remember. &gt;&gt; Well, you know, we're we're been improving quality over and over and over again. JD Power just noticed us. IQS went up like uh about 15 spots. So that's always a bonus. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; we've been bu building Model S for quite a few years. You know, 17 years ago, I started designing this car &gt;&gt; and it's basically hasn't changed that much. &gt;&gt; This is the biggest selling luxury car in this class, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Still is. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, ahead of Mercedes-Benz and all the others. I mean, it's pretty &gt;&gt; I mean, it's a lot of value for the car. I mean, you get a like basically a super car. I mean, it is a super car. Let's be honest. I mean, you're looking what? 1,025 horsepower. &gt;&gt; Still 1,020 horse. Um, and like, you know, 0 to 60 in under two seconds. With the brakes, you get a 200 mile top speed. It goes around the Nurburg Ring pretty fast. &gt;&gt; Quarter mile and 9.2. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you did it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I did it with mine. &gt;&gt; Now, let's see how fast Tesla's plaid four-door sedan can get me to the checkered flag. &gt;&gt; All right, Jay, this is Ron. You're ready to go. &gt;&gt; Ready to go. Wow, that's amazing. Curious to find out my score. So, let's see how we did. How do we do? Awesome. Look at that. What was it? 9247. That's a world record, man. That was awesome. Woo! I didn't do anything. &gt;&gt; World record. There you go. How about that? Until somebody breaks it. &gt;&gt; I'm sure there are Egypt jobs, but I can't think of any. &gt;&gt; It's It's pretty impressive. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um, but the, you know, Fronz is talking about the spoilers. The thing that I love from the performance standpoint is like when when we added this, we were able to balance the lift front to rear a little bit more because, you know, when you're going that fast, obviously the aerodynamics of of slip and trying to keep it efficient versus the aerodynamics of trying to keep the rear end down when you're going fast kind of contradict each other a little bit. But adding these spoilers and making them unique, it helps us keep the lift balance such that the rear stays down um and and the front stays, you know, level so that when you're going 200 miles per hour, you aren't losing control and taking load off those rear tires. &gt;&gt; Something I like, and I don't know if this is deliberate or accidental. But with Tesla paint, if I scrape this or somebody hits me, we can color match this perfectly. Every other car would work with a color matching. That's a little bit off and you got to do a bigger area to make it blend in. But with this the Tesla blue that I have, you you could not tell where the dent was. &gt;&gt; Well, there was no dent, right? &gt;&gt; No, there was no dent. I mean, it it's it's amazing about is I guess it's because it it's not a metallic. Is that why? Probably. &gt;&gt; Well, there's a couple things. One, like we use all water-based paints, right? &gt;&gt; Um and and that helps us like when you have an oil based paint like tends to vary more color to color or batch to batch. The water-based paints definitely help us. This this particular one is a solvent based paint. Um not and and so like when we do that we also don't you know you end up with like a slightly softer clear coat because it it the water just can't accept the same temperatures. &gt;&gt; And that softer clear coat means when you're blending &gt;&gt; when you're preparing you get a little bit easier spread. Whereas if you have a really hard like 2K clear coat you know you end up with this like okay now now I've really like scuffed off the clear and I got to go feather it in. It's like an added bonus of being a little bit more sustainable but it works. Yeah, very good. &gt;&gt; I think we we also spend time on developing the clear the refinish um recipe &gt;&gt; do a lot about that, &gt;&gt; you know, right up front. So, we're designing the paint for the factory but also the refinish so that &gt;&gt; you get basically what you're you're hinting at that if you end up having to refinish and any, you know, the recipe is the same. It's a it's a different technique, but the recipe ends up being the same. So, it's really easy to blend. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because, you know, I use I use my Tesla all the time. Run to the airport, whatever, and I come back. Well, when somebody's &gt;&gt; door, &gt;&gt; it you can't tell. It's pretty amazing. It's very &gt;&gt; Well, I'm glad you noticed. Yeah, &gt;&gt; those paint engineers do a lot of work. &gt;&gt; Well, no, I mean, it really is. It really makes it a joy. You're not just, you know, all these custom paints with this much metallic and you just go nuts. &gt;&gt; Hard to see in here, but this this has a metallic in it. uh and in the direct sunlight it really comes out and pops and you get a really bright highlight on &gt;&gt; well it does pop but yeah it's it's impressive. Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So back on the lift balance so we were talking about how we were able to you know increase the the balance from front to rear which actually means that the springs in the rear can get softer and so what we were able to do like on the base car as well is we're able to completely redesign the rear suspension. Uh, we changed the bushings, we changed the springs, we changed the dampers in order to take advantage of that aerodynamic benefit and make the car even more compliant and fun to drive like and comfortable at all speeds while still being able to go super super fast, you know, on the track. And that's one of the things I think has been really unleashed by, you know, getting the new styling and getting it unique for Plaid. So, that's super cool. You don't see that, but it happened. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Now, this has the yolk looks a little different. Is it same same one I have? &gt;&gt; Same yolk. I just upgraded uh stitch pattern uh to deal with the the wear. &gt;&gt; And what is the yolk versus traditional steering wheel ratio? How many how many get this? &gt;&gt; Yeah, on plaid it's about 50/50. &gt;&gt; And on the tra on the the normal car it's about 7030. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. I got it on my own because I think it's like the split window in a 63 Corvette. &gt;&gt; This is cool. &gt;&gt; In the future. Oh, that's going to be the one you want. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; But also, you know, if you're using full self-driving, autonomous um &gt;&gt; mode, then you really don't need a full wheel at all. It just gets in the way. &gt;&gt; So, the yolk is great. Um it just moves out of the way. And &gt;&gt; well, I like it because I can see the entire steering wheel. I have so many cars where I'm doing this at &gt;&gt; the cluster. &gt;&gt; Like red line is behind the steering wheel now. So, yeah. &gt;&gt; Very nice. &gt;&gt; No red line here. &gt;&gt; What else is different about the front? Uh well, in the front we have the front facasia cam which we added, you know, first with the cybert truck and then the Model Y and now it's here. That really adds to the overall uh full self-driving system that Fran was talking about. Gives you a little bit more uh view in the front because there's kind of a blind spot here that that you know these uh dual cams at the at the windshield can't see. It also helps when you're manually parking. If you want to pull up just to the edge, you turn on the front facial cam, you see it right there. You know when you're going to hit the curb or not hit the curb, right? &gt;&gt; So, that's a cool addition. Um and then you know as well we have uh a brand new thermal system under here which is inside there. Um it's called our Superman of old version two. Um one of the things that we try to do with our vehicles is always increase the real world range relative to the sticker range. So while the sticker range on this car is up about 8 miles, same on the longrange car which is now 410 mi. We've also closed the gap on our real world range from let's say 10% you know off of what the sticker says to maybe six or 7% and we did that primarily um not not only through efficiency gains in the arrow but primarily through the thermal system and what that uh super manifold V2 does is it has a improved thermal conductivity of the manifold which is now cast aluminum and used to be forged aluminum and that allows us to have a more efficient cooling and heating of the entire powertrain and therefore improving our overall real world range which is super cool for customers cuz like we've always strived to make sure our cars get the most range possible but really we want real world range to be as good as possible and that's you know in addition to the sticker. &gt;&gt; How far away are we from 100% charging all the time? Like I my I go to 80 on mine and battery lasts 12 years. I haven't had any problem with it. But do we see the future where 100% becomes 100%? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So all of our lithium iron phosphate batteries already go to 100%. They have great lifetime energy. Um when we started with the nickel batteries which original Model S, we were you know targeting like and we had warranties out there to save like 10 15% after 8 years and we've really made improvements over time to bring that up. Um we have some new battery cell technology that's coming out shortly where we've closed the gap to lithium iron phosphate by like half and that means you know where you're charging to 80 maybe now we're charging 90 on the nickel batteries which is super great. Should I continue to keep mine at 80 &gt;&gt; for your battery? Yes. I mean, that's the battery cell you have and that's what we would recommend. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. Okay. Very good. Okay. Yeah, it's no problem. It's It works fine. &gt;&gt; It's there when you need it, right? So, &gt;&gt; yeah. Yeah. Yeah. France, let's go back to styling. What else? Anything in the midsection here different? &gt;&gt; Basically, the car is um the same same car since we actually started producing the car in the midsection. the front and the rear is where we really made the changes over the years. And as we go to the back, you'll see there's a new spoiler, new rear diffuser and the plaid badge, but the rear diffuser, you know, combined with the with the spoiler and the front splitter is what Lars was talking about to get that lift balance and optimum performance. And again, it's, you know, a balance between efficiency and high-speed performance. And we're we're kind of dialing that in on this car. &gt;&gt; Like I've got that Mustang GTD with that uh active arrow stuff. &gt;&gt; Is that really effective on a road car at all? &gt;&gt; Active arrow is like super powerful for race cars, right? Like they outlawed it in F1 and it's super powerful for like supercars when you get up to that high speed. But when you think about the breaking point between like efficiency and and like lift balance, you know, it's occurs somewhere maybe depending on the vehicle, anywhere between like 60 and 100 miles an hour. And so like you're really not making too much compromise for daily driving. But if you're going to drive the car like a bat out of hell, you know, it's probably worth having some. &gt;&gt; Okay. And the plaid emblem is standard now in all plaid. Like when I got mine is one of the early ones and you got the first 25, you got the plaid bad now. Now everybody has &gt;&gt; everybody has one. Oh boy. So much for egalitarianism. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; But we've taken that a step further. When you get into the interior, you'll see the we expanded the plaid badge and put it in the seats. So &gt;&gt; Oh, it's in the seats as well. &gt;&gt; You have a little Easter egg in the seat back. These are all new seats. There are um sport seats for for plaid, bigger bolsters. Um just more comfortable. &gt;&gt; Oh, I see. Right here. Yeah. Yeah. Very nice. Right. And it's a good balance between, you know, everyday driving and comfort and, you know, real performance driving with bigger bolsters um that don't necessarily get in the way, but they're there when you need them. &gt;&gt; One of the cool things about the seats is is this is our new modular architecture where the bolsters are actually trimmed separately from the the seat cushion itself. It sounds like, why would I want that? But actually, what allows you to do is really have two kind of cushion positions. So if you lower the cushion and you want to get into track driving, you really hunker down. &gt;&gt; The bolsters stay where they are and they kind of squeeze you a little more. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. &gt;&gt; And when you lift it up, you get a little bit outside the cushions. You get a little bit more comfortable. It's like a transformative seat just in one. &gt;&gt; And it looks tighter because you get better better lines. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; What also is new in here is um ambient lighting. So we brought ambient lighting now to Model S. So you'll you'll notice um in the evening, you can see it here this white light across the IP in the doors. It's, you know, infinite colors. You can tune it to whatever color you prefer while you're driving around. Even some Easter eggs that um they kind of move and react when you're playing music if you so desire. &gt;&gt; Did you ever entertain the idea of doing a twodoor coupe? &gt;&gt; Oh man. &gt;&gt; Did that ever come into the &gt;&gt; two-door coupe or the Roadster? Maybe. &gt;&gt; Well, the Roadster, I guess. &gt;&gt; The Roadster is a Okay. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; But the lights are super cool. Um, you know, they're dynamic in this car. As Fran was saying, they play with music. They have entry sequences, but like all their other lights are sort of static. These ones, you know, can change and fade in and out and move all around and do all kinds of things. There's also a big challenge from France to us was like you didn't want to see the light. &gt;&gt; So when the lights are off or the door is closed, you have just a bright trim there. It looks, you know, like the silver color. &gt;&gt; It's called a dead front. So you just don't when the lights are off, you don't see anything. There's no gap. There's no anything. Well, you know, it's funny when you talk to younger buyers, four-door, twodoor doesn't make like to my generation, the twodoor was always the cool one, the fast one, &gt;&gt; whatever. Like I see I I meet so many young guys, they buy four-door chargers with the, you know, with the big motor and all &gt;&gt; and Oh, yeah. I can get people in the back as a bonus. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It just seems like a bon there's no downside. &gt;&gt; Well, I mean, it used to be a downside, right? Like, but now like you can with the way that powertrains are developed, especially in the EV space, you can get everything and it's super cool. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, look, this car still has a lift gate. You can fold the rear seats down. It can be, you know, you can put a ton of stuff in this car if it's just two people or if you, you know, you need to go to Home Depot or whatever, IKEA, grab your stuff or or put five adults in here. &gt;&gt; Speaking of the back seat, uh, a couple of new cool features that you, again, you don't see. Chase again, sorry we, you know, your car is getting a little age, but we increased the rear screen size from uh eight inches to 9.2 inches. So, there's a lot more space back here for the the rear seat occupants, right? &gt;&gt; But also, we added a feature um and this is like for all the families out there, especially like us, Fran and I have young kids where people in the rear seat can watch a movie or listen to whatever they want on Bluetooth headphones and you in the front seat can have your own entertainment going on on the radio. &gt;&gt; So, when you're going through the Grand Canyon, you don't have to look at those mountains and that's right. in the in the room with your headphones on. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can watch a Looney Tune. &gt;&gt; Tuned into the TV. &gt;&gt; Great. Okay. &gt;&gt; You know, I've never sat in the back seat. &gt;&gt; You want to sit in the back seat? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Let's play with it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, the back seat's like really designed to be like a two plus two kind of configuration. &gt;&gt; So, you notice you have bolsters, too, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And that's cuz &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, we wanted everyone to have kind of their own seat. And um one of the cool things here is you can actually move the front seat forward so you can get more leg room. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; And then the center console &gt;&gt; you have like almost a front center console. You have two uh iPhone chargers here or phone chargers and your own cup holder. So when you put that down like the second row seat experience in the Model S has gotten like a lot a lot better in it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Very nice. very good for, you know, four people and even a fifth when you need it. &gt;&gt; And wheelbase is the same. Obviously, &gt;&gt; wheelbase is the same. Uh track is the same. Um we didn't change the the those dimensions, but like just a better improved uh second row experience overall. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I've never been in the backseat of my car. Like I'm always driving. &gt;&gt; I mean, that's good. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Very cool. &gt;&gt; And now you have full control here, &gt;&gt; right? You get, like I said, the front seat control, your own audio control, video, and then, of course, all the games you want to play. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. Right. &gt;&gt; You can hook up uh controllers to so you can play &gt;&gt; full video games. So, you can be in your own little cocoon in the back seat. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. &gt;&gt; Oh, very nice. &gt;&gt; That's why I bought one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Family kids. &gt;&gt; My kids are nine and 11, so this is perfect for them. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Well, should we check out the front? &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's do it. &gt;&gt; I guess I'll stay back. You're right. &gt;&gt; You know, visually this car looks tighter. &gt;&gt; I mean, the panel gaps. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we've gotten better at it over the years. &gt;&gt; Very good. &gt;&gt; Let's go for a ride. Yeah. I think you're starting to want one. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm very happy with mine actually. It's quite good. &gt;&gt; You know, we used to have the dynamic settings. You could choose your acceleration, you know, you could choose your steering effort, you could choose the suspension height and we've gone to this more like drive mode face thing where you pick comfort, standard plat, and then we change everything all at once. So the acceleration, the steering efforts, the ride and handling, even the uh air suspension going up and down is all balanced now. The car is now adapting to you. So we do things like when you're in autopilot, it goes to comfort, right? So cuz we know you're not trying to drive like a bat out of hell or a banshee, so we just leave it in comfort. But if you want to drive that way, you switch it to plaid. &gt;&gt; And uh we move that to the the scroll wheel so you can customize the scroll wheel if you want to just flip it all the time. Cuz a guy like me who likes to drive, a guy like you, you know, when I get on the highway, I put it in full self-driving, you know, stop and go traffic, I don't want to deal with it. But if I hit that last mountain road that's about a mile long right before my house, &gt;&gt; I switch it back into to plaid and then I enjoy the drive all the way up. So, we did also put a lot of sound deadening in this car. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's surprisingly quiet. You can tell right away. &gt;&gt; I mean, just sitting in it, you can tell. One of the things um I always challenge my engineers to do is like every next Tesla we release, whether it's a Model S or Model 3 or Model Y or Cybertruck, it should be the quietest one we ever built, &gt;&gt; And the the SNX, you know, that we just updated are now the quietest Teslas we've ever built by by a margin. They have the best uh road noise, they have the best impact noise, and they have the best acoustic transparency. &gt;&gt; What's the highest highest mileage Model S you've seen? &gt;&gt; High. So, we actually have I mean you mean total miles like there's a few people that have gone over 500,000 miles. &gt;&gt; Like from 2012 &gt;&gt; and with the original battery and &gt;&gt; well some I don't know if all of them have some of them early ones had some batteries replaced but um you know the guys uh that do that like you either have really long commutes or there's this taxi service that goes from LA to &gt;&gt; to Vegas that has had a um quite a bit of &gt;&gt; of miles as well. Now, tell me about uh all all of a sudden the administration got very anti-electric car in California. They've done away with the carpool thing. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Uh you you can't use the carpool lane if you have electric car anymore. &gt;&gt; Uh does that hurt you a lot? &gt;&gt; I mean, this, you know, it's all happening in September. I think we've always focused on making great cars at affordable prices. Um and you know, so like sure, the $7,500 that's going away is going to hurt us in North America. &gt;&gt; That's only like a third of our business. you know, Tesla's international. We got cars everywhere. &gt;&gt; But a cool little uh tidbit in that that I don't think a lot of people know about is um with that same bill, they passed an Americanmade uh car interest reduction. So, you can take just like your home loan, take the interest off the top and you get that money back. It's up to $10,000 on the loan. So, you know, we are the most Americanmade cars in the in the in the you know, US. &gt;&gt; How about how about if you bought a car for cash? Would you get it then? No, you don't. &gt;&gt; Well, no. This is just for loans, right? It's interest deduction. &gt;&gt; So, you know, like it's not going to offset it completely, but it is nice that um you know, being Americanmade is helping us out there. &gt;&gt; You know, one of my favorite little Easter eggs that we have in all our cars is Joe mode. You know that one, France? &gt;&gt; Yep. What is that? &gt;&gt; So, that's uh you know, I just noticed it when the turn signal was on. It was a little louder than my car. &gt;&gt; Joe Gibbio is on our board and he asked us or Elon one time, he's like, you know, I think these are really loud. So, we made a button called Joe mode, and it turns down all the all the, you know, little noises that the car makes from the indicators and stalks and everything else. But, you know, of course, we called it Joe mode. &gt;&gt; I wonder why most cars don't allow you use the rear view camera when you're moving. I I think it's a great asset. I mean, I honestly think it's probably because they don't have an integrated uh MCU media control unit, you know? So, like they're relying on a third party to give them the camera and then they have to go access that software. Whereas for us, it's all just one thing. And, you know, now with the Model S and we have the three cams, um, you can see this view where you have the rear and the sides or you can flip it to the front. I don't know why you would want to do that while driving, but you can see the front camera. &gt;&gt; Uh, but it's kind of fun. So that's the front camera, rear camera. &gt;&gt; It's a bigger view than you can see from the mirrors, you know, &gt;&gt; It's a 180 degree field of view camera. So &gt;&gt; yeah, some people complain about, you know, their focal length changing from looking down the road to having to look at a screen and back. You don't get that on a mirror, but &gt;&gt; right, &gt;&gt; otherwise it does give you a better field of view. And the blind spots, too, are great. doesn't feel like you're in a supercar. &gt;&gt; What are some other things that are different about this car than &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, we were just talking about the seat, but like I think um you know, that's one of the things that like is an advantage of of being at Tesla um and designing our own seats. you know, we can do things and explore things like changing the bolsters and separating the, you know, the the seat pad like we were talking about earlier that like other car companies just have to have a long life cycle to do. They would never do that, you know, in a midcycle update like this, &gt;&gt; And because we have our own seat factory and stuff like that, we can do it all, which is super awesome. Um, you know, same thing with like the ambient lights that we put in there, you know, those that's like a a plugandplay thing for us where it's like, okay, let's just add this feature. Okay. &gt;&gt; Sorry, I lost my head there. &gt;&gt; Need warning so you can put your head back. &gt;&gt; Feels about the same as mine. Not much difference, is there? &gt;&gt; I mean, car lighter. &gt;&gt; The car is a little lighter with the ceramic carbon ceramics and the wheels. You know, we're talking about 30 40 lb. Um, &gt;&gt; but yeah, I think uh you know, maybe it's not quite noticeable, but the performance is just a little bit more. So, this is where I really feel that suspension update, especially in the rear seat. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because, you know, we just went over that bridge and there's like Yeah. the up and down from the the bridge. In the old Model S Plaid, we would be kicking up and down in the back. I would be and I would be, you know, bouncing. But because we were able to soften that rear end up, I got a really smooth ride. And I think, you know, you said you've never been in the backseat of a Model S, but for those of us with families that have one, it really makes it a lot better. &gt;&gt; How often do people use the uh self-driving? &gt;&gt; You know, it's increasing a lot. Like the take rate, you know, has gone up from, you know, singledigit percentages on all our cars to we're in the teens now. &gt;&gt; Um on SNX, it's over over 50 60%. And we have a lot of people that use it in these cars like on every drive, you know, you can get addicted to it really quick. You get in, you put your destination in, one click, and you go. You don't even have to like start the car or do anything &gt;&gt; right from park. &gt;&gt; I think there's just a lot of people that don't like really realize how good it is. They maybe heard about it from somebody else that's tried it, you know, 5 years ago, right? &gt;&gt; It's all, oh, it's only okay. But now it's so much better. um and improving kind of on a weekly basis um that it's you know it I think once you try it you realize how good it is and how convenient it is and &gt;&gt; it's actually way safer um than you're self-driving and I've heard so many people tell me that they're kind of converted after they try and they realize that it's just driving safer than they ever would especially with all the distractions that we have in our in our lives. Yeah. I mean, by our data, we know it's, you know, an order of magnitude less incidents or accidents. Um, which is great. Y &gt;&gt; and so that's always like the number one reason we push it. It's for safety. &gt;&gt; Um, you know, and I think, you know, now with our robo taxi service that we just launched in in in Austin a couple months ago &gt;&gt; and the Bay Area &gt;&gt; in the Bay Area now, u autonomous ride handling, sorry. You know, it's just showing that how much farther it's coming. It's going to be an exponential change in that, I think. But the cool thing is if you have a Tesla, you have it in your car now. You can do it and use it. And you know, I think it takes a lot of mental strain off the daily commute. &gt;&gt; What tires on these cup two tires or &gt;&gt; these are not the cup twos. These are Michelin PS4s tires. Um &gt;&gt; if you get the uh full track package with the track wheels, you get you get cup twos or uh on that. And that's, you know, those are the tires we ran in the ring with. Uh it's actually a Goodyear. We changed that to a Goodyear uh Eagle F1 supercar, which is, you know, similar to the Michelin uh Pilot Sport Cup 2, but it was specially designed by Goodyear for us, which is pretty awesome. Um, and, you know, it looks badass, too. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I like the new brakes. And it's a $20,000 option, though, isn't it? &gt;&gt; With the wheels. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Do you do a special uh Michelin tire for this or is it just a standard tire? &gt;&gt; No. Every tire we make is specifically designed for Tesla. Um, &gt;&gt; so it's got to have the rolling resistance and all that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's got to have the rolling resistance, the noise, the ride. Um, and like even still like the the way that a electric vehicle loads a tire is different because the center of gravity is so low when you have those lateral movements normally like when you design a tire in IC or another car, you get vertical load that pushes down on the outside tire and then you can increase your cornering power with that vertical load. But we don't get that much weight transfer, you know, because we're so low. And so we had to redesign the sidewalls to be a little bit stiffer so that they could increase their lateral capability without the vertical load increase so much. &gt;&gt; And that's like just a whole different way of thinking about how a tire works. And um &gt;&gt; but you know, that's why we design our tires with our with our vendors, you know, with our suppliers, like to jointly to make sure that it works, you know, as best as it possibly can for the car you're driving. So you meet with Toyota, they'll drive the car, just give their assessment. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, if if we're talking to whether it's Michelin or or or Goodyear or Pirelli or Handook or, you know, Continental, all we have all the major tire suppliers. We're meeting with them regularly. They come out, they test with us. We work with the tire designers. We actually have a couple of F1 uh former F1 tire designers on our team. &gt;&gt; You know, they make the most complicated tires in the world. And so we wanted to make sure we had the best of the best engineers. And um you know the gains that those guys and girls have been able to make over the years um are pretty impressive. You know when we came out with the Model S um the original rolling resistance on that tire was probably somewhere around 10 or 11 kg per ton. Now our best tires are down around five 5 1/2 kg per ton, but they still have the same lateral grip and the same longitudinal performance. You know, this car stops in under 100 ft. You know, 60 to zero. &gt;&gt; You know, the car just looks better. It's like its posture is better. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Stance is better. &gt;&gt; Stance is it looks &gt;&gt; it's a little bit wider than &gt;&gt; all the lines. &gt;&gt; I mean, everything is &gt;&gt; much much better. In the old days, they'd have a different body every year and consequently nothing is ever right. you know where this you just keep &gt;&gt; well if you you know this car has really penned 17 years ago &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; it hasn't changed fundamentally um since then we've done little design tweaks and we've done a lot of refinement a lot of improvement we've made the dynamics better the &gt;&gt; the batter is better the motors are better the drive units better all the stuff underneath the skin is better but the the all the aluminum panels haven't changed since we started production um except when we went to a wider stance on this version of the car for the rear the rear wheels. We just wanted more grip in the rear. So, we ended up pushing the &gt;&gt; Do you have in your head what the next design language will be? &gt;&gt; We've been, you know, working on a lot of the future design language in the studio and it will be emerging soon. &gt;&gt; Um I'm super excited about it. Yeah, &gt;&gt; but this is, you know, there's something about the longevity of this car that's kind of &gt;&gt; it's iconic really. &gt;&gt; Yeah. In a way, it's and through the refinements, it's just gotten better. And this is a lot of people say, "Oh, the first version is always the best version or whatever." But this car for me is the this version is the best version of this car. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. The latest one. I remember friends from we were talking with Jay at the Peterson some months ago and uh we were talking about like when we first met and I was back then I was like suspension wheel tire design &gt;&gt; and one of the things I said when I first looked at the clay I remember standing next to Fran and I was like needs bigger tires you know &gt;&gt; and that's I think one of the moments you and I like maybe we started bonded &gt;&gt; we bonded in that moment and you know we eventually got there with the 2021 update but now I I think we've gotten even a little better with, you know, like tightening up the gaps and pulling the air over tire down and the track tires, you know, like they look even cooler. &gt;&gt; Oh, Jesus thing is fast. Can feel the fluid in my eyeballs. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Never gets old. Yeah, right. It's so sublime to drive every day. But then instant instantly allaround car, you know, like &gt;&gt; it's quiet and smooth and it's comfortable. And then, oh by the way, it's got,20 horsepower just waiting for you to use it and all the way up to top speed, you know? &gt;&gt; Yeah. That torque curve goes right to top speed, right? power curve. Torque curve still drops out a little bit because, you know, that's a function of of uh RPM and and power, but power stays flat all the way to top speed, &gt;&gt; which is incredible. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's great. Just boom, you're right there. &gt;&gt; You know, one of one of the things I just noticed that popped up, the suspension actually senses the roughness of the road and it'll it'll raise the vehicle when the roads are rougher. &gt;&gt; So, it's just popped up and I thought it was cool. &gt;&gt; My seat belt light. Where's that seat belt line on? &gt;&gt; Oh, it's my hand. &gt;&gt; Sorry, I'm pushing I'm pushing down on the seat cuz you're driving so fast. &gt;&gt; Oh, I see. &gt;&gt; I love the sentry mode when they catch people keying the car, &gt;&gt; And people have no idea that that's &gt;&gt; You think they have figured that out by now? Enough people have been caught. &gt;&gt; You know, from your app, you can get warnings that people are, you know, do nefarious behavior, &gt;&gt; And now we added the megaphone from the app. So you can go on your phone and be like, "Get the hell away from my car." &gt;&gt; Or I like how you integrated the, you know, with Sylvio's team that ordering the food from the diner, &gt;&gt; I mean, I, you know, I've worked a Tesla 16 years now. I I've owned many Teslas, own Model 3, Model Y, Cybert trucks, but when this car came out, it is the first time I bought a Model S because I think it's just the best Tesla we've ever made. Just hands down. I &gt;&gt; agree. Well, I'm very happy with mine. It's never really been to the dealer for anything really. Yeah. I mean, I I find it to be unbelievable. I I never had any problem at all. &gt;&gt; Consumer Reports came out with that one, too. I'm full of stats, guys. &gt;&gt; Teslas are the lowest cost to maintain over four years, even lower than Toyota and anything else. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, no trips to the gas station, no trips to the service center, &gt;&gt; just ready to go every time you get in the car. with your own personal chauffeur. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Full self driving. &gt;&gt; Full self-driving is your own chauffeur. &gt;&gt; Do you think they would ever put an onboard compressor so one could add air to your tires as &gt;&gt; well? We do sell the one that goes in the trunk. We do have the compressor for the air suspension. Uh but you know, it's really slow fill because it's different different volume ratios. &gt;&gt; Um in the Cybertruck we have one that goes in the bed. &gt;&gt; Right. and it fits in and it plugs in and it it's kind of integrated that way. &gt;&gt; now if you were redesigning the Cybert truck today from brand new, would you make it smaller? Does it seem big? &gt;&gt; Cybertruck does not seem big and the I mean it's actually slightly smaller than an F-150. &gt;&gt; People always think it has this presence, but it feels like you park it next to an F-150. &gt;&gt; It's it's one inch shorter. Um, so it can fit anywhere that you can fit, you know, &gt;&gt; a little narrower too and &gt;&gt; exactly &gt;&gt; and a little less taller. So &gt;&gt; not as high. Um, so it on its own without context maybe it seems big, but in reality it's actually &gt;&gt; I think it's the right size. &gt;&gt; Well guys, thanks for coming by. You know, I always love it when they come by because you get it right from the horse's mouth. It's the guy who designed it and the engineer who built it. So there you go. See, there's no marketing guy in the middle. That's right, Jay. With you don't have any We always get it straight from the horse's mouth. And it it it's it's it's really fun and exciting. Uh I love my Model S. This is And you bought one cuz you think it's the best version of a Model S ever built. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Well, I I got to agree. It's incredibly fast. These new brakes, if there was any problem with it, it was never a problem, but uh is the fact that these brakes are so far superior. I can actually match the car's 200 mph top speed. So, well, good work. Good good work, gentlemen. Thanks. It's always a pleasure when you come by and I hope one day soon &gt;&gt; to see the new Roadster. That's so I'm very excited about that. &gt;&gt; Coming coming soon. &gt;&gt; We I promise you, Jay, we will bring it here first. &gt;&gt; I was a young man when I first uh &gt;&gt; thought about getting &gt;&gt; So are we. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, very good. Well, cool. &gt;&gt; It's like a fine wine and aging. Aging well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, congratulations, guys. Nice work. And uh &gt;&gt; always a pleasure. Thanks for having us. &gt;&gt; And we'll see you guys next time. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; More Tesla updates to come. &gt;&gt; That's right.
