---
ticker: PLAID
type: youtube
title: "Inside the Strategy to Build a $50B Fintech Platform (Plaid Exclusive)"
channel: "Rex Salisbury"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1PKovtyUV8
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 47784
---

# Inside the Strategy to Build a $50B Fintech Platform (Plaid Exclusive)

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Rex Salisbury
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1PKovtyUV8

## 转录全文

So, what Jason is saying, if you're a multi-billion dollar company that needs to do a secondary share, just shoot him an email. Plaid is one of the most iconic fintech companies, but I don't think most people appreciate how much work they've done to reinvent themselves in the last few years. We're really focused right now. So, today I'm going to interview Plaid's chief strategy officer and longtime friend, Jason Pate. Plaid recently announced some big news. So, first, a new raise. We so we announced last week we raised about a $575 million sale of common uh at a $6.1 billion valuation. A bit more than the $5 billion that Visa almost paid to acquire the company in 2020 before the acquisition fell through. And then two, they also published their first ever annual letter. Jason and I are going to dive into both. I think that's the main thing you're going to continue to see from him over the next year or two. I really like having conversations like these because as the founder of an early stage venture firm focused on backing the next generation of great founders within fintech, when we talk to companies like Plaid and they tell us how much more work they have to do with in fintech and financial services, but we're just scratching the surface on each of those, it hints at just how much more work there is for anyone, even early stage founders, to be doing. So, this is going to be a really great conversation to understand not just Plaid, but the entire fintech ecosystem. Specifically, Jason and I are going to dive into what the company has done to reinvent itself from a single product to a multi-product company in the last few years. The two big accelerators of growth we've been seeing for the business have been also the strategic reasoning behind why they did this raise and then we're going to also dive into some of the most interesting stats from the annual letters. But for the 25 letter, 26th letter, I think you should expect a lot of there's going to be a great conversation. So, I'm looking forward to diving in. I'm going to zoom out a little bit. Building a $5 billion company is awesome. Great to Plaid, great to lot of other folks out there. But fintech is still young in the sense that we haven't built anyone that's Visa, Mastercard, or JP Morgan scale. And to do that, your core product, you start to hit saturation. You can't double it two years. Like that's that's too much. So, you have to do these new product bets. And everyone's having to figure out what these new product bets are. Stripe has their bet on, you know, billing and on stable coins. Gusto has their bet on embedded payroll. and Plaid has these bats of products on top of their network. We're definitely in this uh we went through I feel like 5 to 10 years ago a digital revolution in financial services where people needed to digitize their financial life. Again, we're still really early there. But now we're seeing this data revolution taking place and it's no longer enough to just be digital. You can have a a bank without a physical branch. It's hard to imagine without, you know, a digital presence. But the next frontier that everyone's pushing and fighting over is how do you really get to know the consumer, right? How can you serve a consumer exactly the way you want to be served in a really meaningful and substantial way? And to do that, you have to really have a really strong understanding of your consumer. You have to have a digital relationship, but you have to have the data and the data lake around that. And so, a lot of our products are built around helping consumers better share information in a safe and effective way and get access to those products. So, we talked about credit. Roughly half of Americans are left out of the credit ecosystem today. our products are helping make that digital experience faster and easier. You go into a an auto lender today and you want to go get a car. It's kind of a painful process. You know, not sure if you if we're looking for a car now. Uh we have two little ones and we've been trying to figure out what car fits the family a little better. And while it's hard to kind of pick the right car, it's also a bit of a nightmare to go in and figure out how to go get a loan against these cars today because it's a stack of paperwork and it's kind of a complex process. Imagine instead a world where with a OTP to your phone or a face ID, you could fill out your application and for the 50% or so of Americans who are thin filed or who don't have a massive credit file history, let them get access to the kinds of cars and products they need to be able to keep building their financial lives. And so for credit, that's been I think a really interesting use case for us is lenders who want to scale, you know, their investment in faster and automated applications, but also cash flow underwriting in fraud. You've probably seen every statistic I have. Like fraud's become a top concern. I think if you talk to a lot of banks a couple years ago, regulation was a big, you know, number one. I think today if you talk to a lot of them, you know, fraud is the number one concern they're facing. Whether you're a bank, whether you're a Fortune 500, whether you're an auto giant, fraud is really top of mind right now for companies because fraud is expensive. It's a glaring problem and there's a, you know, billions of dollars being lost each year. And fraudsters are able to adopt AI tools faster than the incumbents are able to leverage used technologies to combat frauds because they're the ones subject to a lot of regulation. Exactly. It's getting it it's a you know the arms race is moving quickly and so how do you stay competitive? Like you need you need a couple things but one thing you have to do is to solve fraud you have to see fraud. Mhm. And you know, with one in two Americans connected to Plaid, we're able to leverage the data network to help make finances a little bit safer for everyone. This is something that five years ago, 10 years ago, we just wouldn't have had the the data scale to be able to do. Yeah. But part of it is, yeah, people are changing the tools they're using to create fraud. AI is becoming a huge acceleration accelerator for fraud. But it's also increasingly we're so fragmented in financial services that no one has enough visibility across the entirety of the ecosystem to be able to see what's happening in the aggregate. And so a big piece of what we're trying to focus on and when we zoom out and talk about what products are we spending time building on top of the data network, it's ones we feel that we could only do because we've been spending the last decade dozen years building out this network. Had we not done it, we never would have gotten to the scale to be able to solve some of these problems. You want to offer credit to consumers, particularly the 50% who oftentimes are left out of the, you know, the credit ecosystem. You need to have a lot of financial context on those consumers to help them share information to get the products they need. You want to stop fraud, you have to have enough visibility across the ecosystem to see the fraud that's happening so that you can identify what other parts of the model might help make fraud less likely for those consumers. This is why for our anti-fraud product suite, I think we're seeing last year's 400% year-over-year growth in some of our anti-fraud products. These are huge problems that it's very difficult to solve until you have the data network. And we're kind of at the first time in our history large enough to be able to really start offering those products. Yeah, there's a saying that the future is here. It's just not evenly distributed. You can fill out four fields and get a loan pretty much instantly online to buy a Pelaton using a firm and lots of other contacts. But to your point, you walk into a car dealership, you might fill out the same four fields 10 times, your name, your date of birth on 10 different forms in addition to everything else. And so there's just a lot more of the the world in which people live their financial lives that hasn't actually started to feel this lack of friction. But if you start to remove friction, you also need to work on combating the fraud that can come along with that. I think it'd be great to talk about the Plaid Link product and you know how you couple something like instant onboarding with robust fraud checks and how the Plaid network has made that more possible. Yeah. Like when you think about our core business, it was this data plumbing helping you connect your financial accounts. Uh, and you know, we built the technology to to do that really effectively. Like there's still some friction in that experience. To be clear, the first time you link to Venmo as a user, you still have to go through a number of steps to be able to build that connection and make that account work. U now, we try to do a really good job of lowering that friction as much as possible, but there's always some friction that exists. The really nice part about the data network as it's grown is it's done two things for us. One, it's helped us build these new products, which we're really excited about. But two, it goes back and helps reinforce the core business, which is if you've connected to Plaid before, you connected to Venmo, you two weeks later when you need to go connect to the next application to power your financial life, we can typically do that in a much faster, easier, lower friction way with something as simple as a OTP or a Face ID. That's really powerful for consumers who want faster experiences, whether it's in a car dealership or, you know, or applying for a utility uh that you need, whatever it might be. Like the ability to actually go through and make that an easy experience and recognize you and remember you makes a huge difference to the consumer experience. It allows us to provide a lot of trust and safety in that experience. But then for our customers as well, they get to benefit from the fact that consumers want faster and easier ways to connect and we can offer that to them. So what we're really finding is in our core business in particular over the last 12 years at this point you know a majority of users coming to the platform we've met before which is incredible. I still remember when I first met Zach maybe eight eight and a half years ago he talked about this vision of like one day we will have you know the scale and size of the network to be able to build these great products that solve huge problems and financial services and we'll also be able to reduce the friction a consumer needs to go through to connect to begin with and I think what's been exciting for us is both those pieces really in the last 18 months or so all started to hit at the same time largely because the data network has grown so quickly over so many years coming back to your compounding question like how do you keep compounding the business and growing it? Well, we really focused on growing our community and network because at the end of the day, growing that community, the network is how we're going to offer really high converting experiences that unlock a lot of new use cases to a lot of new customers, but it's also how we're going to unlock these new uh new products like anti- fraud and credit and payments that we're excited about. Yep. I did want to dive into the mechanics of the fund raise. You said you were getting a lot of emails and questions from other CFOs about how you did your raise, why you did it, what were the mechanics of it. Walk us through why this was not a typical fund raise that people maybe are used to hearing about and then what you learned in running the process and why if you know there are people are thinking about doing a similar transaction what they should be thinking through. Yeah, we so we announced last week we raised about a $575 million sale of common uh at a $6.1 billion valuation. The reason it wasn't your typical raise was that the use of these funds was really about converting RSUs that are going to be expiring in the coming years into shares of the company. And so oftentimes if you're raising capital, you raise money, bring it on balance sheet, you know, use it for for the core growth business. Yeah. In our situation, the business is performing really well. We didn't really need capital for operational purposes, but with RSUs expiring, we did want to help employees by being able to convert RSUs uh to common shares. And as a process of that conversion, be able to cover the tax liabilities. You've seen this with a number of companies that have been private for a long time and it's becoming much more common. Um the challenge is it's really complicated to do. Uh the mechanics are not something you ever get really good at. The analogy is like, you know, I spent a lot of time figuring out, you know, when I was proposing to my wife, like how do you buy an engagement ring and how does this work? And you get really good at this one skill that if you're lucky, you never ever need to use ever again. And I think this is a similar situation where there's this one time that we'll need to go through and and handle this RSU expiration that requires a lot of complexity on the timing, how you bring in the capital. It's typically common shares as opposed to preferred shares that investors are used to. Uh, and to be clear, what this means, too, is it's not like there's another $575 million in Plaid's bank account. It basically went to existing shareholders. So, the good news for Plaid, too, is it's not like you're taking more dilution in this. It's just people changing who owns parts of Plaid from employees to investors because employees have their RSUs, restricted stock units expiring. Exactly. So, if you have your stock expiring as an employee, this is a way that you you continue to hold stock in the company, which is great. the taxes are cleared and settled and for the first time in four and a half years we get to bring you know some premier late stage investors including Franklin Templeton and Fidelity and Black Rockck and others onto the cap table which is exciting for us as we you know think ahead at a future IPO. Yeah. And are there any particular questions the CFOs are really kind of drilling down or curious about or sticky mechanics that like people should be aware of? I think there's just a lack of familiarity with how this process works overall. And so a lot of the calls I'm getting and questions I'm getting is when do we need to worry and think about this? How should we be thinking about our equity and comp structure today to be able to make sure that we're supporting employees for the long run? It's just, you know, companies have been private much longer than they used to be. And this is a new problem that a lot of companies are facing and we're seeing more and more companies reaching out for for support. Um but again, not to lose sight for So what Jason is saying, if you're a multi-billion dollar company that needs to do a secondary share, just shoot him an email. We're actually looking my information. Exactly. Let me Okay. Yeah, if you ask me, I'm just sending you to JS. Investors are sharing a bit of our worldview on Plaid is no longer a single product company that's serving just FinTech. It's a network. It's a platform. It's a it's a team that's really ready for what's next. Yeah. Um and the raise is, you know, an exciting reflection of that. The valuation, the cap table, the people on it, they matter a lot. But more than anything, this is a moment of reflection from where we've come from, how far we've gone, and and how much further we're we're ready to still go. Yeah. Yeah. I think put kind of two stakes in the ground that are pretty interrelated. One is you're a multi-product company now, and two, the plan is to be a long-term independent company. Likely that means doing an IPO at some point, but you're focused on building Plaid into an enduring platform, not someone who's going to go and, you know, try and seek another acquisition somewhere. So with that in mind, like what are your big strategic priorities you're focused on in the next one, two, three years? Yeah, look, the two big accelerators of growth we've been seeing for the business have been segment expansion and product expansion. So we talked about the product expansion. We have these three new product lines across credit, anti- fraud, uh, and payments. They're expanding our TAM by about hundred billion dollars. We're really excited to keep investing into the business to enter those markets because the reality is while we have a fantastic product for anti- fraud and it's growing 400% year-on-year, most people don't think of Plaid as a fraud company, anti fraud company, right? They think of us as a bank linking company. And so we have some work to do particularly on building awareness. We have some fantastic enterprise logos that are using us for anti- fraud. We want to help get the word out and show not tell the value that we can create in in helping companies battle fraud. So it a really big focus area for us is doubling down investing in go to market and making sure that we are taking the products that we know are unique have strong product market fit that we can see the impact they're having with customers and just broaden awareness to get them out in the ecosystem. Yeah, that's a that's a big one for us. One thing I'd love to hear about you too do too be a multi-product company you don't just have to build the product you have to do three things build the product build the product marketing and then build the go to market and oftent times at your scale that means building an enterprise go to market whereas plaid in its early days was more you know bottoms up SAS selling to developers although for many years you've had a lot of enterprise customers so maybe just walk me through how like you as chief strategy officer thought about like how do I help reorient the entire entire organization across these functions to build like do you is each new product like a cross functional team or or not like how do you even think about structuring the team to do this and then I want to have a whole another question on like how do you move into enterprise because that alone is especially in financial services are so complicated but let's just start start there how do you build the org around this new multi-product or uh orientation yeah I mean it starts with having really strong leaders like we have a great you know COO and Eric Sager we a phenomenal president in Jen. So having the right people who are collaborating from the beginning, you can't do this in a silo. There's no one person at the company who's going to be able to help us move into multi-product individually. A few of the things that we've done structurally that I think have made a big difference is our go to market or is still segment focused meaning we have these new product areas but if you are on our sales team you really think about who am I here to support and serve. Maybe it's billpayers. Billpayers are, you know, are the group that I really want to be here to help and serve and support. I know who they are. I'm going to the events and places where they are. I can talk to them about the main pain points and challenges that they are facing. We may have products in anti-fraud, in credit, in payments, in bank connectivity. We have a broad set of product suites, but our job with the within the go to market org is to make sure that we are meeting customers with where where they are and serving them the products they need when they need them. And so a big piece of the organizational structure has been not having a new product sales team and a core product sales team. That's not the way our customers think. In fact, for our new products, we oftentimes have a lot of companies come in saying, "I heard about your anti- fraud products. I'd love to talk to you about it." Now, the first product they may actually adopt at Plaid might be payments product or a bank linking product or a credit product because that's the most acute pain point they have to start. And we're really focused on install the most acute initial pain point because we know in each of these accounts there's a lot of use cases and a lot of pain points to be solved. So that's I think one big piece on the structural side is our product teams are deeply focused on the product areas and problems they are looking to solve. Our go to market team is really focused on the segments that we are serving. Now that always has some like nice spillover benefits which is you get those teams into a room and a lot of prioritization. Where do we deploy our resources? like how much are we going to put into helping support certain problems and pain points or certain segments and others. You get these teams together and they work really really collaboratively to understand well if I could just have this additional product or feature and anti- fraud these customers would be thrilled and I could help solve a lot of their problems and so we're seeing a lot of collaboration within the team because of this structure working through what does the product roadmap need to be is being much more informed by our customer feedback than ever before because of this organizational structure. So that's that's made a big difference. It's hard to do. It takes a lot of time and we're still figuring it out. But that's I think been a big piece of what's helped our customers voice be heard even more loudly inside the four walls of the business. Yeah. And so for example, one salesperson will be selling all of Plaid's products to their core segment. It's not like you have individual sales teams running after it. Exactly. I'm sure uh I think I also hear you volunteering for anyone who wants to become a multi-product company and how to rebuild their org that uh you can share your email now if you would it it takes it takes a long time. I mean, the biggest part is there are some moments while we were investing to replplatform the business that you didn't know how it was going to go entirely, right? Like there's some there's some honest moments in that when you're saying we're investing, I believe in where this is headed, but it was the middle of fintech winter and you're not sure how it's going to go. Um, it's like the biggest thing and biggest piece of advice like have high conviction and have high faith and invest behind it and hold hold your conviction until you get real results until you shouldn't. And so I think, you know, that's been a big piece. Zach's been a phenomenal leader on that front. Like had very high conviction where this was going to head. Um, and we invested through a really hard time in the ecosystem to get to the, you know, get to the other side. We're thrilled we did. To have three product categories, not just three products that are driving, you know, nearly triple digit growth each of them. And they're now more than 20% of ARR is is a is a testament to a lot of people working really hard for a long time. I I kind of mentioned when we announced the raise like we all hoped that we'd get to that point, but you know to be able to write that down and share that was uh was not something I thought I'd be able to do for for a long period of time and it's exciting to see. One place I want to dive into that's a little bit about Plaid and maybe even more so about the ecosystem is where are we right now with real-time payments? Because Plaid now does payments on top of your platform. We've got Fed now and RTP. Fed now I think it was 20 billion in volume in Q4 2024. So getting close to 100 billion in annualized payment volumes over this new real-time payment rail which sounds big but is actually still quite small and quite early. So where are we generally with real-time payments? Where are you seeing it be used? And what is Plaid's role in helping facilitate that adoption? Yeah, we're seeing we're seeing a lot of interest in from companies on having better options in payments like particularly among bill payers and telecom companies and utility companies where a significant portion of the payments are still pay as you go pay by check pay in person. These large scale companies are really searching for ways to make payments more digital and and not just more digital but more intelligent. Like you might get paid on the 14th of the month and I might get paid on the 16th of the month. Why are we both being build on the 15th of the month? It's not really working well for anyone. Like for merchants, the cost of payments is higher. Uh payments acceptance and payments operations are a lot worse. And for consumers like you and me, you know, best case, it's frustrating. And worst case, it's actually a barrier to getting access to the things that we want. Um, and so when I when I take a step like look at real-time payments and the role it's playing, it is helping speed up payments, speed up payment acceptance, uh, I think we're seeing it take hold initially at like large ticket values and large ticket dollar amounts. Yeah. And let's start even super high level. So yeah, like what size transactions, but also consumer payments versus B2B like are you doing mo more of one versus the other? Yeah, we support both. Um obviously our ecosystem is large on the SMB side but largest on the consumer side. Uh we really help with if you think of like the different pieces of a payment flow. You'll have you know authorization, authentication, ultimate settlement. We have products across all three. Uh but really I'd say the areas that we feel you know most differentiated is really on the authorization, authentication and the kind of fraud scoring around that payment. Uh we're happy for customers to bring their payment solution if they'd like to. Uh we're also happy to provide the payment solution if they need one. Uh yep. And for years you've had a authorization as a product where you're not moving the money. You're just showing the account exists. It's the same holder. They have the funds. You you use your a solution however you want. We'll just help you make sure that it happens. Exactly. And so when you go through like what becomes more and less important in a real-time payments world like you're talking about? Yeah. Well, making sure you're authorizing the right user even more important than it was before because real-time payments also means real-time fraud, right? The minute that payment is sent, it's gone. And so, you have to get right the authorization of that user. You know, writing someone's account writing number on a sheet of paper, not a terribly secure number. I think my my landlord or land lady has it from like 20 years ago check that I wrote a long time ago. It's not the most secure form payment. Um but what it is is this real-time authentication authorization that that Plaid can help businesses do. Yeah. So that's one is that's become far more important. The fraud insights and analytics around the payment also more important than ever because again when the money is sent the money's often times gone. And so you need to have a pretty good sense of the likelihood that transaction is going to be successful at all levels. Not just is the transaction going to be fraudulent, but is the account fraudulent? Is the user fraudulent? And what we really focus on building products across those three to help make sure we're helping our customers understand is the user fraudulent, is that account fraudulent, or is the transaction fraudulent? Because for any of those reasons, the payment may fail and they may be they might get caught holding the bag on it. And so we're trying to help these payments become faster and safer by offering products across all three. Yeah. Another question that's a little bit about the industry uh or maybe more about the industry and a little bit about Plaid. I think early stage fintech investors are a little down on consumer fintech like nothing new is being built from your vantage point. You have lots of people connecting to use plat. Are there interesting areas of innovation going on in consumer that you're excited about and seeing and they don't have to be super early stage but you know kind of they could be companies starting to reach scale or just in certain areas of activity because so much of what you do is consumer. Yeah. Look, there's I mean, particularly with one, every company is becoming a fintech. So, there's a lot of consumer companies that you and I might not put in the finance folder of our phone that at the end of the day, like I stare at and look at like they start to look a lot like a financial services or digital finance company. Um, we're seeing a lot of companies in that category. Um, so when you think about utility, bill payers, like all these companies are direct to consumer. Yeah. You don't think of them as fintexs. They're adopting financial services at a really accelerating rate. I think there's a I can tell you when you try to pay your utility provider, you really don't think of them as a fintech. It's often quite painful. My son's great-g grandandmother maim uh she's like one of the most lovely amazing people I know. But, you know, 85 years old, uh, and what's been amazing to me is when I joined Plaid 7, eight years ago, I probably wouldn't have mentally categorized her as someone who would be a Plaid user. And for a long time, she's like, "What is Plaid? What do you do? I don't understand." So proud of you, Jason. I exactly, but what do you do? But but o over the last few years, particularly in the last four months, actually, I got a phone call from Maim because she was paying a utility bill and for the first time, uh, she had seen Plaid pop up as a way to connect her account. really easily. She did that and she's like, I'm now a Plaid user. And so, while it's nice that like what 88% of consumers or so have digitized some account in financial services like one, there's still a way to go like Mims and others of the world are like adding on these new financial accounts all the time, which is great, but there's also so many accounts that we haven't yet reached. Like we talk about utility, bill pay, prop tech, auto tech, like there's so many categories where digitization is just not there today. it's still a stack of papers or it's a manual form. It's not the experience that you and I are used to when we download an app and are able to start moving money within, you know, minutes. And so there is a lot happening in consumer when you broaden the lens of consumer to consider banks that are offering new consumer offerings, but also enterprises and huge companies that you'd never put in the finance fold of your phone. I think there's a a stat we've come across where 55% of non-financial services businesses plan on embedding a financial services product over the next two years. Yeah, that's huge. That's transformational. And that's coming back to our segment expansion where we're seeing a lot of growth outside of even just our new products, but just all the companies that you think of that you wouldn't put in the finance folder your phone. They're all becoming financial services businesses and they need the tech and they need the connectivity to help support. Bill Pay is one of our fastest growing customer segments today. Uh banks, I think we added 50% more banks this year than than last year. Like we're seeing a lot of businesses outside of what we would have considered fintech adding a lot of this data visibility because without it, it's getting really hard to serve your customers the way they want to be served. Yeah. So, yeah, there's companies outside of the finance folder. Lots of interesting work. An observation I have and I'd love to hear your reaction to too is I'm probably more willing than ever now to put a new app into that folder because it's never been faster to open an account which is in part thanks to folks like Plaid. It's never been faster to fund that account again in part thanks to Plaid but also other things as well. And then three, because of RTP, if you need to move money between accounts, like I have a few different services I'm using now that are connected via RTP and it changes my willingness to use them because I know I can have funds out of them in five minutes as opposed to AC is like three, maybe five. Is there a holiday? Who knows? You know, it like completely changes that friction of adopting new technologies and then maybe the types of services people will try. Um, so I don't know if that's something you're able to see. A lot of that stuff just feels kind of early to me. Part of it, but then there's also I think on top of it like the AI question, which is like AI is creating a bunch of new you consumer use cases that touch, you know, consumer financial lives. We're seeing particularly a lot of interest around I want to help provide better guidance to my consumer on where they should move their money. Imagine a world where we could actually have self-driving money or the money move much more dynamically where again Ma's a good example like she wants to manage her financial life really well. She just doesn't have to be the one who manages it, right? She wants to make sure that her checking account has enough money when it's needed. She wants to make sure her savings account has the right amount of money. She wants to make sure her bills are paid. Yeah. She doesn't want to have to orchestrate and manage that. It's nice to have the real-time payments rails to be able to speed it up, but it still requires her to go and take a bunch of action on it. And so we're seeing a lot of interest from companies saying we want to help make part of that process easier. Like we just had AI day yesterday within Plaid and we had a lot of companies come and talk to us. We also did a a great hackathon. We're building some new products internally. But all that to say when we took a step back, we're seeing a lot of interest in agents being able to help power parts of your life. Do that. You have to have context in the consumer. Like if I don't know a lot about you, Rex, there's not going to be a good way for me able to dynamically manage your financial life. And same thing with, you know, wealth managers and broker brokerages that want to help give better advice or guidance. Like look, the last couple days, the market's been pretty volatile. Like when and how should you move your assets around? A lot of that comes down to understanding the full picture of you, not just this segmented siloed view. And so what's become really important is yes, like the individual products we offered, but it's really about can you help take all of these giant silos and financial services that have a lot of context on me and you and everyone else in our financial lives. and can you help bring it together just to empower consumers and businesses to share it in a way that lets them get what they need. Whether that's the car loan that they are waiting instead, you know, bringing a stack of papers for. Yeah. Or whether that's, you know, something simple as being able to add that next app that you were really curious about because you thought it'd help your life a little bit, but doing it in two steps instead of 20 steps. Yeah. All those are coming back together. But you need to have this global context on what's happening. And that's where we see AI and our customers are pulling us into it more is help us continue to build you know this data profile has helped this this broader data like revolution around financial services help us better serve our customers in that world and shout out to Wealthfront they have trademarked the term self-driving money so we acknowledge that but I do think there has been this question for a long time of like can we have self-driving money it's really frustrating because it the answer felt like no we just can't. We can't onboard a person fast enough. We can't send money fast enough. And we certainly can't handle all of this amorphous non-deterministic like data. But actually now we have, you know, instant payments, we have instant onboarding, we have AI and LLM that are actually able to handle unstructured data and have, you know, relatively deterministic, you know, select products for you in a way that would just be hard. And so you'd see a world where we're coming down that pipe. Where do you think are the biggest like sticking points right now or ones that are maybe we're starting to see the most progress on in terms of getting closer to a world where there really is self-driving money? Yeah, it's your point like the infrastructure is a lot of it's there. The part that's missing or we're hearing from customers that they're missing is they need a much more global perspective on the people they want to help serve financially. Like yeah, again it's self-driving maybe is a is a is is a good analogy in that like look you can self-drive on the freeway you can only you can self-drive on back roads like there's different complexities of different parts of helping automate your life some parts of our financial lives are already automated in really lightweight ways you have a direct deposit right to some light example like that is somewhat automated for you now the question is how robo adviser can rebalance your portfolio exactly exactly so there's these examples like kind of point pie pieces the question is how do you stitch it together for what maim wants right which is I want to kind of set it and forget it a little bit at least on a large portion of my financial life and I think to do that the companies that are making the most progress of our customer base are ones that are really engaging consumers and creating enough reason to help share and and share your broader financial profile. Now we're trying to do a lot of work to make that easier make that one click. If you have 10 accounts why are we going to go make you reconnect 10 accounts? Why not allow you to connect yourself and bring your financial profile with you? That helps consumers save a lot. Onboarding's faster. You can move much faster through that setup. But you really need to have that global view or you're going to miss something important. And I think that's the biggest piece around being able to do, you know, automated money movement on behalf of a consumer in an easier way. It really relies on you have to have the most global context in the consumer. You have to have one and two consumers connected to begin with, but on top of that, you need a real depth of connectivity around that consumer. And and that's where a lot of customers are reaching out to us now and why we're seeing these new use cases. It's, you know, a good example, you think of utility companies, many of them not only need to collect a bill payment from you, but they might give you a phone that they need to underwrite. So, they need credit underwriting data associated with that payment. They might also need fraud information because a lot of people use telco and utility networks for fraud. So there's all of a sudden three or four things I need. I still want the consumer experience to just be one easy onboarding. I want to go through a face ID and OTP and have all of what I need to help serve you. I don't want you to have to go fill out five stacks of paperwork every single time. And so a lot of where we focused and came back to the question on where where we spend a lot of time. How do we continue to recognize more users? How when we recognize users, can we allow them to bring their financial profiles with them more easily, faster, safer? And on top of all of that, how can we take that data connectivity to create these products that are making consumers lives Yeah. better, like credit and fraud. Like that really is where we've been spending a ton of our time. Yeah. We've been talking about self-driving money for 10 years. It finally feels like we might be at the Yeah. We might be getting there. Yeah. I feel like you and I had a lunch maybe, I don't know, seven, eight years ago when we first met. You're one of the first people I spent time with in in financial services. Uh when I uh Sorry, not sorry. Yeah. No, I love it. Um you still owe me lunch, by the way. But uh but we we were talking about then like wouldn't it be amazing if there's this like waterfall that was built into how my life was managed so that you know maybe I get a new job, maybe I get a raise, maybe I lose my job and rather than sitting there with all the stress of that decision, could someone help solve it a little bit more for me? I mean like for me personally this is what got me into financial services to begin with. Everyone has one of those personal stories where like three out of every four years the number one stressor in consumer's lives in the US is financial stress. I think the fourth year it's politics which we haven't figured out at Plaid how to do any like that that'll be another conversation for another day. Um but it it's not just a stat. It's like Rex, I'm sure you have someone near and dear to you who has gone through a really hard time with financial stress. Like for me, it was my mom. Like post her divorce, she had never managed her own financial life before. And she had to go figure out how do you how do I make sure I'm saving? How do I make sure I'm, you know, paying the bills I need to pay? Like she hadn't managed that life. And there's so many Americans who have not managed their financial life before or don't know how to do it. And so again, it's what makes Plaid such a a fun and interesting place to spend time is yeah, the scale is incredible. Like you make a change and you impact, you know, millions of hundreds of thousands of developers that impact hundreds and millions of consumers, but it's also the fact that you're actually working on problems that have a chance to build a real emotional connection with the user. Like this is a personal problem for every one of us. We all know someone impacted by it. Yeah. And so I am optimistic that we're getting closer and closer to solving more and more of those problems. Yeah, and that's a really exciting end state and AI is a big part of that story. I also want to talk about a more prosaic use of AI. You've got companies like Shopify and founder Tobias writing a memo about how they want all their internal users to be using AI. You have companies like CLA saying we're laying off 700, you know, customer service agents and we're going to automate all of our internal ops with AI. How is Plaid thinking about trying to use these tools internally to change how you as a company do work? Yeah, it I mean Zach's been a huge advocate for this for a long time. Uh so I think he's been uh been raising awareness like and then as a business us putting time where our mouth is like we yesterday created an AI day totally dedicated to people sharing using more tools around how they operate internally. We've done a lot of the operational things that you can imagine getting more efficient on providing better response times on customer support and you know providing better tooling for our customers where they need it. We've automated a lot of our financial closing, a lot of the back office pieces that help make the business more uh successful. We've also brought into the product like how do we make natural language an easier way to interact with plaid. Uh there's a lot that we are doing across AI. I think we're still figuring it out like a lot of businesses all the different places where there's opportunity to use it. U but that was a big reason for AI day yesterday was this is this is an critically important tool that is going to have huge productivity improvements. I mean I I've used it you know multiple times a day at this point. You know when I'm researching when I'm looking at a new product area when I'm trying to get up to speed on a new topic you know when I'm when I'm drafting a response on something that's really critically important. It's all good ways to be able to interact. And I think all of us are still figuring out new and better ways to use it. I'd say I found that when when AI doesn't seem to you support the use case I have, more often than not, it's uh it's a user error. It's it's it's me not yet knowing how to best uh engage with AI to solve the problem I'm trying to solve. U but yeah, there's there's a lot that can be done here. We're taking it pretty seriously as a business. It's, you know, it's become a big part of, yeah, how we improve the P&amp;L, but also like how we're collaborating with one another at the at the business. So, and an AI day is a great idea. You, any company can do this. It can be monthly, it can be quarterly, it could be bianual. You just do a company hackathon, people work on projects, they work in teams, they show people what they've built, and maybe some of it actually gets used, but at least you instill in the culture that this is something you should be doing. Yeah, I this is I don't think it's going anywhere anytime soon. Uh and it's so valuable if you use it the right way. So, yeah. So, we just got uh Plaid's annual letter for 2024. When we see the 2025 annual letter, what's same? Anything different, new? Exciting? Oh, I can't give it all away, Rex. I got to keep We might be living in a intelligence explosion. So, it's hard to say for sure. Look, I as I mentioned, we went through a a massive repplatforming of the business four years ago. That was a big strategic shift to be able to build these products on top of our data network. We've gone from this data plumbing to, you know, data network over the last few years. I, you know, while we are still, you and I could whiteboard all the things that you would want to do with a really large data network around financial services, we're really focused right now. I think that's the main thing you're going to continue to see from Plaid over the next year or two coming into the next letter is it's great to be having these product areas at substantial growth. It's great to have 20% plus of revenue coming from new products. It's great to see segment expansion hitting the business and seeing companies like prop tech and utility companies and bill payers all using Plaid. But we're just scratching the surface on each of those. Uh and I think really what you're going to look for is in, you know, stronger results next year around each of those. the team's pretty laser focused on driving improvements against all of them. Uh so rather than next new announcement, uh I think what you'll certainly be hearing from us is continued progress and performance against those. Um now I'm excited about a lot of things that we could do. We get requests from customers all the time on other ways that we could leverage the network to build really important impactful products. We're going to keep doing that. Uh but for the 25 letter, 26 letter, uh I think you should expect uh a lot of growth and progress on the ones that we've been investing. You have enough new irons in the fire of new products that are doing pretty well that that's good enough to focus on. But still, the Plaid store is young. I think the whole fintech story is young. The story of, you know, self-driving money TM, thank you, Wealthfront, is still young. There's just a lot to follow. So, I look forward to continuing this conversation uh down the road. And thanks so much for coming on today. It's been a lot of fun. No, Rex, we're catching up with you. Next time we'll have to do lunch. Good to see you. Sounds great. All right, take care.
