---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: PDD
title: "Li Lu’s Big Bet on Pinduoduo (PDD) | Massive Upside! [Stock Analysis]"
channel: "Value Playbook"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: Km6xQulRQ2g
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Km6xQulRQ2g
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Li Lu’s Big Bet on Pinduoduo (PDD) | Massive Upside! [Stock Analysis]

**Channel**: Value Playbook  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Km6xQulRQ2g

## Transcript

In my last two videos, we started digging through the portfolios of world's top investors looking for hidden bargains. First, we looked at Bill Aman's bet on Amazon, then Monish Pavry's surprising move on Autoation. And honestly, both of them look like pretty solid investments at today's prices. So, today we're continuing that journey. This time, diving into the portfolio of another legendary investor, Leelu, the person who is often called the Chinese Warren Buffett. And here's the interesting part. In his latest 13F filing, Leelu bought just one stock and it wasn't some small buy either. It now makes up around 18% of his US portfolio, instantly becoming his second largest holding and that stock is Pindua or PDD holdings and it is one of China's fastest growing e-commerce giants. So, in this video, we're going to break down PDD holdings, look at its financials, and of course, calculate its intrinsic value to see if it could be a smart buy today. Now, if you enjoy these kind of videos, consider clicking the like and subscribe buttons. And now, onto the video. So, as I mentioned, PDD Holdings is one of China's fastest growing e-commerce giants. And the company behind Teeu, the discount shopping app expanding rapidly overseas. At its core, PDD connects buyers directly to manufacturers, offering ultra competitive prices through group purchasing and promotions. And that model has evolved into a massive ecosystem built around value for money shopping and attracting hundreds of millions of users. In the second quarter of 2025, the company reported $14.5 billion in revenue, up 7% year-over-year. Most of it came from online marketing services that grew 13% while transaction services were mostly flat. But while revenue grew, operating profit fell 21% to about 3.6 billion, which was mainly due to higher fulfillment, server, and payment costs. As PDD continued investing heavily in merchant support and logistics, net income came in at $4.3, down around 4% from last year, which shows that the business remains profitable despite a clear slowdown due to fierce competition. Cash flow also declined as operating cash flow dropped to $3 billion, about half of what it was a year ago. But the thing is the company still holds a massive $54 billion in cash and short-term investments and that gives Pinduad huge flexibility on expansion and new initiatives. So simply put, Pindua is a cashrich profitable business that has the ability to reinvest aggressively for long-term growth. And on the surface, the company looks fairly solid. But let's take a closer look at their financials to see if there are any red flags. hiding beneath the surface. So, Pindua Holdings is currently trading at $128 and it's up around 32% year to date. They're currently trading at a 14 price earnings ratio with a forward P of 12, which is on the lower side. They have a really good return on invested capital of almost 25% showing that they do a really good job at investing their capital. Now, this is the crazy thing. their net debt is negative over $50 billion. Now, what that means is the company has so much cash that they could cover all of their debt and still have over $50 billion laying around. And it's not like they have a trillion dollar market cap like Google. No, their market cap is only around 180 billion. So they basically have close to a third of their total market cap in cash which means that the company is in a really strong position financially. Now this is a graph of Pinduad's revenue over the past 10 years. In 2016 they did $72 million in revenue and it grew all the way up to 54 billion last year. I mean guys this growth is exceptional. They grew their revenue around 80 times in just 10 years. Now, this is their net income and as you can see, the company was losing money until 2020. Then in 2021, they turned a profit and they never looked back as they reached $15 billion in net income in 2024. Now, let's compare that with free cash flow. And the picture looks pretty similar with free cash flow actually outperforming revenue. Honestly, this is a thing we like to see. Pre-cash flow is a better indicator of how strong the company is doing financially actually because net income is much easier to manipulate. Now this is a graph of their shares outstanding and as you can see they have been issuing shares fairly aggressively until 2021 and they have slowed down in the past 3 years. Now I am not a big fan of seeing their shares outstanding growing for the last four years. In my opinion, they have a huge amount of cash and they could start returning that capital to investors by repurchasing shares and increasing shareholder value along the way. Now, this is what analysts are predicting for the company. For revenue, they expected to grow from 54 billion last year to around 81 billion in year 2029. Now, that's clearly not the growth we saw in the previous years, but it is still close to 10% annual growth rate. On earnings per share side, analysts expect their earnings per share to grow in the similar pace as revenue going from 11.4 to 17.5. They do paint a better picture for free cash flow as they expect their free cash flow to grow from 16.5 billion last year all the way up to around 34 billion in year 2029, which is more than doubling and is around 15% annualized growth rate. So looking at Pindua's financials, the picture looks really strong. The stock trades at fairly low valuation multiples, especially considering its consistent profitability and rapid growth. On top of that, the company holds an enormous cash position, giving it plenty flexibility to expand and invest without much risk. It has an excellent return on invested capital, showing that PDD isn't just growing fast, it's doing so efficiently. Both top and bottom lines have seen exceptional growth over the past few years. And even though the analysts expect that pace to slow a bit, they still project around 10% annual growth over the next 5 years. In short, PDD is a rare mix of strong growth, high profitability, and a fortress balance sheet. The kind of business that really fits Leelu's valuedriven approach. Now, let's run my intrinsic value calculation to see how much PDD holdings is actually worth and if it could be undervalued today. So, let's type in their ticker symbol, which is PDD, get the current price, and let's do two calculations. One from EPS, and one from free cash flow side. So, for earnings per share, they did $9.7 in the last 12 months. And according to analysts, they should grow their EPS at around 10% for the next 5 years. So let's lower that a bit and give him an eight. And let's say we will slow down even more and only grow at 6% for the 5 years after that. Let's add the standard expected return of 10%. And for terminal multiple, let's give them the market average of 15. And let's see what the calculator brings us. As you can see, for a 10% annualized return over the next decade, with these assumptions, you could pay $183 for Pindua today when it's trading at 131. And signals that the company is undervalued. So, let's try to increase our expected return to see what the company could actually return today. Let's give them a 15%. And as you can see, while my calculator says that the company is overvalued for a 15% return, the intrinsic value is actually pretty much the same as the current market price value. So theoretically, you could expect around 15% return over the next decade with these in my opinion fairly conservative assumptions. I wouldn't call them pessimistic, more of a realistic to conservative side. All right, now let's do the calculation from the free cash flow perspective. In the last 12 months, PDD did around $8.85 in free cash flow per share. And according to analyst, they should grow it at around 15% for the next 5 years. Let's be a bit more conservative and give them 13. And let's say that for the 5 years after that, they will slow down even more and only grow at 8%. Let's keep the expected return and terminal multiple at 15. and let's see what these assumptions get us. So, as you can see, for a 15% annualized return over the next decade with these assumptions, Pindu Dua seems fairly undervalued today. As you could pay around $164 for the company. So, let's adjust the numbers and see what actual returns we could expect from Pindu Dua over the next decade from the free cash flow perspective. Let's give them a 20. For a 20% return, it seems a bit overvalued, but still fairly close. So, let's adjust it to 18. And it seems like 18% is the annualized return you could expect from the free cash flow perspective according to these assumptions. And in my opinion, these assumptions aren't some crazy exuberant assumptions. They are fairly realistic. So, overall, Pindu Dua looks like a really strong business. Its financials didn't raise any red flags. And after running my intrinsic value calculation, my estimates show that based on earnings, the company could deliver close to 15% annualized returns over the next decade. And from the free cash flow site, the picture looks even better as the potential returns could be closer to 20% annually. On top of that, Pindua holds an enormous amount of cash, over $50 billion, which gives it incredible financial flexibility. Now, personally, I would like to see them start returning more of that capital to shareholders, preferably share buybacks or at least a dividend program. But even if they do not do that, it's not difficult to see why Leelu bought Pindua and why he made it his second largest holding. The fundamentals look excellent, the balance sheet is rock solid, and the long-term growth story still has plenty of room to run. For me, PDD looks like a highquality cash generating business and possibly one of the most compelling names we've covered so far in this super investor series, which is exactly why this stock makes up around 6% of my portfolio. Now, if you haven't seen my previous two videos where I analyzed Monish Pabry investment into Autoation or Bill Aman's Big Bat on Amazon, you should be able to see them somewhere on the screen or in the description down below. Now, if you enjoyed this breakdown, consider clicking the subscribe and like buttons as it really helps growing my channel. And as always guys, thank you for watching and I hope to see you in the next one. Bye.
