---
ticker: OKTA
type: youtube
title: "Okta's CEO is betting big on AI agent identity | Decoder"
channel: "Decoder with Nilay Patel and The Verge"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UoWNdgZzwug
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 68315
---

# Okta's CEO is betting big on AI agent identity | Decoder

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Decoder with Nilay Patel and The Verge
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UoWNdgZzwug

## 转录全文

It sounds like you're saying the SAS Apocalypse might be real, but it's not real for Octa. &gt;&gt; What people miss is that the the pie is getting much much larger, you know, because everyone's trying to sell something. So, when you hear companies, especially big company CEOs, say, "Oh, you know, uh AI is writing 90% of our code right now." I mean, they're trying to sell something. &gt;&gt; We're doing introspection here. Um &gt;&gt; I told you to be emotional. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; This is decoder. Decoder is just therapy for me personally. And it's at this point it's just like you you can tell what my problems are, right? &gt;&gt; That's right. Cuz you're uh you're like casting them out amongst the &gt;&gt; Hello and welcome to Decoder. I'm Neil Patel, editor and chief of Verge. And Decoder is my show about big ideas and other problems. Today I'm talking with Todd McKinnon, the co-founder and CEO of Octa, a platform that lets companies manage security and identity across all the apps and services their employees might use. Think of it like login management. Actually, that's a great way to think about it because the way most people encounter Octa is that it's the thing that makes you log in again right before joining a meeting several times a week which makes you late and you have to apologize. Can you tell we use Octa? Anyhow, all that is a big business. Octa has a $14 billion market cap. But big software as a service companies like Octa are suddenly under a lot of pressure in the age of AI. After all, why would you pay their fees when maybe you could just vibe code your own tools to do similar things? This is the so-called SAS apocalypse. And Todd himself recently said he was paranoid about it on Octa's most recent earnings call. Like so many of our guests recently, it's clear that Todd's a decoder fan. So, this one got deep about the very nature of building software itself and what it means to run a software company in 2026. That's right. Octa episode got emotional. Hang on, it might surprise you. Okay. Octa CEO Todd McKinnon. Here we go. Todd McKinnon, you're the co-founder and CEO of Octa. Welcome to Decoder. &gt;&gt; Thank you for having me, Neil. It's great to be here. I'm excited to talk to you. Uh I feel like a real theme of decoder lately is uh just me being emotional about the nature of software in 2026. And I can't think of anyone better to do it with than you because when I think of uh emotional software development, I think of big enterprise software CEOs. &gt;&gt; Would you like me to soo your emotions or not your emotions? &gt;&gt; I'm going to start with your emotions. Actually, we are we're going to we're going to get right into your feelings, Todd. A few weeks ago, &gt;&gt; I'm really good at talking about my feelings for massive groups of people. So late on &gt;&gt; Well, you you did. Here we go. We're going to we're going to just jump right into it. A few weeks ago, Octad earnings, you're on the call. They asked you about the SAS apocalypse, which I I want to talk about in detail, but this was your response to SAS apocalypse. This is why I was starting with feelings. You said, quote, "We are paranoid and we're making sure that we're using all the latest technologies, LM, etc. to make sure that we have something that's resilient and secure, but has the best features and best capabilities." This is you talking about agentic software development is real. The idea that our customers would build their own tools instead of paying us for these tools is real. We're paranoid about it. We've got to compete with that. That's a big thing to say. Talk about where you are in SAS apocalypse because I I I want to start there and then I want to zoom out to basically the the nature of software in general. But that feels like a big thing for you to say like you need to be paranoid about this threat. &gt;&gt; Uh let's start with me personalitywise and how I operate. I'm very much challenged driven and I think a lot of people are uh in our business and just like what's the next challenge uh and what I see right now in the world is huge challenge and a huge opportunity. It's like a huge mountain to climb and that is at a the fundamental level is that the I believe strongly that the pie for technology is expanding greatly like the pie that what we can do for people and companies with AI and you know the common things talk people talk about agents and um I mean this is a massive change massive disruption it's bigger than cloud computing it's you know you could talk about is it as big there's the internet it's big. So now now capturing that and and leading a company that thrive and a company Octa's had decent amount of success 3 billion in revenue um growing over 10% last year established brand 20,000 customers. We've had some decent success. I think the opportunity going forward with all this change and all this disruption is is is massive. It's huge. Technolog is getting way bigger. There's all kinds of new categories I think are emerging. So for me personally, it's an incredible opportunity and challenge to lead the company through this and to go from what is, you know, like a midsize successful SAS company to be what I think could be one of the most important companies in the world. So that's a huge challenge. It's a huge opportunity. It's also daunting because it's some way it'd be great. It'd be great if things didn't change that much and kind of our locked in position was, you know, more stable and we could plug along, but there's a huge prize. the prize is massive and that's incumbent upon us to face this challenge and to go get it. &gt;&gt; You've talked about this in terms of the pie. You've said that the total addressable market for software is is growing. I I have a lot of questions about octa in that in that market as it's growing. I I know you have some announcements about agents and verifying agents and having kill switch for agents that I want to talk about. I just want to come back to SAS apocalypse in general. I understand SAS apocalypse for a run-of-the-mill productivity tool. We use a lot of run-of-the-mill productivity tools here at the Verge. They're all fine, right? And I'm always joking that enterprise software CEOs don't love coming on the show. &gt;&gt; I want to be run-of-the-mill, &gt;&gt; right? It's but they're all fine. Like you can uh you can take one piece of project tracking software and replace it with another. And the idea that you're going to get anything more than a 5% productivity improvement, I think, is has always been elucory. Maybe you'll get some better pricing. The idea that I can just vibe code a Trello and now I don't have to pay Trello because I just have a Trell. Like I I understand that argument. Octa to me has seemed much more insulated from that, right? Because you're you have identity and you have to protect you have to do security at a scale that most people can't consider doing security. There's a lot of reasons why me paying you to take that liability on is a good business regardless of whether I can build it myself for cheaper. What specifically has you paranoid about Agentic software and your customers building their own tools like Octa? Cuz to me that's actually a little more opaque. &gt;&gt; I mean if you look at what these tools can do it's amazing the cloud code and co-work and uh codeex and the these are I mean from I grew up as a software engineer and that whole world is being revolutionized. So I built a company as a product developer and as an engineer. And so if you don't question and look at how you've built your own company and thinking and and realize that that world is changing, you're just naive. Now we can talk about the reasons why I think Octa is very well positioned and has attributes of the market and attributes of the product that make it uh very resilient and hard to replace, but just got to look at the technology and look at what look at what's possible. And if you're not if you're not circumspect about what got you here and what your modes are and what the upstart would be doing if they were trying to compete with you, I think you're just naive. So I think it's a healthy paranoia. I when you look at the business, I think there's the features and functionalities of functionality of our products and then one thing that's maybe misunderstood about what we do or maybe the buyers understand it but in general might be misunderstood. You can build the features and functions, but you the last thing you have to do is you have to connect it to everything. Thousands and thousands of different applications and services and pieces of infrastructure, it has to be connected to the last mile. So that is, you know, and that and that always changes. So you have to keep that integrated and you have to make sure it's always up to date with the latest changes of all the ecosystem. And so the integration part and then this other part is that it really it has to work. It's mission critical. So even if if you know if you're building something that look looks like octa, getting the features to work is like 10% of the battle, &gt;&gt; making sure it works 100% of the time is is takes years and years and years. And is there also a reputational thing? It's like &gt;&gt; what are you going to trust? Are you going to trust the hard the proven solution that's been out there for years? Are you going to trust something that your team just cooked up? So infrastructure software in general and then cyber software I think is also very well insulated from people vibe coding it themselves just because you know you're talking about things that are purchased on there's a lot of a brand that goes into it like what cyber company do you trust? What cyber company do you trust to be uh secure itself to what cyber company do you trust to be up to date on all the latest threats? And and then people that are buying cyber tools, they're going to have to look at their bosses and their boards of directors and say, "What did you pick?" Oh, we got breached. Well, what did you pick? Well, I wanted to save a little bit of money to vibe code it. So, that the category of security and infrastructure software, I think, is a little bit different from some of the app categories that you were talking about. &gt;&gt; There's a little bit of no one ever got fired for picking IBM in there. And then I think more cynically, there's I want a vendor for this stuff that is rich enough for me to sue them if something goes wrong, right? like there it's it's in there. I I I you know I hear it from the industry. Um &gt;&gt; or can or the the more like glass half full would be can support me. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's it's one or the other. It's uh your job is to have the glass be half full. Uh I have the other job. I'm trying to connect the dots between what sounds like a good case for being insulated from the market and what you're describing as healthy paranoia. Like there's a new generation of software tools that will help people build competitors to Octa. Whether those competitors are just the next N plus1 SAS competitor or whether it's the internal team at a company saying we'll build our identity solutions. What's the mechanism that is leading you to say we have to be vigilant? Is it the new generation of SAS companies will just be cheaper? They'll have fewer people and they'll build something comparable to Octa that is just vastly cheaper per seat. Is it the companies will realize, oh, we can just build all these connectors and cloud code is going to traverse our internet and lock people in manually and maybe that'll be more costly in tokens, but the front end will be cheaper. If you have the installation, what is the mechanism that might be a threat to octa? &gt;&gt; I compartmentalize it in two different areas. Um the first area is just uh and probably the more important area is is job as a CEO is most important job is like figure out strategy which means which markets you're going to be in and how you're going to win in those markets and for us this there's a big new emerging market which which is AI agents need to log into stuff &gt;&gt; and AI agents need to be you need to have a system to keep track of them and define their role and define and their permissions and what they can connect to and what they can do. So that's a big new market. So getting the company oriented on that massive new market and that's one bucket which markets the second bucket is how we execute to go capture that market and I think the main theme in the second bucket is it's it sounds basic but I think basics are important which is it's very clear that especially in software development and innovation the technical shift is very significant. So the number one thing that organization has to do is is turn the dial in terms of how much change it will absorb. So in normal operating mode, let's say you want 20% change, 80% stays the same. You need to turn that dial up now. You need to change more. Whether that's the your team structure, whether that's processes, whether that's the technology you're using, you have to turn up the change quotient. So what I tell the team is it's got to be at least 60/40 if not more. Um and then with that it's like you give them the freedom to experiment with new technology. Um you know learn from what's happening out there. By the way I think one of the most important things is you know while you have a healthy appreciation for the change and the impact you can fall victim to believing what you see online or what you what you hear. You know something. Everyone's trying to make their company sound cool and they're like they're embracing the change. So when you hear companies, especially big company CEOs, say, "Oh, you know, uh, AI is writing 90% of our code right now." I mean, they're trying to sell something, whether it's their own, uh, substance as a leader or their own organization's ability to innovate. So, you got to take that with a grain of salt and say, "Hey, the art of the possible, but like, you know, as we change, what are we embracing? What's working for us? What's not?" But it kind of all comes back to giving the teams freedom to change. And change is hard. It sounds tright, but you really as a leader, you have to force it sometimes. Tops down mandates, right? I like to be bottoms up and empower people, but sometimes to get change happen, you have to push it. &gt;&gt; Tell me about the change. It sounds very specifically like you think the change here is there's going to be a universe of agents doing work inside of companies and they need to be permissioned and controlled and octa should focus on that. And you're not so worried about, hey, a bunch of people are going to vibe code their own tools or a bunch of cheaper competitors are going to come up and disrupt us because they vibe coded a competitor octa. Like it seems like you're bracketing that and saying that's not a big problem for for octa. Right now &gt;&gt; we have the opportunity to win this this battle to be the identity layer for AI agents. And if we win that, that could easily be the biggest category in cyber. I mean, cyber is about $280ish billion dollars a year. Identity management is about depending on whose number you believe it's roughly 10% of that. Um this new agent layer could be the biggest category in cyber by far. Um so yeah winning that is is is job number one for our company. &gt;&gt; Tell me your calibration on how much it's acceptable to lose the identity piece of your business to whatever vibe coding SAS apocalypse people think in order to win the bigger market in uh agent control. Because right now, you know, the argument is why would anyone keep paying you monthly or yearly for x number of seats when they can pay a lower fee to some solution that someone has built cheaper and then once that's done, it's done and you you have to pay annually. Why would anyone keep paying you for that if you think the market is bigger for agents? They're not mutually exclusive. Um, I think the attributes we talked about, whether it's uh reliability, trust, integration, capabilities, you know, does the vendor you're going to trust have enough money to to support you? Um, that's that's a foundational thing in both of these markets, whether it's people identity for customers and partners and employees or it's this new identity type of agents and facilitating that. So they're not mutually exclusive, but I think that that when I what's happening in the world right now is every organization is is it's it's interesting. They're I think I'd say they're universally uh aware of the potential of the agentic enterprise which is essentially they want to make things more automated and they want to you know enhance their digital or enhance their workforce with digital employees or they want to add new digital employees. So they're all clearly aware of this. Um, and but they don't, you know, it's they're they're getting a very mixed set of signals and a very messy story about how they do it. There's a combination of, you know, the big platforms, Amazon, Microsoft, Google are going to sell me agents. It's not even actually clear what an agent is. Salesforce has agent force, Service Now has agents, every um SAS company is building agents. So they're they're trying to sort through it all. But what they see is that they see a tremendous opportunity to automate things and to um basically take labor budget and divert it into technology budget and make their companies grow faster and be more efficient and they're and now what they're looking for is okay, what are the foundational building blocks to wire that all together and make it work? What are the rails? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um and so that's where the big opportunity is to get take the first steps on this you know what could be the biggest category of cyber &gt;&gt; when you look at things like open claw which obviously had a huge moment and everyone is buying Mac minis so they can air gap open claw from their production machine and then they're just giving openclaw all of their login and passwords on the Mac mini. Do you see that? Like I look at that I'm like you've accomplished nothing right? you you've you've given it all the access over here and maybe it just doesn't have your file system with your photos on it, but it still has all the access to the tools. But that's where the excitement is, right? Is like the sort of like living on the bleeding edge of danger and saying the agent running on this machine can run overnight and invent its own tools and figure out solutions to problems. When you are looking at putting rails on that, it feels like you're actually going to foreclose some opportunities because we don't yet really know how the agents are going to work. How did you look at open call and the way people were giving it permissions? Is that sort of culture organically developed and how is it informing your thinking about building for agents at octa now? &gt;&gt; It's the chat GPT moment for agents. It's you know and then chat GPT was the Netscape moment for AI. So it's it's very significant and and the biggest significance I think is it it opened everyone's eyes to the art of the possible. You know my my son's soccer game the parents were talking about OpenClaw and these aren't tech people. they're talking about how they're going to automate all their tasks. And so these people are using in their personal lives and their consumers and their IT buyers at companies. So it's it's a really eye opening and defi definitional thing about what an agent can do and what it can be. And this is a tension, you know, when you when you get something like an open claw and you try to experiment with it and play around with it, you say, "Oh, it's really not that interesting unless it has my data, unless it's connected everything." And this is exactly what these companies are every enterprise is is is struggling with. It's like hey this stuff really needs to have my data my 50 50 years of sales inventory and my consu my customer data and my marketing data and once it's all combined these agents in this agentic layer can do things interesting. So what the rails we're putting in place is actually first of all it sounds basic but just giving enterprises a a list of the agents they have sounds simple but they they need a list of the agents they have and then they need a system of record and a list for you know the agents they could use. So what is Salesforce doing? What is Service Now doing? What is Claude doing? What agents do they have? And then then okay now what are they connected to? and making sure that we control and secure what the agents are connected to because again the tension is between more and more data, more and more connections. This is by the way why the why the companies like Palunteer and Snowflake and Data Bricks are doing so well because what they allow companies to do is instead of having to actually connect their Agentic Enterprise to all these separate systems, they pull it into one data warehouse. So that's one model. you can pull it all into one data warehouse and run the agents on that. Um, but I think the longer term more scalable model is you actually have the right permissions and the right access tokens to the agents to access the data directly. So when you go back to the example of of open claw, it's like mindset. Everyone knows what these things can do now. Um, and you have to facilitate access. You have to facilitate making sure that these connections are made in a secure way in in a way that can be understood and monitored and when things go too far you can pull them back and as you experiment in the lab you can say these are the connections we need this is you know we should add more here we should change this we should filter this permission that's what companies have to do and that's that's the what we're that's the rail those are the rails we're trying to put in place &gt;&gt; when I said this was going to be an emotional conversation on software development the nature of our relationship to databases is at the very heart of that existential crisis that I I feel every week on this show. Let me uh just get your answer to this directly. It sounds like you're saying SAS apocalypse might be real, but it's not real for Octa in the way that most people think SAS apocalypse is real. &gt;&gt; I think the what people miss is that the the pie is getting much much larger. If you look at uh the um amount spent on software it's you know it's about if you do infrastructure and SAS and everything hyperscalers software it's about you know 1.2 or 3 trillion 1.2 trillion roughly if you look at the amount of people the services the IT services market it's about 1.8 8 trillion. So the markets are getting bigger. You know, we're going to be spending more of that money on software and the pie is getting bigger. That's one thing that's true. The second thing that's true is uh the every piece of technology in the stack, whether it's SAS apps or whether it's uh devices or oss or infrastructure, they're all going to get agentic features. They're all going to do things more on their own. They're all going to they're going to be able to talk to more of them and they're going to optimize for agentic. And I think the last thing is that there is a new layer and that is the digital worker layer. And you know some I'm sure some of the existing companies are going to make the leap and they're going to have real digital workers that are in their you know come from uh Microsoft and Salesforce and Amazon. I think it's probably more likely it's going to come from companies that aren't uh kind of weren't born in the in the legacy way of building an app. You know, I think it's hard when you're when you grew up building an app in a certain functional silo. It's hard to build a digital worker because digital workers need to go across different things. That's why they're called workers. That's why they're not called one app. And so it's really hard for companies that have, you know, focused on collaboration or HR or one silo to say, hey, now my digital worker really can span all these silos because if you look inside those companies, the whole org structures of these companies and the politics of these companies are someone owns one silo. &gt;&gt; So it's very hard to break through and go broad. So anyways, I think everything is getting bigger. I think a lot of the um apps will have agentic features. I think there's a new layer of digital workers. Now back to your question which is like what's going on with the SAS apocalypse. The reality is there will be some losers and there will be some companies disrupted and uh there'll be new people take over categories that are now um but I I mean that's you know back to challenges and making it fun. That's that's fires me up and I I think it fires up a lot of people too. &gt;&gt; Uh you have brilliantly opened the door to the decoder questions by talking about org charts. I actually think we're on the cusp of some some of the weirdest org charts we've ever seen. So tell me about octa. What was your org chart in the past? I mean you you founded the company. I'm sure you've gone through many iterations of it. Where are you at now? And as you talk about changing the balance of change in the company, how are you changing your org chart? &gt;&gt; I think the guiding principle is uh is try to give the great people a area that they can be great in. So it's really kind of a a people driven or chart. It's like reward people, promote people, bring in new people, give them give them an area that could really excite them and motivate them and it's kind of peopleentric. The second principle is is uh where possible try to cluster things. So you you minimize communication paths and you let people be more autonomous and small teams. I found that's pretty hard. Um, I think pretty quickly there's unless you have very um distinct separate business units and really almost separate companies inside your company. It's pretty hard to cut down on the lines of communication. There's got to be lines of communication somewhere. No matter how you slice the org, you're you're kind of moving around where the people have to cross org boundaries. But you do try to take that into consideration. And then I think beyond that I think a lot of um people think things that people try to do with org charts uh you know whether it's um get people aligned on goals and get a culture that is shipping things quickly is it's really not an org chart thing. It's a management thing. It's a leadership thing. And you'd better instead of moving the org around all the time, you'd be better spent to make sure you have the right management team and the right leadership team to to instill those cultural elements versus, you know, taking your people team and telling them to move stuff around to have a more nimble culture. You probably should just like get the right managers. So this I mean this is my joke on coder, right? If you tell me the structure of a company, I can tell you 80% of your problems because the the tensions just exist in certain structures in predictable ways. And it's that last 20% which is priorities and leadership and management. So it sounds like you're pretty functionally structured, but how is Octa actually structured? Are you structured by business line? Is it uh or do you just have like a crack AI team that's off in the corner? Like how does this all work? &gt;&gt; On the go to market side, it's functional. Um on the GNA side, it's functional. On the R&amp;D side, it's it's by platform. We have two platforms. There's Octa platform and Ozero platform. And the R&amp;D is by platform. The other question I ask everybody who comes into coder is about decisions. Again, you're it's it's always great to have a founder because you your your frameworks change as you come up with a company. How do you make decisions? What's your framework and how has that changed over time? &gt;&gt; I would say the this is a we're we're really talk we're doing introspection here. Um for me personally. It's at this point it's just like you you can tell what my problems are by the &gt;&gt; you're uh you're like casting them out amongst the gods. But it's interesting. So when I started Octa, you know, I'd worked at Salesforce and I had a, you know, decent sized team there and felt like I was very decisive. I was like, we got to do something. Here are the options. Decide. And then I started Octa and I found something interesting. My decision-m process slowed down. And when I was thinking about why, it's like I feel realized that when I was at Salesforce, my boss was always a safety net ultimately, right? It's like if I was going to make a bad decision, there was theoretically a boss to to stop me. But when I started doing Octa and the company started getting successful, I was, you know, my decision was like the decision and I better think about it and get it right. And so it slowed down. It slowed down and then the company got bigger and we got into this phase of um, you know, we went public and got close to a billion dollars of revenue. And then I kind of felt like maybe I didn't uh I needed more input and I really needed to get expert advice on a lot of things. And what I realized over those years is that my instincts were still pretty good and I probably should trust my instincts more. Um and and so I think that's kind of the mode I've been in for the last 3 years. Yeah, it's the company's bigger than it's ever been. I'm managing a company that's bigger than I've ever managed by definition. But uh I think I've been leaning into my more inst my instincts more and I think to inform those there's and then to put more you know detail on that I think two things are very important. One is that you you have to decide which decisions to make. So that's really important. So there's a bunch of decisions that I should I shouldn't be involved and I shouldn't be making. The inverse of that is super important which is the ones that I that I am making I better focus on them and concent concentrate on them and really get get those right. Um and for me doing that in an effective way having a detailed grasp of what's going on is incredibly important. So being in the details and you know it's it's at a scale where it's hard to know every little thing but you can really dive into areas and get enough details throughout the year so that when it comes to make those big decisions that you've narrowed down and focused on you can you know use those details and use your judgment and trust your instinct to make to make good high quality decisions. It's the most important thing I do deciding which decisions to make and getting a a high success rate on them. &gt;&gt; Put this into practice for me. The big decision we've been talking about is okay, Octa is going to chase the idea of being the framework for agents in the workforce. That's a huge market. It is so big that maybe you're not as worried about SAS apocalypse as some of the other enterprise CEOs that I talked to because the market's going to grow so big and we're going to force change the company from the top down to make sure that the rate of change is higher and we're all focused on this opportunity. How did you make that decision? Was it did you stare at the ocean for a while and it came to you in a lightning bolt? Like what what was the process there? &gt;&gt; The high order bit there is recognizing recognizing a world where everything in the stack is going to change. Um and I think it's not kind it's kind of similar like when I started Octa not I mean you never want to exactly follow the past because history doesn't repeat it rhymes. Um, but a lot of it was I remember in 2009 I was looking at the world and and saying hey you know there's going to be a cloud version of everything in the stack and what are the big unique opportunities there and what's happening with you know aentic call it agentic is that everything is going to be revisited in this agentic world whether it's current solutions are going to be have agentic capabilities I mean um you know it's crazy like AWS AWS is like the infrastructure business, the most unassalable business. That market is, you know, with all the changes with Agentic and people building agents and running models, it's kind of it's up for grabs, which is crazy. So all this change and then you just look at what's going to be required in all this change and you say it's it's these connections between all these agents and where they're running that the demand for that is going to be massive because there's going to be this onrush of agentic capabilities and there's going to be new stuff that's built. There's going to be native vendors that come out of nowhere and take market share. there's going to be new markets. And so it's kind of a it's a macro thing, but now it's like, all right, and what do you know about the details of your company, Todd? What are you guys good at? You're good at building something that scales, building something that's reliable, building something that connects to a lot of different systems. Um, you know, how can you position yourselves in that new market? And I think that's, you know, that those are the big essential things. It's that's the bet we're making. &gt;&gt; Take me inside the moment, though. Right. You you're realizing this happens. Did you write an email? Did you open a Google doc? Did you just dictate to chat GPT and send say fire off an email for me agent? Like how did that actually work at the company? Last year I was in process of meeting uh meeting all our hundred largest customers in person and the purpose of the meetings was I wanted to tell them about our vision of this unified identity platform where we're the only ones in the industry that have all these capabilities across customer identity and governance and privilege and um and at the same time the the company the the teams were working on essentially you know agent identity And um these meetings I would I would pitch what I was talking about and then there would there'd be interest in you know oh we should look at this we should we didn't know how far far along you were and then I started throwing in this agentic stuff at the end of the meeting and whenever I would get to that the comp the the uh the people in the meeting would just stop and they'd be like wait talk about that some more. Um, and then that kept happening happening till to, you know, where, you know, 25, 30 meetings, 40 meetings in. I would flip it around and we would start with the agents and the new identity type and what customers were thinking about doing with agents and how they're seeing the potential of the digital worker and agents and all the confusion and and we wouldn't get to the other stuff. We had our big conference in the fall and you know it was like the last vestigages of the the old pitch followed by the agents and after that conference I just said listen we got to we got to flip this around this people want to hear about the agents that the that's the direction they're going and that's what we need to pivot and totally focus on. &gt;&gt; All right so let me ask you the my crash out questions about all of this. Here's my my first one and you're a great person to ask this question to because you build a lot of software. You've built a company around building software like very bespoke, very complicated software and you're trying to sell a lot of software to people who like you said would like to replace labor with uh technology, right? And that is there's a lot there. I'm looking at the state of the art in AI right now and I see some cool stuff happening and I find myself constantly wondering can the LLM technology we have today that is a foundation of all of these AI systems can it bear the weight of our expectations can it actually on any reasonable timeline do all of the things that people think it can do because I can see it doing some things and then I see it just hit walls over and over again. And I say, well, if it's brittle, people are not going to adopt it because that brittleleness is exactly where you want a human being to just be available to overcome whatever boundary the AI is going to find for itself. And I can give you examples, but I'm curious if you see that broadly and if you think the technology can actually develop to the point where the market becomes as big as what you're describing. &gt;&gt; Absolutely, the technology can develop. I think there there's a lot of wild extrapolations going on right now. um which you know but I I think that the even if you don't meet the wild extrapolations people are talking about the market is still massive and I think it's going to take a lot of innovation and good product work and good engineering work and good process work to to make sure that that the benefits that we can we can achieve these benefits even though it's not some wild extrapolation of some magic LLM that can do everything in the world. So I I I see one example, right? Every software developer I know is like especially the senior ones are like I'm now just describing software like I'm just like writing. &gt;&gt; That's a great example. That's a great example. So now I I believe that is very real and very powerful. But I also believe that there's going to be more software engineers in 5 years than there are now. And the reason I believe that is not because I think those people are wrong, but I think that what's going to happen is there's first of all there's just way more software that we need to build that can be built. And two, what's going to happen is the software engineers are going to be figuring out how to make it work at scale. How to how to make sure that systems can be maintained. How to make sure we understand how the agentic workflows what they actually built and h and we we need to modify them for the next way. No one's ever maintained an agentically developed system for 5 years. No one's ever figured out how to make it scale. That's where all the work is. And when you combine that on, you know, we're going to build 10 times more software, that adds up to more people being required to do it. So I think both can be true. &gt;&gt; Where are those people going to learn how to do it, right? You you've already described this, right? The traditional career path, the traditional org chart is breaking down. I think Meta announced that like one manager will now oversee 50 IC's. When I say we're on the cusp of some wild org charts, that's what I mean. Like some very strange corporate structures are going to blossom here. If the problem is, okay, no one's ever maintained an agentic system for five years and we need more developers to do it. Where are all those developers going to learn the skills to evaluate the code that agents are are writing and and deploying and saying, "Okay, you got it wrong. Here's how you need to maintain it." &gt;&gt; It's, you know, maybe not what everyone's say because people like to extrapolate and say, "Everything in the world is changing. The education system is going to change. Everything's going to change." I think a lot of the things where people learn they'll learn like in college I think we'll still teach computer science it'll just be different just like you know 50 years ago we didn't teach uh modern compilers we t we taught machine code and assembly right and so now we'll teach how do you coordinate agents and how do you architect systems and how do you you know you'll probably take some uh you know Java development classes kind of like when I was in college I took machine code classes to understood how it really works under the covers, but you have to learn the new way. It's modernization. It's um new challenge. You'll have to learn new challenges. And I think it'll be better because we're going to learn how to build stuff at scale and not just in terms of like the amount of load it can handle, but build a large complex system at scale. Learning that in college and learning that on on the job and u people that are early in their career leveling up, you know, there's also this narrative out there that oh, we don't need any entry-level developers anymore. That's, you know, a bad mindset to have because first of all, those are the people that are probably most open to doing things differently. They're the least set in their ways. So, I think entry- level folks will learn how to, you know, use these tools and command these workflows to do things at scale in a way that people that learned 1015 years ago didn't. So, &gt;&gt; when I think about the value of agents going out in the world, as you've described, they need access to a lot of data. the notion that my company has a bunch of disperate databases and that I should hire an agent to go look at all those databases and put them together and use the software. The thing that gets me at that every time is the notion that they're going to build software because I'm not sure the agents are building software for anything but agents to use and at some point that software just gets very specialized and and very narrow and it is access to the databases that becomes the most valuable thing. one of our own designers here at the Verge uh said to me right before I came to talk to you, he heard I was talking to you and he said all software development in 2026 is just calibrating the interface between your brain and a database, right? And like right now all AI development is like would you like to just chat with this database? And the answer in the enterprise appears to be yes. Like let me just talk to my analytics database directly like a person and it will give me some insights. And the answer in consumer maybe is no, right? like uh Google Photos just walked back its AI search because it turns out people prefer the regular search and I I don't know which one is going to win out over time and we're we're habits for everybody across work and their personal lives will change but the notion that the database is the important thing and that's where the value is because anybody can ask an agent to go make up a spok piece of software to do some business function. Doesn't it seem likely that the database vendors will just raise their prices or increase the barriers to access or find other ways to to extract more value from having that that data because that's what all the agents really need access to. &gt;&gt; There's I think there's data and then there's intelligence and I think a lot of the intelligence is is now in the past has been codified in the application. Raw database is is not that helpful. I mean, when you say you want to talk to the database, what you're really saying is you you want some kind of analysis or intelligence done by something. &gt;&gt; Um, you don't want to you want to have the ones and zeros and, you know, in gigabytes of data coming at you. Um, so you're really talking about intelligence and that's the that's the big debate about SAS apocalypse. Who's going to do that intelligence? Is it is it the app vendors we have now? I mean, even even, you know, I mentioned the data warehouse companies like Data Bricks and Snowflakes and Snowflake and Palanteer. they're they're not really I mean they're selling essentially they're selling some kind of intelligence. They're not the the valuable part of their business is not the is not the ones and zeros. So the question is like who's going to do the intelligence and I think that the application companies are going to add some to their you know um ones and there's going to be new ones that intelligence actually becomes work not in the sense of you know app work but sense of work people would have done &gt;&gt; again when I'm saying I'm having like an existential crisis like I have as a tech journalist I have understood software in one way for my entire career and it's been a pretty good career because the software industry and the tech industry has grown so fast in the 15 years since we've started the Verge but every conversation I've had to coder over the past few months is some CEO of like a web 2.0 no company that put a beautiful mobile app interface on top of a database and that thing felt like the application and they built huge businesses on top of it and you can describe this in all kinds of way. We just had the CEO of Zillow on Zillow is just a beautiful interface to a database and that's a really good business for them. I'm asking, okay, if you have agents and you're like, go find me a house and order me a sandwich, you're going to end up in a place where it might just want to use Zillow or it might want to cut Zillow out and go directly to the underlying &gt;&gt; or Zillow might build the killer agent &gt;&gt; or or Zillow might build the agent. And I'm just not sure how any of that plays out because what you're really doing is unbundling the data and the intelligence that acts upon the data and the interface to that data into three very different things and everybody still wants to make money and and not go out of business and you're sitting right at the center of it, right? you're providing access to everyone. How do you see that playing out right now? &gt;&gt; A different way to frame what you're saying is that the, you know, it's there's an unbundling and there's like a data layer and an intelligence layer and a front end layer, but what also is happening is that it's all kind of getting more connected. We think of an app and a database and a user interface as one thing, but as that unbundling happens, what really is happening is all the apps that you thought were in various silos are connecting to each other. And that's because there's agents on top of them that are connecting to all those silos. There's the apps themselves are becoming more agentic and you know and we're as a as octa as a company this is this is why I'm so excited about this agentic identity and these guardrails we've talked about. It's also why we're this this needs to be standardized in the industry. There's no good standard for how we have pretty good standards now for how you know when you single sign on into your applications how that interaction works between you and your browser and your phone and the applications. There's no good standards for how agents connect to a bunch of other systems they need to get their data. So there's some standardization that's required here too. But I mean zooming out it's like isn't it exciting? It's it's such a challenge. It'd be much easier if if things were just stayed the same and we could kind of keep ma keep like in our own little lanes. And &gt;&gt; I I agree. It's exciting especially because you're going to I think we're going to see a wave of new companies and new ways of thinking and certainly we'll see new ways of computing which that's why the Verge exists. like we were built around the the concept that mobile phones would be important which when we launched the site was not people were like what are you talking like it's it's hard to even say now but that this was like a real thing that we said that we got question marks around what I would temper that with is when I have CEOs on the show and they say companies are interested in replacing their labor budgets with technology budgets that is a pretty huge threat when we talk about how much work will be automated by running around the agents and doing intelligence I one I wonder well who will be spending all that money if no one is making any of that money and then I think very importantly this comes back to me asking about can LLM do it I wonder if any new ideas will be generated in that process at all right if we're just going to automate our way into something that seems pretty boring right we're just going to run a bunch of business logic and no one at the bottom who's actually operating the business logic will think oh I could do this 10 times cheaper if I start my own company and go start a new company and there's something about all of that that I think I hear from our aience audience is that's why AI pulls as badly as AI polls. Even though the opportunities look exciting, &gt;&gt; there'll be a wave of uh people building agentic systems and agentic systems to you know uh do the jobs people do now or help people do the jobs people do now. Then there'll be another wave of of things that are automating processes that weren't possible before. We're still in the early parts of that second phase where we're thinking about, hey, we could build this new set of digital workers and gonna get productivity. We really haven't gotten to this point where is the process that should be happening in all these workflows if it could just be agentic from the start. &gt;&gt; So, Ox has announced a blueprint for Agentic Enterprise. It's basically got three big pillars, right? It's how to onboard agents as an identity which is I'm very curious about what you think about the difference between an agent identity and an actual person to standardize connection points which you've talked about a little bit and then lastly and this one is great is to private a kill switch in case your agents go rogue. So talk about the first one you want to create a new identity for agents in the workforce on your network. What does that look like? Is that how is it defined differently than an employee or a person? Agents are a new identity type and it's it's kind of like a combination of it has some attributes of a human identity and some attributes of a just a system and it's basically a hybrid of both. And so it definition from a definition perspective it's pretty simple. I think where it gets interesting is it becomes a a map that that centralizes the list of agents from all your vendors. So it can it can represent agents from all the big platforms. It can it gives you this central way to kind of keep track of it all. And that's what companies are struggling with. They they hear all the announcements and they're very excited about this. They just need a place. Hey, let me bring it in centrally and let me see what I have. And now once I see what I have, I can, you know, some of these things are very much just onetoone with people. Some of them there's a set of agents that multiple agents that work with one person. And some of them are totally headless and they're just on their own thing, automating some things and they need a human in the loop. And you can kind of start to organize things that way. But it's all kind of it's all kind of framed in this um in this concept of mapping across different silos. So you have you have agents you built yourself, you have platforms you're using like Amazon or Microsoft or Google, you have big apps you're using like Salesforce and Service Now. And it lets you centralize all that in a way that doesn't lock you into one of those silos and then like you said it it can it can help you say all right these things unequivocally need to connect to more things and I can control where they connect to when they connect to that data warehouse what permissions do they have in that data warehouse and then across all all the different various technologies and then like you said stuff is going to go wrong and they there's going to be uh issues and threats and prompt injection And when that happens, it gives you the ability to essentially pull the plug, like take the connections away, you know, in terms of like, oh, this agent is doing something we didn't expect. Now, what we can do is we can pull away its connections. &gt;&gt; How do you detect whether it's doing something you didn't expect? &gt;&gt; We don't have a magic solution to that because it kind of depends on the point of the agent, and that's kind of dependent on the the person that wrote the agent and the system it came from. Um but we are we're working on standards for people to raise that issue or not um not not from a like from a technical sense like raise an alert and and have the other elements of the system respond to that. So is the kill switch just we're we're pulling your access. You're fired. Get your stuff and go. &gt;&gt; We're pulling the access to to everything the agent can access, not access to the agent. &gt;&gt; Right. So it's just saying we've revoked all your passwords, agent. Yeah. You're you're out of the system now. &gt;&gt; Almost like you would take a machine off the network. &gt;&gt; When you say that the agent identity is somewhere between a person and a system, go into that in more detail. What what specifically do you mean? &gt;&gt; When you think about having a system that controls what something has access to, a lot of it's very similar to a person. meaning that you know just like you would give a person access to applications and then inside of those services and applications you would say here's their role here's their group here's their profile that's a lot of the way these agents are being built and modeled. Um the reason it's not like a person is because you have relationship between the people and the agents in a way that they're on behalf of and you want to always take the identity of the person and pass it to the agent and have it use that. Um and some sometimes you want the agent to um have its own identity and the systems that tech talks to do their permissions based on what the agent is and then it goes back to the person as a human in the loop. So there's different patterns. So that if you actually look at the physical directory of agents, some of the elements are very much like per like a person and some of them are, you know, only because there are these agents that can be on behalf of people or they can be connecting to other agents and they're more, you know, kind of like systems versus people. &gt;&gt; When you look at how the agents operate, you know, you can go look at the chain of thinking at any one of these systems. A lot of times they're just talking to themselves in weird ways. I feel like you're provisioning identity. Obviously, Octto doesn't think about identity in in the most deeply philosophical ways, but you know, Anthropic is like very happy to hint that Claude is alive, right? When you think about, okay, I is I'm a provider of identity to these systems that are a hybrid between people and and something else. Does it ever occur to you that like they might be reasoning in a way that is more human or not, or that you need to address that in some way in the architecture of how you permission them? &gt;&gt; We're pretty pragmatic about it. Um meaning that it's we we know that they're the behavior of these systems is nondeterministic and you have to it's all about like getting this balance right between give it flexibility to what data and systems and things it can access and do and what operations um but then having the ability to rein it in when it it goes too far. And I think that's the right ultimately that's the right um way to balance effectiveness of these systems and and the risk. There's no free lunch. Like you you have to give it the data if you want it to be effective and you kind of have to decide if if you you have zero tolerance for non-deterministic behavior, you can't give it the data. You can't give it the permission. Um and so that's kind of the balance that we're helping customers strike. &gt;&gt; How do you think about, you know, Octa sits in the middle? You were talking about, I don't know, there's there's Salesforce that has its own agents. There's other vendors that have their own agents. They are not going to want those agents to work across their databases, right? This comes back to like I think the central challenge here and the reason why something like openclaw was able to be so powerful so quickly because it had nothing to do with any of those companies or those platforms. It was just clicking around in a browser as though it was an actual person &gt;&gt; out of nowhere. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. And it was because there was no security built into it and instead of acting on behalf of a person, it just represented itself as a person and it was off to the races. you know, Salesforce can't keep an actual human user from using a different system or orchestrating in their own head, right? Well, when you build the agents inside the corporate network, you can absolutely do those things and Salesforce can absolutely write a terms of service that says we don't want the agent from your rival vendor using our system as well. Are those just politics? Is that negotiation? How's that going to work? &gt;&gt; There's only one thing. It's it's customers. I mean customers have to have the the customers will have the leverage eventually and if the customers in a in like a market mechanism don't have the leverage the government will step in and do antirust I mean the reason we have the reason we have a software industry &gt;&gt; do you know why we have a software industry &gt;&gt; because customers finally got fed up with IBM and said you have to sell software operating systems and applications independent from the hardware. So this is like 50 60 years ago 70 years ago IBM is like you know there is no software there is no applications there's this IBM box and you get it and we are technology and customers want a choice and finally the government stepped in and said you got to split it up got to have operating systems you got to have hardware you got to have software and so I think similar thing it's like yeah of course every big vendor that's trying to protect their entrenched things whether it's Microsoft with their new bundle where they're trying to lock everyone in they're going to say you know it all has to be on our thing and you can't use your you can't use other agents against our agents because our agents are better because they have our data and our workflow and ultimately it's it's going to be customers that demand change and if there's so much you know monopolistic lock in that, you know, we have to rely on regulators to come in and fix it. Well, I do think this is history that you've just made. You're the first CEO of a multi-billion dollar enterprise software company to advocate for vigorous antitrust enforcement and decoder. So, I'm just going to hold that close to my heart. Uh, I do think &gt;&gt; if if the market doesn't work, if customers can't force the choice, &gt;&gt; I do think the sort of like preagan antitrust environment that led to IBM being unbundled is very different than today. But we will set that aside. Uh, &gt;&gt; but I didn't impress you with my historical reference. &gt;&gt; It was very good. Again, the reason I didn't answer your question correctly is I'm very surprised that you went to antitrust. That doesn't usually happen on the show. Uh, isn't there going to be just some weird pricing war in the middle of all that where Microsoft says, "Sure, let your other vendor's agent into 365. We're just going to charge you a massive access fee to do it." &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that's very likely. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Do you see that playing out now or you just see it on the horizon? &gt;&gt; I don't. Not yet. What is happening now is that people are just getting familiar with the call it the the siloed agents. they're just getting familiar with the agents in Microsoft or the agents in Salesforce. We're not really to the we're not really to the phase yet of really multi-silo agents agents that can go from stove pipe to stove pipe and and do these in cases there are but we're that agent or that era is still ahead of us and I think as you get more to that era some of these issues have become more significant &gt;&gt; isn't that and again just to bring this back to open cloud which I think probably most of the audience is most familiar with that is the promise of that system right that's why it lit everyone's brains up because it was running just from system to system and then doing some logic and coming up with some outcomes. &gt;&gt; The thing about that and a lot I think a lot of these trends and ideas remember is like that you know no one cares about the infrastructure. No one cares about the well this is obviously a dramatic statement. I'll explain what I mean but people care about the app in the sense that they care about what it can do. And the reason why uh openclaw was such a lightning in a bottle is because they saw what was possible. They saw what it could do. Now, the fact that it had to do that by connecting to all these systems and it required access and there were security issues, it's like that's infrastructure and people, you know, that once their mindset gets set on the possible, then it's then it's up to industry to figure out how it all works under this covers, but people care about the possible and the apps. Um, and I think that you're going to see it ripple through. Um, I think it's it's like I said, I thought it was the chat GPT of agents and it's very exciting. So you're kind of saying now is the time to build the guardrail and make sure these actually work. Can I ask you about the flip side of that? You know the promise of agents broadly AI maybe broadly is we will we will remove these intermediaries, right? The thing I keep saying is that your computer will just go access the databases all on its own. You don't need these app intermediaries or whatever and we're going to reshape the app economy. Then I look at, okay, there's a bunch of scammers online who are just setting up like fake hotel service numbers and calling grandparents and like stealing bookings with like AI receptionists by just doing SEO hustles and collecting pennies. And like Octa has a role to play there too, right? By saying, "Okay, this is fraud. This is scam. You shouldn't hand over your identity here." I'm not sure anyone is paying attention to that, but I see it ballooning every day. Like just AI powered scams and frauds and identity theft. The idea that, you know, someone's going to call me and verify me by voice is under threat by AI in very specific ways. How do you see the flip side here of making sure that the core business octazin, which is making sure it's a real person doing the thing they're supposed to do at the right time, isn't just totally upended by the amount of AI powered fraud that's occurring. 40% of our business is uh authenticating and validating customers logging into you know customer websites and mobile apps and this area is is changing a lot with AI as well and I think what you're seeing is that the offline identity driver's license passports these these are rapidly digitizing and I think it's coming at a great time too because it gives us a a something to offer people that really want to do a better job differentiating between agents and openclaw uh and bots logging into their sites and real people. And so as the offline identities digitize, people have mobile driver's license. The smartphone wallets are getting pretty capable now and they can you can do fancy things just like you do Apple Pay, you can do you can do a biometric authentication into your mobile driver's license and then that becomes a very powerful thing to present to a website that will actually prove you're a person um or you know in a better sense than was possible before. So, it's a big deal. Like, people need to really know in certain use cases when it's an agent, when it's a bot. This bot problem is is not new. Um, it's like the old the old problem on Twitter and X and you know, Elon Musk is is on trial for talking about bots and how many bots there were. And now, I think with AI, it's becoming supercharged. And I think with what we have with these um these, you know, national IDs and passports and mobile driver's license being digitized, we might have a a shot to actually bring some sanity to that world. &gt;&gt; There's some real debates there, right? About privacy, about surveillance, about &gt;&gt; Yeah. What does it mean to actually digitize identity from a like a credentials perspective? &gt;&gt; Are are you guys in that mix? Is that something Octa is actively thinking about or you waiting for that to sort itself out? I mean governments are deciding and governments are uh deciding on that they want to digitize they want to issue these passports and these national IDs and in Europe it's certain standards across the EU in the United States it's very much at a state level um and our customers are really excited about it and we're giving them all the capabilities to take advantage of this stuff without really specific judgment about um how they should do it. We're just trying to arm them to make sure that they can accept all the, you know, regulatory requirements and also all the identities and the digital formats that their their users and their citizens want. So, it's a big part of our future and we're working hard on that. &gt;&gt; Right next to that is, you know, there's a big fight over age verification in the United States and the app stores and who gets to use what apps. Discord just had a big controversy because they went to an outside vendor. People had a lot of feelings about that outside vendor and Discord rolled that back. Are you seeing any of that controversy come your way around age verification? &gt;&gt; We work with the vendors that that are trying to log people in and they want the best tools and technologies to to do age verification. So, we're going to make sure we equip them with that. It's a lot of times not a technical issue. It's like, you know, it's like what what ID system do you trust and is there an ID system for someone that's 12, 13, 14 years old. And so it's I think one of the challenges it's been out of the scope of a lot of the driver's license based or you know passport national ID based discussions but I think that'll be a use case that'll be um covered I think by governments fairly quickly. &gt;&gt; Do you think it's possible to do age verification and still protect people's privacy? &gt;&gt; I do. Yeah. There's technical solutions but there's also um process and um regulatory regulatory parts of it. I think ultimately the most privacy preserving thing is like no technology. Um, so there's going to be a trade-off if you if you are trying to automate something and you're trying to bring technology to something. You're going to there's going to be a risk of centralization and privacy controls, but I do think it's possible to get the balance right. &gt;&gt; It it seems like that's just the other front, right? The computers are going to get way more capable on their own, and then we are very interested in limiting what the people can do with computers and like very specific ways. And it does seem like you sit at the the middle of it. So Todd, we're gonna have to have you back. I I feel like there's there's yet more emotional crash out for me to have with you. Tell people quickly what's next for Octa. What should they be looking for? &gt;&gt; I think they should be thinking about the how they build the secure agentic enterprise and how they can use the blueprint we're proposing to the entire industry and how to make that possible. We're excited to work with everyone in the industry and particularly the tools and technologies and products we're going to be building to make sure that reality comes to fruition. &gt;&gt; Amazing. Well, we like I said, we're gonna have to have you back to see how all this is going because it feels like it's going to change really fast. Thank you so much for being on Decoder. &gt;&gt; Thanks for having me. &gt;&gt; I'd like to thank Todd McKinnon for taking time to join Coder and thank you for listening. I hope you enjoyed it. Let us know what you thought about this episode or really anything else at all. You can drop us a line. You can email us at decodertheverge.com. We really do read all the emails or you can hit me up directly on threads or blue sky. If you like decoder, please share with your friends and subscribe wherever you get your podcasts. Dakota is a production of the Verge, part of the Vox Media Podcast Network. We'll see you next time.
