---
ticker: OKTA
type: youtube
title: "Okta CEO on the hidden dangers of AI agents in the workplace"
channel: "Yahoo Finance"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8n1uQBEpMjg
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 29895
---

# Okta CEO on the hidden dangers of AI agents in the workplace

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Yahoo Finance
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8n1uQBEpMjg

## 转录全文

All right, welcome to a new episode of the opening bid unfiltered podcast. I'm Yahoo Finance executive editor Brian Sazi and like I always say, this podcast will make you a smarter investor period and uh the podcast has hit the road again. This time to San Francisco Dreamforce. I think this is my sixth or fifth, maybe seventh Dreamforce, whatever it is, it all has just merged together and it's just uh a lot of cool thoughts on technology and you never know who you're going to find here at Dreamforce. And this year we got Octa co-founder and CEO Todd McKinnon. Todd, good to see you here uh at Dreamforce. Not your first clearly. &gt;&gt; It's great to be here. &gt;&gt; You were at the first Dream Force, right? &gt;&gt; I was at the first Dream Force. &gt;&gt; What was that like? &gt;&gt; Uh it was much smaller. &gt;&gt; It was uh I remember it like it was yesterday. The spirit, the energy was the same. &gt;&gt; It was just, you know, 400 people instead of, you know, 50,000. &gt;&gt; There was no AI. &gt;&gt; There's no AI. &gt;&gt; We had the internet. &gt;&gt; We were actually trying to get people to use enterprise apps on the web. That was the big pitch. You can do it all in a browser. You can do enterprise technology just like Amazon. That was the pitch. &gt;&gt; What did you do? What did you do at Sal? &gt;&gt; I ran engineering. That was the I was hired to be the first before I I joined Salesforce. The one of the co-founders, Parker Harris. &gt;&gt; He's still still at Salesforce today. He was running engineering and I was the first non-founder running engineering. In 2003, there were 15 engineers at Salesforce &gt;&gt; in those early days. And I'm I'm not trying to date you. I'm not like at all like what were you what would the head of engineering do like what were you trying to build &gt;&gt; this it was going to start to scale so the company was really working the revenue was 100 million and growing quickly and we really needed to take the engineering to see from 15 to 500 which is what we did over the next five or six years so it was really about scale hire people um you know it was really working customers were getting value from it the cloud was starting to take over it was about scale scale scale grow &gt;&gt; how did you know I was excit exciting times in those days. How did you know that you wanted to have found octa? Like what was that light bulb moment? &gt;&gt; It was a continuation of that progress. We our industry saw this wave of the internet and the next wave after the internet was cloud computing in the enterprise. And I saw this opportunity to build what really would become an essential service if companies and organizations and people were going to adopt cloud computing. And that was identity. This identity layer was critical to secure it, to make it easy to use, and to help take all the legacy stuff on premise, all the databases, all the servers and move it into the cloud. It was a huge shift that took the industry 10, 15 years, and now we're on to the next shift. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it feels like I mean, I was just here last year. We were over there, crowds were same size. Um, but Salesforce had just launched Agent Force &gt;&gt; and I had never seen anything like that before. Now a year in now it's really spread through organizations like what type of what is this technology doing to a company like octa and how are you changing? Well, I think it's everyone is incredibly excited not just for the progress we've all had with agents in the enterprise and seeing the automation and seeing the business metrics especially in you know something Salesforce is very strong at which is customer support and automating support workflows and you heard the announcements today about voice about what what agent force can do with voice now it's gamechanging in the call center but I think the more exciting thing is the all the other places it can apply to and really automating your entire company process from your products to your uh go to market funnel, your top funnel, uh how you prosecute sales leads, how you equip your sales team to better go after um new customers, how you onboard the customers, how you support the customers end to end. I think that's, you know, as much progress we've made, we're more excited about the all of the areas that this technology can revolutionize companies and help us grow and help us decrease costs and help us win against our competitors. It's that's why everyone's walking around here so excited. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I can't believe how fast things are moving. And I'm not in the tech industry like you are. Are you surprised by how fast the pace of innovation is going? &gt;&gt; It's it is uh both um exciting and unnerving at times. I think we got to remember that we this is a a this is the biggest platform shift since the internet since you know the mid9s and late 90s and 2000s. This is the biggest shift. It's bigger than mobile. It's bigger than social. It's it's massive. And but it's not it's not like it's happening on it's building on those foundations. So when you see apps like ChatGpt get to 800 million users, it's because everyone has a mobile phone. When you see companies innovate and build out amazing technologies, it's because we have clouds from Amazon and Google. When you see enterprises deploy agentforce at scale, it's because they've spent 10 years putting in Salesforce.com and unifying their data silos and on and on and on. So in a in a sense every revolution should go faster because it's building on the on the uh infrastructure and the facilities and the capabilities we learned in the last revolution. So it's like we all need to keep upping our game and and and remember that it's it's it is a revolution but it's not the same revolution. It's a new resol revolution and it's kind of inspires us all to work harder and go faster. &gt;&gt; What unnerves you about this particular moment? Is it uh AI guardrails? Is it the valuation some of these private companies are getting? or is it just all of it? &gt;&gt; I think it's the biggest thing for for companies I think is balancing what got them to where they are versus what they have to change to be better and revolutionary. So like at Octa, we've we've spent we we grew up revolutionizing identity in the cloud and helping companies adopt the cloud and helping companies adopt platforms like Salesforce and being that trusted source of identity inside of companies for people and customers and employees and and and external uh partners and then making sure that that's works across not just access management but all of the categories of identity from governance to privilege access management And really we're selling something new. It's a new category of identity. It's called the identity security fabric. You can think about it as before uh Salesforce defined the category of CRM. There were separate categories of Salesforce automation uh customer support marketing and then there was a new category that came along called CRM which which encompassed all of it. So that we're doing the same thing for identity. It's it's it used to be privilege access management, identity governance and there's companies that specialize in that. We have this new thing for the world. It's this identity security fabric and it takes all of the identities, all of the use cases and all of the resources in a company and makes sure they're all secure. So that's amazing. But at the same time, that fabric has to work with this new revolution, which which this is this agentic revolution. So from a company perspective, how much time do you spend on perfecting this concept of a fabric versus actually supporting agents in the fabric? Because every customer wants both. They want complete coverage. They want, you know, what you've been doing, but they also want something totally new, agents in the fabric, and they want governance, visibility, and control for their agents. So, how do you do both? And I think where a lot of companies trip up is they they don't get that balance right. They don't focus enough on the new or they focus too they divert too much focus from what they've been doing and and leave the the core of what they've been doing to maybe languish. And I think striking that balance is something we try to get right. Well, Mark uh Mark Benny off in his keynote he really laid out the next iteration of agent force and how he's going to deploy it inside of companies. What is that have you seen a pickup in your business as look not only Salesforce a lot of its competitors also rolling out various agents. Have you seen that correlate to more business for Octa? &gt;&gt; Yeah, so this is this is a the biggest platform shift since the internet and I think with every platform shift customers want three things. They want innovation. They want to they want to like I was saying they don't want to be left behind in their old core business their old they don't want to be wedded the old ways. So they want innovation. They want the new thing. They also want security. They want to make sure I mean we you know we're spending $200 billion a year as a cyber security industry and there's still breaches. So we need security. So innovation security and and they want they want control. They want to be in charge of their own destiny. So you see that with this agentic revolution as well. People want innovation. They're getting a ton of innovation from Salesforce. They also want security. They want to make sure that if they use Salesforce's infrastructure or other infrastructures, it's all secure. And they also want control. And this is the key part because they want to have flexibility to as the technology is moving so quickly and as everyone's coming out with new things all the time. and they want to be have freedom and flexibility and to be able to choose the best innovation because we all know fundamentally we're going to want security and control. But we're probably going to want to be make different choices from different vendors as everyone innovates. We know that there's going to be many vendors that power the AI revolution. You see the announcements all the time. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I think even like William Sonoma had a a chatbot called Olive. &gt;&gt; I guess you go to the website and you can find a recipe or it just is wild. &gt;&gt; Well, they have to, right? Because you know uh William Sonoma Restoration Hardware is going to do it better, IKEA is going to do it better, you know, all these companies are investing too and when IKEA invests or restoration hardware invests or William Sonoma invests, they all want those three things. They want innovation, they want security and control. What we found is that by by making sure this concept of the identity security fabric extends to this agentic revolution, we can solve these fundamental problems that every customer is going to have security and control while giving them the choice to choose the best platform for them to get that innovation. &gt;&gt; You mentioned uh voice and it's good to see I guess agents finally talking. How important is it that these agents do talk and it actually works? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Do you do you let me ask you a question. Do you use how much do you use voice on your phone? Use it all the time? I barely ever use it. I'm still texting. Uh I'm not the person that will &gt;&gt; talk into my phone and text and send it. It just doesn't work right yet. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I think that's changing. I'm very excited about the innovations in voice. I think the reason you and I don't use voice on our phone a lot is because it's never worked very well in the past. &gt;&gt; Horrible. &gt;&gt; You know, you ask your phone for something and it says like I can search the web for that. &gt;&gt; Like thanks, I didn't need that. I didn't need your help for that. I could do that myself. But if you think about what these uh models are doing now with voice, it's amazing. This is back to the customer support thing and the c in the automating the support center. I mean if you now we have real voice that works and understands you and can take action. It's like pretty amazing. I think that's going to come to all of our devices whether it's our phones, whether it's our call centers, whether it's our computers. &gt;&gt; I still yell when I call when I need phone service. I'm still yelling at I recently called up my financial manager person and I I guess I got an agent or or someone &gt;&gt; that's a lot of pressure managing the finances of the guy from Yahoo Finance. &gt;&gt; Talk just give me somebody to talk to, man. Like it all worked. I &gt;&gt; you just call say person person that's &gt;&gt; that's getting better, Brian. That will get better. &gt;&gt; Customer service, please. &gt;&gt; We some sometimes in this revolution we forget the basics like we forget that you can take a self-driving car. You can this voice is going to work. &gt;&gt; I just wanted to be consoled a bit. I didn't want an agent doing it. But like how I mean that is important like voice is the next iteration. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It is. It's it's power one of the powerful enabling technologies and it's one of those things that's happening very fast and the reason that we can get voice into all these modalities is because we've spent all this work updating the call center software. We've gotten you know billions and billions of mobile phones everywhere that can run these um voice capabilities. So that's why it's everyone's running to keep up and take advantage of it. &gt;&gt; All right, hang with us to we're going to go out for a quick break. We'll be right back on opening bait unfiltered. [Music] All right, welcome back to Opening Bid Unfiltered. We are on the road again. We don't do it often, but when we do, we do it right. And we are at Dreamforce uh the 23rd Dreamforce. And we have uh someone here who's at the first one. Uh now, what 23 years later? He used to lead uh engineering at uh at Salesforce. Now he's Octa co-founder and CEO Tom McKinnon. And I should say you found Octto a while ago. So this is like, hey, I founded this thing tonight. &gt;&gt; I just I we got some good idea, Brian. years ago. &gt;&gt; Let's go and do it, man. &gt;&gt; 16 years ago. &gt;&gt; It's wild. Like, so as you look into, you know, for your business next year, like what are your big home run bets? &gt;&gt; Making sure that everyone understands that there's a new way to buy identity and to use identity. It's not in this siloed world of you buy customer identity and access management and privilege access and identity security on all these siloed solutions. Companies have too many identity vendors. Everyone wants to consolidate where it makes sense and our pitch to them is you should consolidate on identity. First of all, it's it's possible and you can get real business benefits by consol consolidating on this concept of an identity security fabric. You can get real benefits. I talk to companies all the time that have 50 identity vendors. So, this is like &gt;&gt; why do you need 50 identity? &gt;&gt; It's because it's it's grown up peace meal. There's hasn't been a big player that could serve all the use cases like octacan. And then you get a big company that has different departments and divisions that have had distributed IT and they bought their own solutions in different parts of the company. Pretty soon it adds up quickly. And so you could you can consolidate on identity and it gives you huge benefits. You get reduction in cost. you get clear line of sight to how you can roll out new technology because whenever you roll out something new like agent force 360 or all these amazing innovations the first thing you got to do is make sure you can get it into everyone's hands securely and making sure that the access rules are defined and that the the AI agents are only accessing the right data so you can deploy identity identity or you can deploy innovation securely and then the third thing is that you get you get just across the entire board you get a better cyber posture you know We're we're spending too much money on cyber to still have all these identity based attacks. Every week you hear another headline about u a massive identity based data breach. &gt;&gt; That's because it's so distributed. You think? &gt;&gt; I think it's because it's too complex. Companies they see identity security is a game about having no gaps or no crevices for the for for the the hackers to break into. And that's the hard part. It's the comprehensiveness of the coverage. It's not enough to just defend your most secure applications and services. you have to defend everything because they'll break in in the cracks and in the wedges and then move laterally. And so that's why this concept of an identity security fabric is so important. It comprehensively covers everything. It it's and that's why it has to be integrated from one vendor. It's not, you know, you need to be able to if you know the left hand has to know what the right hand's doing from a from a security defenses perspective. If there's a threat in one part of your organization, the rest of your organization needs to be defended based on that threat. And when you have distributed identity solutions, it's too isolated and they don't get that combined benefit. &gt;&gt; I uh I remember talking to you and you were going through some some growing pains a couple years ago. Um but your company now seems to have real momentum like it's it's really turned. I wouldn't say on a dime, but it's turned. Like what did you learn in those moments of challenges that have set you up for where you are now and where you're going next year? I think Octa is is a lot like Salesforce in the sense that Salesforce is 26 years old and it's been this it's been reinventing itself but it's always in the same fundamental message which is um no software cloud computing innovation should be focused on business value. Oct is the same way. It's about it's about identity is a fundamental uh premise and fundamental part of any technology stack and we're going to be the best identity company. We're going to stay focused on identity. We're going to make sure it's connected to everything. And then as the next revolution comes along, at first it was cloud computing and then it was mobile and now it's agents and AI. We're going to be the best player and the best identity provider in that environment. We're going to stick to our stick to the basics, the foundation, but we're also going to make sure it works great in this new environment. And that's, you know, that's what you want, right? You want a consistent strategy over many years that the company diligently keeps working on and keeps getting better and better and better and pretty soon you wake up after 16 years in the case of Octa and and you really have something. &gt;&gt; Wow. Um, you know, I think somewhat lost a little bit in this dream force so far is Mark donated, I think it was $39 million to local schools to help usher in AI. you know, from your vantage point, like how is the school system, whether it's college, high school, what how are they equipped to handle AI? I know you're a very philanthropic person as well. &gt;&gt; Well, I think it's it is the tip of the spear in terms of training the next generation and making sure they adopt technology. And the good news here is that we we have a pretty capable uh young, hungry, innovative group of people in these students. So, in some ways, training a student to use AI is the easiest thing in the world. It talks to them. It works. Yeah. Exactly. It's it's flexible and malleable and they don't they don't have these preconceived notions about how everything can do. They just look at their phone and they think it can talk to them, you know, like unlike us. We look at our phone and we're skeptical. &gt;&gt; Well, what happens I'm glad you brought that up. Then what happens to us? I guess I am now of the generation of I'm an us. I'm a little bit older. I mean, I'm using this AI, but maybe not at the pace as a 15year-old or 20-year-old is like what happens to our worker generation? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I think we have to adjust. I think we have to adjust. It's very important. And I think in technology, it's um we kind of especially compared to other industries that have, you know, have been the same for many many years. Technology is always changing to some degree. This is a big change and the latest change, but I think in technology and and in even in media as well, talking about an industry that's been through a lot of change, it's about adjusting and staying flexible and you know, bringing in people that have new ideas and um making sure that your your preconceived notions are are questioned and and but again, it's not as simple as just throwing out everything. That's the tricky part, right? It's like, you know, you know, half of the stuff you probably have to reinvent. You might not know which half. So, it's about having an open mind, bringing in people that have a different perspective, and then, you know, being critical and smart about what you keep and what you remove. It was just as simple as like throwing out everything. &gt;&gt; It'd be easy, but it's more complicated than that. You have to use your judgment and use your &gt;&gt; um, you know, your best instinct to figure out what you should keep and what you should change. &gt;&gt; You mentioned uh just a moment ago uh attacks and the risks to companies from uh bad actors. Jamie Diamond and JP Morgan investing $1.5 trillion over 10 years. I think that was the number for critical industries. Like how at risk are our critical industries? I mean when I saw that number from Jamie and his team I was like wow it's really big number like there's risks here. &gt;&gt; We have to do a better job and that's why we're so inspired at Octa because a lot of these cyber attacks are identity based cyber attacks whether it's stolen access tokens that are used to compromise systems across the industry. It's or whether it's a software vulnerability that leads to an act a user identity that's compromised that then leads to further breaches. We're on this mission to eliminate these identity based attacks. If we can eliminate identity based attacks with great identity systems and better cooperation across the industry to decrease risks and increase effectiveness, that's a real thing. That's a real benefit because the more the more and more we rely on these critical systems, the more and and we have to because the potential and the business value and the impact to all of our organizations is so high. But the more we do that, the the higher the stakes get and the more we have to make sure we invest in making sure things are secured and covered. And that's that's what fires up us and drives us all the time. &gt;&gt; Like what real like what is the real risk? Someone attacks a a nuclear reactor. Like is that a real thing that I need to be worried about? &gt;&gt; I think there's risks in critical infrastructure. I've &gt;&gt; seen a lot of nuclear reactors. The first that came to my head. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean people and in in some ways the an industry like critical infrastructure has been dealing with these systemic risks and the and the and the massive impacts for many many many years. And I would argue that other industries that are really newly being totally automated are even more at risk because they're not used to locking things down with the importance and the priority that critical infrastructure is used to be is used to being locked down with. So you have a process that all of a sudden is um you know you're used to calling support agents in a call center and there's always kind of been someone on the phone that could kind of filter and and make some judgment calls about what's happening. Now you automate that complete process. there might be another angle there for someone to take advantage of that. So, it's things that are being newly automated or newly uh digitized or you know um automated with AI might be the most concerning in terms of where to focus our time and where to focus our attention. &gt;&gt; I wanted to leave a little time for some fun ones. You and I always get shot of account. You come on for earnings at 7 minutes and then this is great. Spend more time. &gt;&gt; So, here's a fun a couple fun ones. First, tell me about and this is something I've never asked you about. Tell me about the PowerPoint you presented to your wife. Yeah. &gt;&gt; When you started Octa? &gt;&gt; Well, when I started Octa, I was working in Salesforce. had this great job and got really excited about doing something new on my own. And my wife is very uh she's very a little bit riskaverse and at the time we had a six-month old baby and she was pretty skeptical about me leaving my job. So when I came home and told her I was leaving, she reacted very viferously in a negative way. Um there may have been some expletives dropped there. &gt;&gt; Fair enough. &gt;&gt; Um and so I had to make her a presentation to argue my case. And if you look back at it now, it's pretty funny because um a lot of the things it's very precient, right? It says, "Oh, cloud is going to be the next transition and there's going to be massive companies made in this time period, etc., etc." But it also was, you know, not so appreciient because I thought the biggest, most successful Octa would ever be would be maybe, you know, worth $100 million. So, I was got some things right and I got some things wrong. And luckily, she was super supportive. And um, &gt;&gt; have you had to update the PowerPoint since or just sits somewhere in a file? It sits it sits for posterity as a as a as a reminder of uh even if you get things right about the future, you're all should be humbled because you never know everything that's going to happen. &gt;&gt; Is that one of the tips I guess you would give to an entrepreneur if they're watching this? &gt;&gt; Share things with your partner like is that bring them into the process because look 16 years of what growing octa nothing's in a straight line. I think yeah, I think that the the the thing that I noticed with entrepreneurs is that they just the ability to embrace the unknown and to to kind of roll with you don't know what's going to happen and you can try as hard as you want, but you have to embrace uncertainty because you don't know what's going to happen. You have to get a lot of things right in terms of hard work and strategy, but a lot of it is is up for chance. There's timing. There's risks you haven't foreseen. And just re, you know, releasing that sense of control and going for it is the hardest thing to do. It was the hardest thing for me to do. And that's the advice I give to entrepreneurs is like, you're not going to be able to control all the factors. You just have to give in and release into this uncertainty and unknown and charge for it as fast as you can and try to make something happen. &gt;&gt; One thing you can control is your CrossFit times. You're also a big CrossFit guy. Um, you and I have to exchange texts. I'm I'm training for High Rocks next year. Very excited about that. Um, what made you get into CrossFit? For me, it was the it was the um I liked learning new things. There's all these new movements, all these new things I'd never done. I've been a runner and I'd played basketball a lot. I rode my bike, but I'd never done, you know, Olympic lifting or a bunch of gymnastics stuff. And then it was also just the how quantitative it was. It was all everything was tracked. You you went to the you know, I would I used before CrossFit, I used to go to spin spin class. &gt;&gt; You a big spin class guy? I used to be. Used to be. Yeah. And I I could never tell who was winning. Yeah, &gt;&gt; I'm in this spin class and I'm like I know I'm doing more than all these people. I'm not. And so with CrossFit, you also knew I didn't always win, but I knew who was winning. &gt;&gt; You were really good. I mean, you &gt;&gt; not at first. &gt;&gt; Took me a while, Brian. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, what you know, how has that played, you know, your focus on CrossFit or health? Like, how has that helped you in your your CEO life from day to day? &gt;&gt; Oh, I don't I think I don't know if it helps. I think Well, maybe it it decreases stress. Yeah, &gt;&gt; I think it's like, you know, I go to the gym, I just feel physically better. I I I get all those endorphins rolling and I feel my mind is cleared. I have more ideas. Um it's just it's like just physically and mentally it makes me feel a ton better. I think, you know, in terms of like, you know, CrossFit and and doing what I do in CrossFit, it probably has um I probably take it into an extreme versus more of a more balanced like measured. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um but I think that stress relief is really valuable. &gt;&gt; Any big competitions for next year? &gt;&gt; Um every year I do the CrossFit Open and try to do as well as I can there. &gt;&gt; Any uh last any big tip for me as I enter the world of competitive something? I think high rocks next year. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think you have to uh make it painful. &gt;&gt; It has to hurt. &gt;&gt; Trust me, &gt;&gt; if it's not hurting, you're not going fast. &gt;&gt; There's a reason why I'm not lifting up my arm right now. Um &gt;&gt; T, it's good it's good to see you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, nice to see you, Brian. Thanks for having Oct co-founder and CEO Tom McKinnon. Good to talk some CrossFit, some security, uh and a little bit of life. I appreciate it. &gt;&gt; All right. Uh thanks for uh always tuning in to the opening bid unfiltered podcast. Continue to hit us with those thumbs up and all that love on social media. It makes me better at doing these interviews. We'll talk to you soon.
