---
ticker: OKTA
type: youtube
title: "Okta Stock Analysis 2026: Disaster or Hidden Opportunity? (Post-Earnings Update)"
channel: "Victor H Investing"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaUn3Gtpfxk
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 8132
---

# Okta Stock Analysis 2026: Disaster or Hidden Opportunity? (Post-Earnings Update)

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Victor H Investing
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaUn3Gtpfxk

## 转录全文

Octa announced their earnings and has given me a fresh set of financials and a real update on where their business is headed. Octa along with a lot of software stocks has been caught up in a story that's really brought down their stock price. The story is that AI is going to hurt software businesses because AI makes it a lot easier to develop software. And I think that's a fact. But some businesses their specialization their knowledge in that particular area really makes a difference and customers are not going to switch from those products very quickly. The changeover cost is too high or maybe it's too risky or maybe it's too difficult. Octa operates in a space of security of allowing multi-system authentication. So you can go in in the single sign on experience with Octa and log into multiple systems that a company provides that saves employees a lot of time. Imagine employees having to search for their passwords for 15 20 minutes every day be frustrated really disrupts their work stream. So Octa is a necessity. So I wanted to go through and see what the company announced in their earnings. see if there's some good news, some bad news, and see why the stock is really rallying today after the stock announcement. If you look at where they're at, they have 20,000 customers, which is impressive. Their customers are spending more than $100,000 with them. 55,100 customers are doing that. And they've been growing their revenues steadily year after year. And the current announcement basically shows that in the rearview mirror, they have been growing their revenues. that hasn't slowed down. And in the guidance and the forecasts that are being put out there, the revenue will continue to grow and this business has really good desirable gross margins, net profit margins, and free cash flow. They also have a very good balance sheet. So overall, this is a really strong business. In the earnings announcement, it really was a good announcement showing that, hey, they're growing by 11% topline growth. Their profitability is where it needs to be. their free cash flow came in a little lighter than what I was expecting, but my previous valuation on the company showed that the stock was really discounted. So that drop in free cash flow was not that big of a drop and it really didn't change the conclusion that it continues to be discounted. Overall, the future looks good for the company. I don't think AI is disrupting their business here in 2026. The Octa stock is up 8% today. I'm creating this video an hour and a half after the market opened and it is it is a down day on the stock market by the way. So for the stock to be be up 8% is pretty good. Over the one year the stock's down 28.5 because of the AI is going to hurt software stock story. And the longer that these software companies continue to put up numbers like Octa just did, the less investors are going to believe the AI story that hey AI is going to really disrupt these businesses. So good job for Octa doing their part on showing that these software stocks have longevity. Octa is a small cap 13.7 billion. The forward PE is 20. The current PE is 59. Analysts do think there's a big discount on this stock. Let's look at their forecast. So, we are operating in the year that's going to end January 31st, 2027. They're going to grow 11% this year. And look at their profits. Really going to jump. So, that looks really good. Next year, they're going to grow by 9.4%, 7.8, and then 11%. In the year after that, grow by 7.6%. So, we're seeing positive growth for four plus years. That looks really good. If they're able to execute on this, they're going to bring down their PE ratio into the teens and their profitability is really good. Really good gross margins, really good net profit margins, really good free cash flow. So, I think this stock will be recognized by the market and the market will buy it up. This is also a really good acquisition target because single sign on stocks like Octa are probably a good addition for companies like Google or Amazon or other companies that have bigger establishments. let's say a salesforce, they could acquire a business like this and and add it to their uh software product uh catalog. I completed a valuation of Octa using their most current numbers from their financials that were just provided. And the free cash flow just creates a value for Octa that is much higher than their current stock price. And this is the number one metric that I look at when I invest in a stock. It's the one number one metric that investors like Warren Buffett, Pat Dorsey, and many others, they'll look at the intrinsic value based on free cash flows. It's a really discounted stock for sure. When we look at earnings per share, I would say that, you know, it's probably closer to fair value. If they continue to increase this earnings per share, I think it will continue to add more value to the stock. But for now, I think it's priced with a small discount based on earnings per share. When I combine the two, I get a 48% discount, which is a very good discount on Octa. This is a smaller stock. It has a little more risk to it and we'll see if they can continue to prove the AI story wrong and that they will continue to grow their business. How desirable is the octa business. Let me do that and compare it to a very desirable business in Microsoft. Microsoft, if you look at the moat for Microsoft, they are number one as a software company. They're humongous and they continue to grow really fast. Their network power is immense. They're everywhere. Their balance sheet, I gave them a B because they're spending so much on that data center, but in most cases, they're an A. Revenue growth is exceptional, growing 20% plus, and they're such a large business. And their profitability is high. Cash flow is also very good, but they are a little lower now with the data center spend, but they still score an 84, showing that they are a very desirable business. Octa competition wise, I think what they do, they do it very well. They do single sign on. They've been one of the innovators in the space. So, I'll give them a B. Network. They really don't have any network power. They actually are a single product company. So, I would have to give them a very low score. No points for network power. Their balance sheet is very good. And their revenue is good. It's not great, but it's good. Their profitability is also very good. And their free cash flow is very good. So, they score a 66. And they're in the gray. Being a great company means that they are a company I can invest in, but I have to buy at the right times and have to sell at the right times. It's not like a Microsoft that heck you can own it for 10 years likely do really well with the stock because it's such a desirable business has a strong moat. Octa on the other hand I don't think their moes as strong as Microsofts. Octa is a good investment for me. I am an investor in Octa and didn't see the whole AI story being so damaging to software stocks. So I'm actually underwater on Octa. I think the Octa stock is being underestimated and I think it's going to do well going forward. I'm going to hold my stocks and continue to add Octa shares on sell-offs. It's not going to be a big position. I'd rather own a more solid diversified business like a Microsoft or a Salesforce, but Octa is a good addition to my portfolio. It is a buy in my book. We'll continue to accumulate some shares in Octa. So, that's my review of Octa. Glad to see this small cap is doing well. Again, it's a down day on Wall Street, but this stock's going up nicely, and I'm glad to see that. I'm also glad to see that Octa is proving the AI story is going to hurt software stocks story wrong. That hey, they're putting up great numbers and giving evidence to investors that software stocks are going to continue to grow. They're going to continue to grow their profits, cash flows, and they're going to continue to grow their value, and they are going to be a very good investing idea for long-term investors. Thanks for watching. Good luck with your investments.
