---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: TTD
title: "The Trade Desk CEO Jeff Green breaks down big picture outlook on ad tech"
channel: "CNBC Television"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: UteiyX2td6Y
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UteiyX2td6Y
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# The Trade Desk CEO Jeff Green breaks down big picture outlook on ad tech

**Channel**: CNBC Television  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UteiyX2td6Y

## Transcript

YEAR, AND JULIA JOINS US WITH A  SPECIAL GUEST ON THAT. >> HI, JON THAT'S RIGHT I'M JOINED BY THE CEO OF THE TRADE DESK, JEFF GREEN THANKS FOR JOINING US HERE FROM  CES. YOU HAVE BIG ANNOUNCEMENTS HERE, BUT I WANT TO GET YOUR BIG PICTURE OUTLOOK ON WHAT'S GOING  TO HAPPEN WITH THE AD MARKET THIS YEAR. THERE'S SO MUCH TALK OF A  CONTRACTION. YOUR PLATFORM IS A PLACE FOR BUYING AND SELLING OF DIGITAL  ADS, PARTICULARLY PREMIUM  DIGITAL VIDEO CONTENT. >> FIRST OF ALL, THERE'S SOME  AMOUNT OF PRESSURE ON EVERYBODY  IN THIS ENVIRONMENT. AND OF COURSE, ADVERTISING IS  SOMETHING THAT CFOs AND CMOs LOOK AT AS SOMETHING THEY HAVE TO MAKE EVERY DOLLAR COUNT THAT'S WHERE WE COME IN AND DO A VERY GOOD JOB OF HELPING CMOs BE DATA DRIVEN. WE ALSO HAVE THIS AMAZING  SECULAR TAILWIND AROUND  STREAMING, WHICH IS WHEN CONSUMERS ARE UNDER PRESSURE,  THEY WILL OFTEN LOOK AT THEIR  SUBSCRIPTIONS AND SAY I WOULD  RATHER SEE ADS AND PAY LESS, AND AS A RESULT, WE GET THIS SECULAR TAILWIND ACTUALLY ACCELERATE WHEN THERE'S ECONOMIC PRESSURE SO IT COULD BE HARD FOR US TO  SEE WHAT'S HAPPENING ON THE  MACRO BECAUSE WE BENEFIT SO MUCH FROM EVEN THOSE SMALL  ADJUSTMENTS. >> YOU'RE BENEFITTING FROM THE LAUNCH OF NETFLIX WITH ADS AND DISNEY PLUS WITH ADS OVERALL, ARE YOU ALREADY STARTING TO SEE BRANDS SPEND LESS OR BE MORE CAREFUL ABOUT  WHERE THEY'RE SPENDING >> THEY'RE DEFINITELY BEING MORE CAREFUL ABOUT WHERE THEY'RE  SPENDING WHAT WE'RE SEEING IS A LOT OF  BRANDS BEING CAREFUL NOT TO  SPEND AS MUCH ON UGC >> USER GENERATED CONTENT. >> USER GENERATED CONTENT. THINGS LIKE TWITTER, PINTEREST,  YOUTUBE, AND INSTEAD MOVE  TOWARDS MORE PREMIUM CONTENT AND BECAUSE THOSE PREMIUM CONTENT  PROVIDERS ARE GIVING MORE  OPPORTUNITIES TO ADVERTISE AND YOU'RE ASSOCIATED WITH PREMIUM CONTENT, THE ADS ARE BIG ON THE  SCREEN THAT CAPTURE YOUR ATTENTION. THERE'S A LOT OF PEOPLE IN ADVERTISING THAT ARE FLOCKING TO THAT >> LET'S TALK ABOUT YOUR ANNOUNCEMENTS HERE FIRST, YOUR ANNOUNCEMENT WITH  PARAMOUNT. YOU ALREADY HAD A DEAL WITH  DISNEY TO SELL ADS ON THEIR  DIGITAL PLATFORMS. WHAT'S THE NEWS WITH PARAMOUNT >> WE HAVE BEEN WORKING WITH THEM ON THE AD SIDE. WE'LL CONTINUE TO EXPAND THAT. THIS IS PARTLY ABOUT THAT  EXPANSION AND ALSO ABOUT USING A CURRENCY FOR THE INTERNET CALLED UNIFIED ID WHAT THAT DOES IS MAKES IT POSSIBLE FOR US TO PROVIDE BETTER PERSONALIZATION ON  PARAMOUNT, THE SAME WAY WE DO ON DISNEY AND MANY OTHERS WE WORK WITH ALL THE MAJOR PROVIDERS. WHAT THAT DOES IS MAKES IT SO  THE ADS ARE MORE RELEVANT TO THE PERSON WATCHING. >> YOUR OTHER NEWS HERE IS CALLED GALILEO A NEW TOOL TO HELP ADVERTISERS GET AROUND SOME OF THE LIMITATIONS THAT GOOGLE IS GOING TO BE PUTTING ON THEIR ABILITY TO TARGET. >> YEAH, SO WHAT MANY OF THE BIG TECH COMPANIES HAVE BEEN DOING IS LIMITING THE ABILITY TO USE THEIR DATA IN ANY CAPACITY SO WHAT'S HAPPENING IS ADVERTISERS WHO HAVE LOTS OF DATA ABOUT THEIR CUSTOMERS THAT  THEY BUILT RELATIONSHIPS WITH  THEIR CUSTOMERS OVER OFTEN DECADES, THEY WANT TO PUT THAT TO WORK SO THEY PROVIDE  PERSONALIZATION TO THEM AND  PROVIDE RELEVANCE TO THEM. SO IT BECOMES MORE IMPORTANT TO  USE THAT FIRST PARTY DATA NOW  THAN EVER. IT'S MORE VALUABLE NOW THAN  EVER GALILEO IS A VERY STREAMLINED  WAY FOR THEM TO PUT THAT TO  WORK, USING THEIR PARTNERSHIPS AND INTEGRATIONS WITH COMPANIES  LIKE SALESFORCE AND SNOWFLAKE  AND OTHERS >> FOR PEOPLE WHO HAVE BEEN  WATCHING THIS INDUSTRY, GOOGLE IS EXPECTED TO GET RID OF  COOKIES IN 2024. SO MAKING IT MUCH HARDER TO  TARGET CONSUMERS THIS COMES AFTER APPLE MADE IT MUCH HARDER FOR THE LIKES OF META TO TARGET CONSUMERS THAT WAS ONE FACTOR THAT WAS REALLY WEIGHING ON META SHARES MY QUESTION IS DO YOU SEE THESE  CHANGES COMING FROM GOOGLE BEING AS DAMAGING FOR THE LIKES OF META AND SNAP AND OTHERS AS  APPLE'S CHANGES WERE >> I DEFINITELY DON'T THINK THAT THEY WILL. BUT PART OF THAT -- PART OF THE  THING THAT IS DIFFERENT FOR US AND FOR OTHER SEGMENTS OF THE AD ECOSYSTEM IS THAT THERE IS COOKIES THAT AFFECT THE BROWSER  WEB, BUT SO MANY DOLLAR HAVE ALREADY MOVES TO IN-APP AND  MOBILE WHICH HAS A DIFFERENT LIMITATION AND THERE'S ALSO  STREAMING. BECAUSE OUR FOCUS IS ON  STREAMING, IT'S IMMUNE TO THE  PROBLEMS OF COOKIES AND BECAUSE  ALMOST EVERYTHING IN STREAMING YOU LOG IN, PERSONALIZATION IS AVAILABLE ON ALMOST 100% OF WHAT HAPPENS IN STREAMING >> DO YOU SEE THE AD DOLLARS COMING TO YOUR PLATFORM, ARE THEY MOVING OVER FROM  TRADITIONAL TV, TRADITIONAL  RADIO? >> IT'S REALLY FROM ALL OF IT. THERE ARE THOSE YOU CAN'T BE VERY DATA DRIVEN IN DIGITAL. THOSE MOVE OVER. THERE ARE THOSE WHERE YOU CAN'T  BE AS DRIVEN IN TRADITIONAL  TELEVISION, WHETHER THAT'S BROADCAST OR ANY FORM OF TRADITIONAL MEDIA. THOSE ARE MOVING OVER AS WELL  IT'S COMING FROMARVE WHERE BECAUSE OF THE FACT IT'S DATA  DRIVEN, IT MAKES IT POSSIBLE FOR PEOPLE TO BE MORE RELEVANT FOR LESS >> LOOKING OVER YOUR STOCK CHART, WE SEE THE STOCK DECLINE  AS WE GET NEWS, EVERY QUARTER  YOU HAVE SEEN IT DECLINE AS YOU  HAVE GOTTEN THE NEWS OUT FROM  META AND SNAP AS THEY HAVE BEEN  TALKING ABOUT THEIR CHALLENGES IN THE AD MARKET THEN IT GOES UP ON YOUR OWN  EARNINGS NEWS BUT IT SEEMS TO  SUFFER AS THE BROADER MARKET INDICATES CHALLENGERS. WHAT ARE INVESTORS GETTING WRONG ABOUT YOUR STORY >> THEY THINK WE'RE ALL IN THE SAME BUCKET OF AD TECH OR TECHNOLOGY COMPANIES THAT ARE FUNDED BY ADS. AND WHAT WE DO IS WE'RE A BUYING PLATFORM TO HELP PEOPLE MAKE BETTER DECISIONS ABOUT WHICH PLATFORM TO BUY ON WE'RE NOT A DESTINATION. SO IF SNAPCHAT LOSES USERS, THEN THEY'RE GOING TO SUFFER. BUT THAT DOESN'T HAVE ANY IMPACT ON US BECAUSE WE'RE REPRESENTING THE BUYER, HELPING THEM SELECT ACROSS MILLIONS OF WEBSITES AND  HUNDREDS OF STREAMING SERVICES ALL AROUND THE WOR
