---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: TTD
title: "HUGE BUY! I OWN TRADE DESK (TTD STOCK)"
channel: "UNRIVALED INVESTING"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: 1gIYIPs-nC0
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1gIYIPs-nC0
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# HUGE BUY! I OWN TRADE DESK (TTD STOCK)

**Channel**: UNRIVALED INVESTING  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1gIYIPs-nC0

## Transcript

Just earlier this week, Jeff Green, the founder CEO of the Trade Desk, reported a 148 million purchase in the open market for the shares around 6 million shares of TTD stock around 24 $25 per share. As Peter Lynch is attributed to have said, insiders sell for many reasons, but insiders buy for only one. And so it is super interesting to see Jeff Green, the founder, buy this monster position. It's a big bet. And this isn't the only insider buying. At Flash, our free-touse AI assistant, looking at companies anywhere around the world, uh we now have insider IQ, so that way you can get detailed reports on some of these companies where management is saying, "Yeah, we think our stock is cheap and we're backing it up with our own wallet." So check that out if you're interested. See the link below. I personally have a stake in the trade desk. I've owned it for several years. And you might point fingers and say, "Haha, Daniel, it's been on a terrible ride lately." And we'll talk about that in a second. But for full disclosure, it I think is one of my smallest positions, well under 1% of my portfolio. The cost basis is under $5 per share. So it's been I've held it for many years. And the point being is I actually sold sold most of it probably about five years ago. So it's been sort of this tracker position waiting waiting and waiting for that signal where I go okay now I could feel more comfortable scaling it up. And I think that's a big part of what this video is about saying okay well the competitive dynamic may have gotten worse. That I think is a true conclusion from you know when I was first buying shares years ago. So I think the competitive dynamics have gotten slightly worse. However, you still have a founder in charge. Yes, you've had CFO turnover. You know, in the last year, you've seen, you know, CFOs come and go, which I don't like to see. But I think now you are starting to get to this point where barring some sort of macro event which one could argue we might be on the precipice of. You know certainly looking at what what's going on with oil prices. Barring that sort of negative macro event, there's a good chance this works out quite well from here. And it does have me sort of scratching my head thinking, should I be scaling it up? Because it's still that small position. and I still own a stake in it. Uh I have recently called out one on this channel and one exclusively for my subscribers stocks where I go okay I am buying more aggressively because it passes the checklist and it you know it smells right and even if there's some sort of macro even if there's some sort of uncertainty with AI I'm comfortable with it. I think the AI risks with the trade desk, I'm not super worried about it, thinking about their business model. And so, let's let's go through this video talking about the trade desk, thinking about where it potentially goes in the years ahead, uh, and and how I'm thinking about it. And as always, if you enjoy content like this, I make exclusive videos for the subscribers at unrivalinvesting.com for when I am buying something. So just this past week there was something that I is higher conviction that I much higher conviction that I have been buying and I so I called that out to my subscribers. So if you enjoy videos like this check that out and so over the last 5 years the trade desk stock is massively underwater and so this is not what you want to see. From peak to trough it's something like 80 to 90% draw down five years down you know nearly 60%. And so that has a lot of investors going what's going on? especially because the underlying fundamentals keep getting better and you can see their revenue just up and to the right. That's what I want to see. Lots of free cash flow, lots of profitability and you know it's impressive to see 95% plus customer retention for the past 12 consecutive years. I mean this means you have a platform, you have a product where customers say this is very valuable, we are sticking to it. That 95% plus retention shows you there's something special there. Now it doesn't mean that when you have a customer like one of the ad agencies that work with the trade desk doesn't mean all their business is going to the trade desk. So they can keep a customer and then give less money to the trade desk. So there is that dynamic. It is you know it is important to understand the language you know when management talks about 12 years 95% plus customer retention and you know to understand this business the trade desk super simply you know you're focusing on the demand side it's a demand side platform it's a self-service platform that enables advertisers and agencies to buy digital ad inventory and this is navigating a super complex environment display video connected TV audio and it's about programmatically bidding across this open internet earning fees. This is the trade desk is about earning fees based on what the the clients these advertisers these agencies are willing to spend. So you know the way to think about it is for every you know the they're getting about 20% the trade desk is getting about 20% of what the advertisers/ agencies are willing to spend. So that's that's the cut in terms of the revenue how you're thinking about it and they're operating in this monster market. Now management says look advertising as a altogether is a trillion dollar market and getting bigger but I think it is important to focus on what's relevant for them their addressable market versus the total market and the addressable market is really about this open internet the open internet now what do I mean by that that's inventory let's say outside of Google Meta Amazon which all have their own walled gardens and when you look at the open internet which is shy of $300 billion Arguably, the trade desk has about 5% market share. Ballpark figure. You know how to think about it. Now, you might say, "Well, okay, Daniel, you've pointed out several of the good things about this business. Growing revenue, lots of free cash flow, founder le, founder buying a lot of stock. So, why is the stock hammered?" Well, a lot of different reasons. One of which is this is I think is the key part of it is that the growth has just decelerated so fast so significantly in short order from 25% revenue growth 19 18 14 and now an outlook for 10%. And that does reflect you know a concern you know is it possible competitors are now starting to take your lunch? Is it possible uh that there's something going on in the industry that's hurting them? And management does talk a little bit about this. So, we're going to talk about what what are some of the yellow flags management has called out that has hurt their results. For example, when you're thinking about an advertising business, well, you should ask yourself, is it a political cycle this year? Because, you know, during political seasons, you're going to get a lot more money. And so, that's coming up. 2025 wasn't a heavy political cycle. So, 2026 will be with midterms. So, you should see a little bit of an uptick there. So, that is something to think about. But either way, this is a pronounced deceleration. And when you have a stock at a valuation that is very rich, you can't afford to have this type of deceleration in the results. And I think, you know, if you if you check out my videos over the past 5 years on this channel, you'll have noticed that I've called out the valuation multiple times. So, anyone else that's been pounding the t the table saying, "Hey, the trade desk is a great stock." You need to marry whenever you have a a great stock you or a great company, you got to marry it with valuations and say, "Hey, does the valuations also support that this could be an enticing return?" And clearly not over the last 5 years. And I I challenge you to find a video where I'm like, "Hey, it's it's now dirt cheap." And I I haven't said that once looking at it. Each time I was sort of like, you know, not quite there yet. Still super cheap, crazy expensive at one point, you know. So it's it's this is this is a byproduct of being at a hyper rich valuation while still growing and growth decelerating. That's really what you're seeing. Now there are some other competitive pressures that have gotten really pronounced and noticeable. Amazon has their own demand side platform and Amazon's ad revenue is growing at a fantastic clip. I mean it's a 21 billion business for them growing 20%. you are seeing faster growing growing ad tech businesses that have super high margins looking to expand arguably into their territory and then the walled gardens you know the Google the Facebook Amazon they're arguably taking share from the open internet so these these are real competitive pressures that the trade desk faces and then you have some sort of macro within that such as the consumer goods and Auto also being weak this past year. And when you look at consumer goods and auto, management said it's around 25 30% of their business. You could see spend by industry. It's a huge impact to this business. And they're saying look, it's because there's inflation, consumer pressures, tariffs, cost of living increases. And as a result, these two core categories are just spending less, you know, on this sort of brand awareness. And if you back that out, we would have been closer to 5% higher growth. Now, personally, when I start seeing that type of like, hey, if these customers hadn't stunk, we would have been amazing. That truthfully sounds more like excuses because Amazon's posting 20% plus. You know, Google, Meta, they're delivering fantastic numbers. And the truth is the trade desk is the slowest grower among them. That should be a red flag. And that's part of the reason why I've been hesitant to scale it up. Even as I've watched the stock fall, I've been waiting for a signal because I'm seeing this trend. Last few years, the trade desk has been the fastest grower or among the fastest. There have been the occasional adtech players that are faster than them. I own another adtec player that is growing much faster than them. different slightly different business model and so you know it is important to be aware of the environment and when I'm looking at the trade desk it's sort of gone from this like you're crushing it you're you're growing way faster than the this walled garden space to something's not quite right and you're making excuses which is not frankly not what I like to hear now they can prove it with their results management also making a point saying look Amazon the Amazon gets a lot of talk because they've winning some share in the as a demand side platform, but they they tried saying, "Look, Amazon's really not that much of a competitive threat." And they did a sideby-side test with an appliance manufacturer, testing the Trade Desk versus Amazon's Demandside platform. And they found that the Trade Desk was able to reach 70% more unique households because we gave them access to a much wider range of relevant touch points. that's about their retail market or their retail data place. And we'll talk about that in a in a second. So, not only 70% more households, but also a 30% lower cost to reach those consumers. So, the Trade Desk platform performed about six times better in terms of delivering their campaign goals for this appliance manufacturer. And so, they're saying, "We stand toe-to-toe and we're much better than Amazon. don't worry about their growth. And they're also making the point that long-term, you know, we're not prioritizing our own impressions, our own ad inventory because we don't we don't own any. Whereas Amazon, that is clearly a conflict of interest and they might win share now and they might be growing better than us right now, but long-term the mega brands are not going to want to seed that business because they're going to say, "Wait a second, you're you're owning both the demand and the supply side because you're selling, you know, ad space for your own inventory. you know, is this a conflict of interest where we're not getting the best results. Could we get better results with an independent player? And that is part of what makes the trade desk, you know, shine out. And it should translate into the numbers. That's that's the red flag for me is this deceleration suggests, wait a second, there might be some issues here. Now, should we buy with Jeff as he just bought nearly $150 million worth of his stock? And I love seeing a founder buy shares like this. I I mean I I think it's fantastic. First of all, none of this is financial advice. Full disclosure, I do own a small stake in the trade desk trying to figure out if I should scale it up. Also, Sebastian H, a premium member, wrote, "I wish I was a member of Unrivaled 3 years ago. It could have saved me from a lot of poor stock picks." This follows Joe R. Daniel. Thank you for all your insight. I've made almost a million dollars following along with your investing journey. As I mentioned earlier, if you're looking for compelling ideas, I do exclusive videos just like this, except [snorts] it's just for the Unrivaled Investing community where I'll go like, "Hey, this is the company I'm buying. Here's why I think it's, you know, high conviction for my own personal journey, and let's walk through it in this video exclusive for the members at Unrivaled Investing. We also have a community. we're, you know, answering questions and, you know, folks say, "Hey, what what about this aspect of a company or could you make a video that goes through these dynamics?" That's where we have the the give and take where I can try to answer questions that the unrivaled members have, the unrivaled nation has. So, let's let's think about the trade desk and what's driving it in the years ahead. It's important to recognize traditional TV buying, the cost per impressions, you know, when you're using things like age and gender, you know, and and what time the TV is scheduled, that is going to get a much lower dollar cost per impression versus something that's more data driven that's using real measurement, real time optimization. And this is the reason why I'd argue there's a tailwind as more money, more advertising inventory goes to connected TVs. This is an inherent tailwind that the trade desk gets to benefit from. This is a structural tailwind in the years ahead. More and more of that ad spend going to the open internet going to things like connected TV buying. So I think this is a driver for the trade desk. And earlier I mentioned you know that they have effectively a data marketplace where their advertisers their agencies can leverage the data that they offer saying hey you know you could sign up for these different packages and this gives you access to something like over 80% of the sales from top US retailers. And there's a lot of clever ways to try to h handle this because Google and Apple they're always changing privacy settings getting rid of cookies. So the trade desk launched their own unified ID which is really about creating sort some sort of anonymized profile based on your email address or your phone number that can say hey we we're sort of creating this mosaic based on this email that can say oh you probably shopped here you probably bought these items so that way it's easier to make an effective marketing profile and that that was the point that you know the trade desk management was making on the call on why they go toe-to-toe with Amazon saying, "Look, when you have all this data, there's a good chance we can figure out what people want." Now, once again, this this doesn't fully capture, you know, all the data because this is US retailers, you know, does it talk about what's online spend because Amazon, you know, clearly has a a large part of the pie and, you know, that's not included here. So there's there there are some aspects to this where it's it's not perfect and that is you know it's something to think about of will the trade desk eventually start growing as fast as Amazon's ad business? Will that happen again in the next year or two? I think if it does it changes my outlook on the company, but right now it's been decelerating so hard it does give me pause. And that deceleration and that scale of Amazon's ad business makes me think advertisers are just saying, "Hey, this is just worthwhile for me to spend here with Amazon. Like we Amazon knows their customers. They know this prime customer base and this prime customer base is super likely to shop and buy these items. Why not get in front of it? Get that ad space. That's a better dollar spend even if it's all within the Amazon walled garden versus this sort of open open internet." So that that is something to think about which is yes the trade desk makes a compelling case for why they're unbiased and they're it they're not selling their own inventory but it should translate into the numbers where they're growing among the fastest. Another tailwind that they have arguably is the expansion internationally. Right now nearly 90% of their sales comes from North America but only about 40% of global ad spend is in North America. So as they capture more of the remaining 60% that's international easier said than done because it's you know diversified across a lot of different markets you know their international revenue should grow from you know 10 14% to you know maybe higher over time maybe closer to 20 30% over time but I would argue that is another potential tailwind for them a third potential catalyst is partnering with these different AI platforms that are exploring advertising and opening AI has hundreds of millions of users and they've talked about looking to potentially partner with the trade desk to work with, you know, they're generating ad supported revenue. Now, this this combined with the insider buy is part of the reason why the trade desk stock surged uh earlier this week, but I think folks are saying, well, maybe maybe it got away ahead of itself because, you know, it's it's going to be a while before OpenAI is arguably generating tens of billions of dollars in ad revenue and it's, you know, it's potentially flowing a good chunk of its, let's say, flowing to the trade desk. You know, we're we're probably, you know, at least a few quarters away from from some sort of scenario like that. Either way, whenever you mention OpenAI, it does get folks excited or any sort of AI platform, especially one of the frontier labs. So, as I look at the trade desk, running it through my checklist, you know, management alignment, obvious growth, compelling valuation. Let's go through it. Let's think about it. So, management alignment, you know, as as we think about management buying $150 million worth, founder still running it, I think check. And I I love to see that type of insider buying, especially at scale. that is that is not just some sort of token symbolic purchase. That is a allin I'm taking my cash and I'm I'm plugging it in. So I I very much like to see that purchase around 24 or $25 per share. I think that does reflect that Jeff Green thought that shares were quite cheap. Next in terms of the obvious growth, we talked about that, you know, a minute ago. I say the picture has gotten much harder to say, hey, this is going to be a 20% grower over time. There's a chance that this is closer to a 10% grower like management has talked about for this first quarter where they're saying, yeah, because the weakness in consumer goods and auto might be closer to 10%. So that just that delta from 20% to 10% is important to think about. It's important to sort of weigh that into the analysis. And so from a compelling growth perspective, I think 10% is sort of my minimum threshold when I'm thinking about compounding and the businesses I want to own. I want at least that sort of 10% compounding. Uh and so I'm I'm looking at this and you know, I'd say I'd say I overall I think it passes. I just don't like seeing that so many players are growing faster than them combined with the macro uncertainty of hey if there's ever a recession because you know there's a blow up in the credit market the private credit I've done a couple videos on that if there's a blow up because oil prices surge 40% in a week I mean these things can trickle into the economy and I frankly I kind of expect they will and so in that case do you really want exposure to ad ad budgets we can hammered in a recession. So that's another reason why it gives me pause still thinking over a let's say 10-year period I think the growth does if I if I have to say yes or no on obvious growth over the next 10 years and that factors in that there's a recession some point in there in 10 years from now do I think they are bigger and I think yes I think it would pass but it's it's with less confidence than some of the other positions that I'm buying to to be 100% straight with you. Now, what about that compelling valuation and this is from Flash. Once again, see the link below. It provides quite a range for where the stock can go over the next 5 years. And it's based on, you know, the assumptions that we're talking about is what's the growth that you think over the next 5 years. Its low case is very conservative around 6% over the next 5 years and it assumes margins sort of collapse from a teens perspective to closer to 10%. So that is a hefty haircut versus you know maybe they grow 15 to 20% plus in the years ahead and then some sort of multiple contraction. In that super bare case then you're talking about something like an $11 per share. So still a lot of downside. This is once again leveraging AI to say the scenarios whereas more of a bull case is saying yeah maybe this is something like a hundred plus stock over the next five years. Personally I think my cases are more centered around the base scenario and that's what you see here. This is hypothetical of course stock prices can go higher or lower for this next year. I'm saying yeah that guidance for the first quarter I'm assuming that's the low. I think it probably picks up. Keep in mind fourth quarter this is this is a seasonal business where fourth quarter matters way more than the first quarter. So if they talk about 20% type of growth in the fourth quarter partly because of political spend then I think this thing you know there's a good chance this resets. I also think margins could be much higher than where they currently trade and I think it's important to bake that in when you're valuing it. Now maybe that's not conservative enough. Maybe you know [snorts] the the more conservative approach is assume margins shrink from here. I I I think that's too conservative. I think this is still a thriving enterprise with lots of potential. I think they've had some bumps that they've hit recently, but I don't I don't view this as a dying enterprise. I view this as a company that's still growing, still has the potential to take share and using various different scenarios. It's getting to very reasonable type of riskreward. This is sort of at the low side of what I like to see where I'm saying, hey, in my low scenario, I'm getting sort of a mid single digits. My ideal is when you start getting high single digits on on the low scenario that's being, you know, some sort of conservative take. And then the base and high is assuming, you know, let's say closer to, you know, 15 to 20s type of return over time. The annualized type of return. Once again, that's hypothetical. It depends on how does management execute. It depends on macro factors. You know, if there's a sharp recession because oil or stagflation because oil there's an oil shock, that will not help the trade desk. Full stop. Like if if if what happens in the Middle East plays out for the next few weeks would not surprise me at all if the trade desk is lower in the next few weeks. you need real fast resolution what's going on with the straight of hormuz and the mount of amount of oil that's being sort of clogged up right now in order for a lot of businesses not to be shocked in the next few weeks. So that is something for investors to think about. I hope this video talking about the trade desk this monster insider buy has been helpful for you. Uh if you're looking for more ideas looking at leveraging AI to look at any company in the world check out flash. And if you want to know more about my personal journey and if you like videos like this where I go, hey, this is the stock I just bought. Here's why. Check out unrivaledinvesting.com. Thanks so much for watching.
