---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: GRAB
title: "This is Why I'm Bullish on Grab Stock ($GRAB)"
channel: "Pay Me in Dividends"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: vTX3_LHjfuQ
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vTX3_LHjfuQ
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# This is Why I'm Bullish on Grab Stock ($GRAB)

**Channel**: Pay Me in Dividends  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vTX3_LHjfuQ

## Transcript

What is going on y'all? This is Pay Me in Dividends. Welcome back to the channel. In this video, we're going to do something a bit different from our usual high yield ETF, you know, dividend stock type of video, right? So, in this one, we're going to look at a growth stock that I have a lot of optimism in if you're willing to hold this long term. Now, obviously, this is not financial advice, but this is a stock that I want to tra I want to talk about because if you've traveled in Southeast Asia, you know, Grab, right? And as somebody who frequents Asia, um you know, I'm very familiar with this app. Uh [snorts] pretty much what it is is it's a super app for rides, transportation, food delivery, payments, and a lot more. and I use it all the time when I'm there. And that realworld usage is a part of why I see it as a strong longterm hold. All right. So, first we're going to look at uh just a couple of things that they've uh you know been uh out in the news for. And the first one is um you know they have their first full year of uh profit, right? Net profit. And basically what this does is it shows you that they're now profitable. Right? At first they were operating at uh a loss like many companies do in the beginning when they are building their brand and in 2025 they've they've you know finally became profitable uh around $200 million in profit. All right. So the revenue hit around 3.37 billion as you can see here in this article. up around 20% yearoveryear and the demand is just increasing. All right. So, uh they've also crossed around 50 million monthly transacting users which is a massive scale in a region with a huge population and um a lot of potential growth. All right. Now, the second big announcement is that they have a $500 million share repurchase program. Basically, what they're doing is they're buying their own shares. All right. So, they have a strong uh uh um you know, cash liquidity around 5.4 billion according to a few different articles. And the management is basically putting their money where their mouth is. All right. So buying back these shares uh is basically an event that returns value to the shareholders and will signal confidence in the undervalued stock. All right. [snorts] And then the third announcement is uh if we type Stash in here, they actually purchased let's see if we can find an article. Well, we can look at this article right here and we can basically see that um you know they're buying Stash, which is a financial app. I'll be honest with you, I'm not very familiar with it, but I think it's something that a lot of younger people use. And um you know, they basically bought it around 425 million or that's how much Stash was valued at. I'm not really quite sure. We don't really know exactly how much they paid for it, but we do know Stash is valued around that. And so now, um, you know, they're they're going to own it, which is very interesting cuz Stash is a US company. All right. So, you can see Stash uh brings automated investing and personal finance tools into Grabs ecosystem uh with a focus on AI with a AIdriven portfolio. Now, this is interesting because again, Stash is a US company. Remember, Grab is a is is technically like a Singaporean company. Stash is US. And I'm not sure if they're looking to integrate like the financial uh uh uh side of things from Stash into the Grab app or if they're just going to keep it two uh separate applications. But nonetheless, it's going to be interesting because it seems like Grab is trying to go beyond just transportation and things like that, which they already do, right? You they do lending on there. They do insurance on there. So, they do so many different things. And they have such a big moat as far as market share. Like, I'll give you guys an example, right? There's a couple other apps that you can use when you're in Asia. One of them is called Boat, B O L T. Uh, but it's just not as big, right? I mean, I'd imagine probably 70 80% of people who are in Southeast Asia, whether they're local, I think local people probably use boat a little more just cuz it's a little bit more affordable. But I think generally speaking, Grab probably 70 to 80% of people use Grab. Uber is not a thing in Asia, so that competition is out of it. Actually Uber owns a big share of uh Grab because in 2018 they pulled out of Asia because Grab had such a dominance and so instead of you know keeping their business in Southeast Asia, Uber pulled out and then they invested their own money into uh Grab stock. So I just thought that was something interesting to um you know to mention and it just shows like they don't really have a lot of competition in Southeast Asia. All right. So, again, just a few different things in the news. You got the share buyback buybacks, which is typically a good sign. It means that the company is [snorts] uh confident in their in their own ability and they're very cash heavy. Um [snorts] they've also acquired this uh you know, Stash uh fintech company and uh they had their first year of uh profitability. Now, if you look at the stock itself, obviously it's not trading, you know, at a at a crazy price. If we max out the chart, you know, they IPOed, it looks like back in 2020 going into 2021. So, it's not like this stock has been in the market very long. Uh, you can see the 52- week high is at $6. And, you know, over the past year, it's just kind of been floating from five to $4 up to six, back down to four. So, I think right now is a great opportunity to get in at a low price. But this is one of these plays where this is not like a day trading play. This is not a swing trading play unless you're into that. But I think this is more of a long-term hold. This is something that you, you know, you pick up shares at a cheap price right now and uh you hold them for three, five, 10 years. And um again with all the moves that they're making, all the confidence that they have in themselves with the share buybacks and acquiring other companies and things like that, you know, I think that they're going to uh I think the share price will eventually reflect it. It seems like the share price is a bit suppressed at the moment uh considering all of the news and um you know how much market share they have in Asia. Cuz again, as somebody who actually is able to see how this app functions in real time, I'm telling you guys right now, if you've never been to, you know, Thailand, Vietnam, the Philippines, Malaysia, any of these countries, I'm telling you right now, it is the all-in-one app. Everybody uses Grab. You see Grab drivers all around the street. Uh you can not only order food, but you can order groceries. You can you can order something, give it to the Grab driver and send it to a friend. Uh there's money lending on it. There's insurance on it. Um there's just so many things on that app um that go further than just, you know, transportation and and ordering food um that I think it's an interesting plane. I think it's worth uh you know, picking up some shares for the long term. Again, not financial advice, but just something that I wanted to put on your radar because I know uh, you know, for the most part here at this channel, we talk about, you know, dividends and high yield dividends and cash flow, which I'm still uh very heavily invested into. Uh, but I also want to make sure that uh I have a growth uh uh, you know, sleeve in my portfolio. Um, I have a sleeve that tracks the index like the S&P 500 and then I also have my my dividend ETFs that are providing that cash flow. All right, so you guys let me know in the comments, have you heard of this stock? Uh, are you familiar with using it? Have you traveled in this region and uh have actual real life experience with it? Um, or do you not believe in the stock? Let me know in the comments as well. I would like to hear everybody's opinion. All right. So, uh, as always, I appreciate you stopping by the channel, and I will catch you in the next video.
