---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: GRAB
title: "GRAB Stock Analysis 2026: Why the Gojek Deal Failed & What’s Next"
channel: "The Market Monkeys"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: ty_hqKZNsdM
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ty_hqKZNsdM
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# GRAB Stock Analysis 2026: Why the Gojek Deal Failed & What’s Next

**Channel**: The Market Monkeys  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ty_hqKZNsdM

## Transcript

Exactly one year ago, Julia, my co-host and I, we have discovered Grap while we were in Indonesia. So, we were impressed by the company. We were very much impressed by the operation of the company and how they are in Indonesia. So, when we got back from Indonesia trip, we started looking at the financials of the company and we started to be impressed even more. This company also offered something pretty unique. they have offered diversification from the US stock market. So we have decided to invest in grap and we actually called it our number one pick for 2025. Now we have invested in grap in two different ways. Julia she decided to invest long-term. She had bought stock of grap. I looked at the grap and I have decided that I see a lot of catalyst for the company and I have decided to buy call options for GROP with the strike price of 75 per share. As you already understand my options never got to 72 but when they were at 6 something 620 something like that I saw that the stock price is not going anywhere. So I have decided to just sell my options. I sold them for a very nice profit and this is it. This is our situation right now. Julia still holds her stock and to be honest, I wanted to kind of revisit the last year and take a look at the Grab as a company one more time because again, we really like this company and I'm really thinking about getting into Grab again. So this video is the analysis of the latest information from Grap, their earnings, all the gossip around them, target price from analyst and kind of my thesis about when to start investing in Grap again. Hello and welcome to the market monkey channel. My name is Vadim. Today we are talking about Grap. So let me begin what Grub is as a company. Grab is a company from Singapore. They are a multinational company. They operate in all the Southeast Asia. The company is fairly new, so it's fairly young. It's from 2012 and the company started as a ride hailing business and then it got to delivery. So basically they were the Uber of Southeast Asia and then they just got into so many businesses. In 2017, they got into payments after buying an Indonesian startup named Kudo and then they got into fintech and right now in 2026 they acquired US investment app. So they got into investments into US markets. So basically they are the what is called a super app. One app where you can do pretty much everything starting with getting from point A to point B to delivering food to paying for stuff to buying insurance getting loans just basically everything you need. One more important thing to know about Grap and everything that is going on in this business segment of Southeast Asia is that it has a rival company which is called Gojack or Go to part of the Goto group. Gojack is Indonesian company. It also operates as a right hailing business and the delivery business also a super app mainly in Indonesia but also in the countries around Indonesia. The market cap of Grab is something around 178 to20 billion. Market cap of Gojek something around $10 billion. So they are comparable in size. Now for some time now there are rumors about Grub buying Gojek and effectively getting a monopoly on all of these sectors in Southeast Asia. And this was my thesis for investing in Grub in 2025. I thought that the deal is going to get closed and that the grab stock is just basically going to explode on this deal and we have seen so many preparation in 2025. We have seen grab accumulating more and more cash balance to go with this acquisition. We have seen deal with Indonesian government about Indonesian wealth fund being part of this deal so that there won't be any antitrust issues with this deal. We have seen SoftBank pressuring goto CEO to actually go ahead with this deal and the deal never happened. And I think for 2026 the momentum of this deal is kind of going away because all this crazy cash balance that Grab has. Grab started kind of using this money for other things. So they have bought a US startup investment app which is called Stash. they have bought it for something like half a billion dollar. Another half a billion dollar Grab had allocated for buying back its own shares. So little by little, Grab is finding a usage for this money. And maybe it's okay. Maybe it's fine that Grab will not go ahead with this huge deal because these deals are risky. And as Julia mentioned in couple of her previous videos on Grabb, usually these deals are not as successful as they seem to be before they are getting closed. Now, Grab's financial results are just a dream of a long-term investors. For example, last quarter Grab's revenue grew by almost 20%. This year, the revenue grew by 20%, the guidance for next year is that the Grab revenue will grow by 20%. And for the next 3 years, yes, they have issued guidance for the next three years. The guidance is for grabb revenue to grow 20% a year. So basically, it's just growing all the time. And 20% is a lot. It's a good growth. Adjusted Eida for example this year grew 60% and they are projecting that for the next 3 years it will grow between 40 and 44% a year. So Grap is profitable. Grab is growing. Its price is is pretty okay. And the last thing left to check is what Wall Street analysts are saying about the grab. And recently we have seen a couple of upgrades from big companies. So Bank of America had upgraded Grab to buy and they have put a price target of $6.2 per share. Something called Benchmark. Sorry I have no idea who Benchmark is. they have maintained the buy rating and put a price target of $7 per share. For me personally, I don't have a position in Grab right now, but I have to say that I will be looking probably to enter a position. If Grab gets to ridiculous territory, something like $3 per share, stuff like that, I think I will be tempted to actually go and maybe again buy some call options because I really think that one huge catalyst and Grab stock can just fly into the territory of 7 8 9 10 per share. Now, Grab is not the cheapest stock in the world because for the growth that you have and for the margins that Grap has, you of course have to pay. And recently, especially since the beginning of the Trump administration, you probably heard that more and more investors are trying to diversify away from the US stock market. The problem is you don't have a lot of big companies or big stocks outside of US. And from what I have heard, Grab became almost like a default stock for people to diversify away to. And I think this is one of the reasons why Grab is not cheap. So Grab is profitable and it's has AP ratio. It's non-GAAP for trailing 12 months is 63 and it's usually around 60s. forward is a little bit less but still you pay a lot for diversifying away and you are paying a lot for kind of big company with big growth. Hopefully this video was interesting for you. We actually really like doing videos about Grab. We think it's a great business. The only thing left is wait for a great price to buy this great business. So if you like this video, drop us a comment, press a like button. Don't forget to subscribe to our channel and we will know that you like this kind of content and we will make more videos about grabb. Thank you for your time and we will see you in next video. Take care.
