---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: GRAB
title: "2 Growth Stocks to Buy with MASSIVE Upside!"
channel: "The Patient Investor"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: 8mtzobeWRYQ
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mtzobeWRYQ
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# 2 Growth Stocks to Buy with MASSIVE Upside!

**Channel**: The Patient Investor  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mtzobeWRYQ

## Transcript

In this video, I'm going to analyze two very popular retail investor stocks with massive upside potential. Especially the first one is a very, very interesting bet. I've been personally researching it a little bit more and I'm loving it very, very much. The second one is a stock that I don't like too much, but I still believe it has a lot of upside. It's a popular retail investor stock, and I want to talk about it again, and I'm going to try to keep it short as always. So, I really hope you enjoy it. The first stock is Grab. Grab has been a disaster over the last 5 years. It's down 61%. It was too overvalued, too overhyped. Recently, it's up about like six or 7% over the last year. But there now, it's a very different company. It just turned profitable and things have been improving in general. Now, for Grab, you could think about it as the Uber or Lyft of Southeast Asia. They have a mobility business, they have a delivery business, and they also have a financial services business. So it's more of a super app than just a delivery app or a ride sharing app in general. They operate in Thailand, Myanmar, Malaysia, Singapore, Cambodia, Vietnam, Philippines, and Indonesia. And this part of the world is rapidly growing with their GDP growing 8.2% for Vietnam, Singapore at 4.2, Malaysia at 5.2, and Indonesia at 5%. So you have massive growth in this area, good demographics, great people and it's a great great place in the world in general with massive massive growth and much lower penetration in terms of delivery and mobility versus the west and even versus China in general. Now Grab does have some competition in those five key markets and they have Shopppee food which is a big one. They have food panda which is a massive player in the food delivery space in Southeast Asia. But if you look at the market share of Grab, most of those markets they have 50 60 65% market share. So they have a good market share in those areas and it's been expanding over time. As you can see on this chart, it's it's been expanding relative to other players. So this is really really good from Grab. In terms of total revenues, it has grown 17% yearonear. It's has been decelerating, but 17% is not too bad. Adjusted Ibida has grown 51% year-on-year. Pretty amazing. The financial services segment has been exploding for Grab 35% year-on-year growth. Loan portfolio is 65% where they have buy now pay later and certain loans within the super app. And uh unfortunately, it's been losing more money on an adjusted EBIDA basis. And I hope that's going to improve over the upcoming quarter. The company also has a lot of an autonomous vehicle partnerships with AV I should say we ride and May mobility and Hessi which makes the sensors and some kind of an autonomous bus shuttle bus and and many different things where it's really exciting for the company and they're definitely not missing out in terms of the autonomous vehicle race. Now the best part about Grab is the company itself is amazing but you have the call option of a potential merger and if they are able to acquire this competitor together they're going to have a 91% market share in Indonesia a 90% market share in Singapore that's I believe in mobility and 85% market share in Southeast Asia in the total I believe their competitor is called goto and if they can acquire them that would be amazing. Goto recently has changed their CEO and the new CEO is in favor of the merger. So that's moving along really well. But you still have the regulators that have to approve it. And I'm not sure if it's going to get approved because it would create some kind of a monopoly. And I'm sure if that was in the United States, it would never get approved. But in this part of the world, maybe. And if it ever gets approved, then uh that would be a gamecher for Grab. And again, it's not a main thesis, it's a call option. and the company can afford the merger. I believe go to is valued at 6 billion and grab has 3.2 billion in cash and cash equivalent and 3.6 billion in other investments. So this is about $7 billion in total investments and cash that the company can use to acquire goto without diluting existing shareholders in a major major way. So that's really amazing from the company. Now looking at the PE ratio, it's still trading at 63 times earnings which is a little bit elevated and it was trading at 110 120 a few months ago and the PE ratio has been plummeting not just because the stock has been plummeting but because the company has been exploding in profitability. They used to lose 44 cents earnings per share back in 2022. It improved and it recently turned profitable with 4 cents for 2025. Then over a 100% grows to 9 cents in 2026 and 15 cents in 2027. Currently their net income margin is only 1.8%. 1.8% is dust. And if they double it to 3% this is a 100% gross in earnings per share. So from now it's not much of a revenue growth story which is growing 19%. It's more of a profitability story and a net income margin story where over the long term the business should have 10 to 15% in a net income margin potentially 20% and it's only at 1.8%. So the profitability growth from here is going to be looking amazing for grab. Now for my valuation model I took in the 15 cents of earnings per share expected for 2027 and I put it in this calculator. I put in 15 cents for 3 years to get the 2030 target and I put in 30% earnings per share growth between 2027 and 2030 which I still believe is fair if the current net margin is like 1% and by 2027 it should be five or 6% so that it still has some runways to grow 30% for many years to come. I would get 33 cents earnings per share in 2030. So, I take in 33 cents and I time it by 30 times earnings, which is more than a 50% multiple contraction from the current multiple, which I still believe is fair. This is around $9.90 of a price target over the next 5 years. The stock right now is trading at about $5 per share. This is about 98% on the upside over the next five years, excluding the merger, which would be a gamecher for Grab. If the merger does happen, they spend the 7 billion, they acquire the company, they would have a 91% market share. If the merger doesn't occure, then Grab can potentially do a lot of buybacks with the 7 billion or they could, you know, acquire another company or they could even, you know, invest in themselves and do many different things. So, the setup is really amazing over here where if the merger happens, you do may make a lot of money if not potentially a 2x two and a halfx over the next 5 years. So, I really like this setup very very much. And by the way, I'm using fiscal.ai to come up with those charts if you want to try it out. They give you two weeks of free access if you want to use my link down in the description. Now, the second one, which I'm not a big fan of. I did a lot of bearish videos on the stock, but I I want to talk about it a little bit again, and this is Nibius. Nibbius stock is down about 32% from the highs. It's been performing terribly over the last few months, but the stock is still up 187%. Stocks don't go up in a straight line. Sometimes they cool off and this is what happened to NBS. It was too overvalued and now it's coming back to earth and that's really good from uh the company. Now Nibbius has been absolutely killing it as of the last quarter. They sold out of their cap capacity all pretty much sold out. They grew revenues 355% yearonear and 39% quarteron quarter. I don't know any other company in the market that's growing 39% in revenues quarteron quarter. Absolutely insane. They also won contracts with Microsoft and Meta. Very long-term contracts and they expanded their other businesses in general. The company also owns another business called AV ride which is like a robo taxi and it's mainly mostly around food deliveries autonomous robots for delivering food. very popular one and it's been also growing and Uber has invested in the company which is great. They also own a company called triple 10 which is like an online campus if you want to learn new skills and other kind of skills. So it's like an online school. It's doubling in revenue growth 2x revenue growth here on year. Pretty amazing. Then they have click house and loca which is another few businesses they own and they own many different businesses which is really good. And I'm really not a big fan of Nibius. I'm not a big fan of all those data center stocks. Nibbius, Corewave, Irene, Cyper, all of them. I don't like the business model in general and I explained this before, but whenever they buy those GPUs from Nvidia after three and a half, four years, those GPUs would be old. Nvidia is going to come out with new GPUs and then Nibius is going to have to put the money and go to buy the new GPUs. Why? because their competitors bought the new GPUs and then they would not be too competitive if they don't go buy the new GPUs and they're gonna have to do it every four years and then the old GPUs would ultimately command a lower price per hour because the new GPUs came out and everyone else using the new GPUs. So this is a capex heavy business and I'm not a big fan of the capex heavy businesses but if I had to pick one of those data center stock I would really pick Nebus for the CEO for the balance sheet and for the company in general and the fact that they have so many other businesses that they can sell or they could do a lot of things to monetize them and use the cash to grow the main business. Now if I look at Nibius, Nibius is growing 355% revenues but the net loss has been increasing. This is something that I don't like in gross companies in general. When I buy a gross company that's losing money, I want to see an improvement year on year, an improvement quarter on quarter. In the case of Nibbius, they're losing more money, which is something that I'm not a big fan of. And again, people love to use adjusted EBIDA. But I explained why we shouldn't use adjusted EBIDA because in this case, we should be depreciating those GPUs because after a few years, they're not going to be worth as much as they are right now because the new GPUs came out and Nibbius has to go and buy them again. So, I'm more of a fan of using net income with those stocks and not much for adjusted IBIDA. So for me, Nibius is still more of a speculative investment because it's losing money and I don't know when the company is really going to make money. But having said that, for a speculative investment as a specs play, which I always keep a speculative stock that's maybe not profitable, could about to turn profitable, but it has massive revenue growth and massive potential. Nibbius has all those characteristics, but I would never think of Nibius as like a quality company or my main investment. you could say would be maybe a small speculative bet. Now the company is guiding 7 to9 billion in annual run rate of revenue by the end of 2026. Now if we take the lower end of 7 billion with the current market cap of 22 billion, Nibius is currently trading at only three times three times their 2026 revenue guidance. This is dirt cheap for a growth company like Nibius that's been explosively growing in revenues and is going to likely keep on growing in revenues in a major major way. And if over the next 3 to 5 years they find a way to have a three or 5% at income margin on all those revenue growth they're putting up and all those partnerships they're signing then the upside would be amazing from here. So for me Nibius I don't really hate the company but I'm not a big fan of the business model in general. I don't like capex heavy related uh businesses but for me as a speculative investment I think Nibbius is worth it and I'm not doing a deep dive because I did many other videos on Nibbius but as a speculative investment only three times the 2026 revenues and with such growth if they can find any way to put in three or 5% net margin on it 5 to 7 years from now the upside is amazing and I own so many other businesses they can sell or monetize for them to use the cash for their existing business so For me, I like the setup very much and I think Nibius is not bad as a respective investment. Of course, I would much rather buy Grab because with Grab, you're getting that asymmetrical bet where if you're right on the company and if the merger happens, then you could make a lot of money because they have a massive market share. You can't even beat them. But if it doesn't happen, then Grab could could still double or two and a halfx over the next 5 years, which is not bad at all. So, I would much rather buy Grab. Maybe it's not too much, but it's not bad as a speculative investment. And that was my opinion for today. It was not financial advice. If you want me to review more of those stocks, popular retail investor stocks, let me know down in the comments below. So, thank you for watching me again and thank you for supporting the channel and I'll talk to you in another update.
