---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: GRAB
title: "Grab Stock Opportunity: Market Leader on Sale?"
channel: "Nanalyze"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: HOi8TMfcIo0
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HOi8TMfcIo0
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Grab Stock Opportunity: Market Leader on Sale?

**Channel**: Nanalyze  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HOi8TMfcIo0

## Transcript

Asia is home to 4.7 billion people. That's 60% of the world's population. And the Uber of Asia is a company called Grab. They do delivery and mobility. Now, this company is objectively undervalued despite the fact that they're growing like mad. And there's a tremendous opportunity to be had here, not only by growing within what they do, but also by expanding into what they call the everything app or a super app like WeChat in China. There's no reason not to hold grab stock, you'll hear people say, but that's not the right approach to take here. The bold thesis is as plain as the big Italian nose on my face. What's not so obvious are the potential problems that they might run into. Now, the last time we covered Grab was just a little bit over two years ago. Now, back then, I had been spending a lot of time in all the countries that Grab operates. I was interviewing Grab drivers, using their services extensively. So, in early 2024, we did a great piece that looks at all the opportunity that lies in front of Grabb. It's seriously good piece. You ought to watch it after this video. The idea of course Asia being this massively underpenetrated region. So depending on how you slice and dice it by mobile phone users or by age, you would say that Grab has perhaps saturated 6 to 11% of their potential market. So it's really a quite exciting play on the growth of emerging markets, right? And they're accelerating growth speaks for itself. Just look at this. So since we covered the firm, revenue has continued to accelerate. Simple numbers here, 1920 and 21% growth they're expecting for this year. So since our last piece on Grab, shares of the company have appreciated 39% compared to 44% for the S&P 500. So they haven't really done much at all. But we don't really care about share price. We care about valuation. Our simple valuation ratio back then, that's market cap divided by annualized revenues, was five. Well, it's the same today. So essentially, you're getting a company that has been growing quite successfully for about the same valuation. That's great, right? We always like to purchase shares of companies as cheap as possible. Quality companies that is. Now, of course, you can contrast this simple valuation ratio of five against our catalog average of 7.5. That's calculated across nearly several hundred disruptive technology stocks. But what might be more appropriate is to compare that valuation to Uber which sits at 2.7. Why is that? Well, it probably has something to do with the fact that large index providers like MSEI and SNP have allocated Uber to the industrials segment which means that they're going to enjoy generally lower valuations because they belong to that instead of technology. The reasoning behind that is probably worth a discussion on its own, but you could therefore argue that compared to Uber, Grab is a bit overvalued compared to all other disruptive stocks, they're a bit undervalued. Now, some findings from our last piece, we said that since we evaluated the bull thesis, we needed to then focus on finding red flags or showstoppers. We needed to better understand these incentives. The idea being that the way you capture market share in some of these countries is by offering people a lot of free stuff. I saw this with payments providers in Indonesia where you could go to a restaurant and get half your meal comped just by signing up for any one of the many payment providers that would offer that. So, we don't want to see a company spending a dollar to get 75 cents in revenues. And we wanted to consider Uber as an alternative way to play this thesis. And we did take a much closer look at Uber, which is a conversation in itself. But the main reason that we're covering this company again is because our paying subscribers voted on our Discord server with a resounding yes that we should cover this. So today, we're going to work on poking some holes in Grab's story. So three concerns right off the bat would be how much growth is left in these geographies that they operate in. That of course has to do with their ability to displace other competitors though they're pretty much the leader in most markets they operate in. And if we look at smartphone users then you can say well what percentage of the population are using smartphones? What does that penetration look like and how fast is that growing? Because that's basically their total addressable market. Right? So the appeal there would be similar to WeChat in China. The idea being that anybody that has a smartphone is going to use the Grab application. I'll tell you that if you're in any of the markets they operate in, then you're certainly going to have the Grab app on your phone and you're going to be using it. I used it a lot recently when I was in Vietnam. Second question here, how can this low margin business improve profitability? So, one of the bull points for Uber is that they can utilize autonomy to cut one of their biggest costs, which is the cost of a driver. Now, of course, that could be a threat to Uber as well, other operators of autonomous vehicles. But in the case of Grab, autonomy is not going to come to the rescue here, and it's also probably not going to be a threat. How they're going to improve margins is likely through this super app concept. So, are they making progress on this everything app? underbanked people in these regions likely represent a massive opportunity, but we're not liking the direction that we see them taking now, which is issuing lots of loans. From our perspective, when you offer consumers loans, there's just not a ton of upside and there's a lot of potential downside to that, especially when you're in new markets where you don't have mature risk models to assess the risks of the loans that you're offering. So one of the key points for the bold thesis around Grab, one of the reasons that we really like this company is their leadership. We always want to invest in leaders. And when we look across these various domains, I think this was taken back in 2022. It probably hasn't changed that much. But one thing to notice here is that competition in Indonesia is quite rough. And I was over there, I took this picture back in 2019 when I was talking to drivers for Go and Grab. We did a piece on the largest, most successful artificial intelligence companies in Indonesia back at that time. And I noticed some of these guys had go and grab uniforms. They would just switch depending both apps in their phone. They would just work for whoever was willing to pay them money, right? So I think as a result of that intense competition, I can only imagine that's still the case. Look at their growth in Indonesia. So it's the only growth across the various jurisdictions that they operate in in the single digits. I really love this geographic breakdown because this creates internal diversification. But it also creates complexity because operating in each of these domains is a really unique challenge, right? You have to have a different approach. There's different rules, regulations, cultural attitudes, etc. So, Grabs growth is really coming from adding new cities, adding new smartphone users that come online, and of course, stealing from their competition. This slide here in their recent investor deck shows how increased mobile phone usage over time is increasing their total addressable markets. And because they're able to bring costs down, that means that they can grow in cities where people generally have less money. So, they're able to expand outside of just major cities in these various countries. Now, going back to that accelerated growth, which we love to see, right? They're expecting to continue this 20% compound annual growth at least through 2028. And they show you here how they're getting to that. I highlighted two chunks of this chart that I think are worth exploring a bit more. The first is the lending and payments component of financial services. It seems like lending is the dominant beneficiary of that segment. And then you have merchant solutions. So they can talk all they want about these various ways that they're going to grow revenues, but unless they break those out, we won't know how much impact they're actually having in fintech they do break out. We'll look at that a little bit later, but I wanted you to take a look at this. And this is the concern around grab. So would you invest in a business that had consistent 50% margins but could barely realize a positive operating margin? No. Because there's not a lot of room to work with there. And if they can't strengthen that operating margin, they could run into trouble quite quickly. Now, the way around that, if you have very low operating margins, is that you have to scale like mad. And they're they're certainly scaling, right? But what about this next business? So, this doesn't instill a whole lot of confidence. Here you have another business that's like Grab with 40% gross margins and a operating margin that's ticking up. At least it's become positive. It's ticking up over time. That's Uber. Okay. So you can sort of look to Uber as the more mature manifestation of what Grab will become, which that's a problem that we would have with Uber, right? How can you expand those margins over time aside from things like operating leverage? So when we think about the profitability problem, as I mentioned earlier, incentives were something that we were concerned about. And it looks like they've stabilized those at around 10% of gross merchandise value. the total value that's going through their system and it used to be much higher. So, if they can keep that the same as their growing revenues, that's certainly we'd like to see that ideally decrease it. Right? You shouldn't always have to be paying your customers to use your platform. And the reason that that's a prominent fixture of grabb is that customers in Southeast Asia or Asia in general, I suppose, are often more elastic to price changes. They have lower average incomes, right? and higher sensitivities to affordability. And that's where these incentives really come into play. So Uber kind of shows us where Grab is heading. And if you wouldn't invest in Uber, then why would you invest in Grab? Well, I think there's a couple reasons why. I'm increasingly led to believe that these are quite distinct businesses because of the different geographies that they operated in and the goals of the business. So autonomy is both a threat and an opportunity for Uber, not so much for Grab. their real potential and I don't think Uber has this at all. Grabb's real potential is becoming an everything app, right? Just like WeChat. So, how do they plan to do that? Well, they're going into fintech. As you can see here, banking deposits on their platform are increasing. So, are the number of loans that they're extending. They say, "Well, we're going to have $2 billion in loans extended by the end of 2026." That's not necessarily a good thing because they don't have a lot of experience in this area. And when they talk about growth in the fintech segment, so they've broken that out so we can track that growth. They say, "Well, strong 37% year-over-year growth. That's great. But that's driven primarily by contributions from their lending business." They talk about how they're strengthening their credit risk model so they can scale. Well, you've got to get that right because as we've seen in FinTechs in Brazil, if you get that wrong, it can really damage your business and you have to do a reset, right? So, one of the ways I think Grab believes they'll be able to shore up that aspect of their business is through this acquisition of Stash. This is somewhat odd. So, Stash is $5 billion in AUM, 1 million paying customers in America, and they acquired this firm just recently, February 12th of this year. And this really seems to be an aqua hire, right? They'll take that technology, of course, they'll have to deal with the Americans in the meantime. I don't think this is a purposeful expansion into America more than it is let's take the technology they developed and apply it to Southeast Asia. And the CEO has called this a milestone and grabs evolution as a trusted international provider of financial services. And he talks about how it brings more than just revenue and profitability, but talent, technology, and crosselling potential. So presumably there's not going to be a lot of work to port that over for their existing customers in Asia. But just remember that emerging market consumers have a lot different needs than developed market consumers. So hopefully they'll be able to leverage that technology and not get too distracted by all the customers they just acquired. So again going back to that focus on their ability to become more profitable than just marginally profitable. They talk about margin expansion. Well, how are you going to get there? Right? They can talk about it, but how are they actually going to get there? You know, you can have volume growth, which leads to operating leverage. Fair enough, right? And then they expect that lending, which isn't profitable yet, will eventually be more profitable than delivery and mobility and will sort of shore up those segments. So, total profitability for the company will increase. Some other recent news worth mentioning, they have this exclusive partnership with Hail Technology to distribute LAR. And this really seems all about optics, frankly. How close are they actually to using light? Or they talk about, well, they're testing some autonomous shuttles in Singapore. I mean, are you really going to have advanced last mile delivery solutions in places like Jakarta or Manila? It certainly doesn't seem like it anytime soon. So, I don't think this news is over compelling, frankly, or I'm just not getting it. But when we look at their path towards profitability, so they've achieved that. I like this slide here showing 16 consecutive quarters of adjusted EBIT uh improvement. That takes some discipline. Hopefully they continue this, right? But remember that profits are an opinion and cash is a fact. So you want to pay attention to cash flows. I pulled this up because it's rather interesting. I was researching the firm and I came across this table with a little footnote here that talks about how they've made a change in how they record cash flows. So I slapped that table into an LLM and said, "Explain to me what that means." Basically, it said that this is a non-GAAP adjustment. So, moving away from generally accepted accounting principles and saying, well, we're going to go ahead and include asset sales as part of cash generation, right? So, I looked and it didn't have that much of a significant impact on cash flows, but you want to pay attention to that sort of thing, right? Rather interesting. So, the appeal really of Grab is getting the everything app right. They can only squeeze those margins for mobility and delivery so much. And I think future margin expansion, meaningful expansion will come from adjacent offerings. Right now, that direction is fintech and loans. Now, of course, they're going to talk about all these different ways that they can grow, but where are they seeing traction, right? Right now, it's in loans. Now, this continued strong growth that we love to see, right? That should help boost their profitability. And I think they certainly have time to figure out the adjacent offerings as they're growing their business. Loans are a concern, but they do have the resources to make mistakes if that happens to be the case. Now, I know there's a lot of asymmetrical generational wealth growth opportunity types out there that will try to ascribe price targets to grab. Oh, it's going to hit $10 a share. Useless. You invest in companies, not stocks. You think, well, what would happen if I held this company for a decade? what's their true potential in the long term? Since they have a dominant leadership position in nearly all the markets they operate in, and that bodess well. That means that competition isn't going to come and bite them because they're diversified. They could take a big hit in one of these markets and still be able to survive, possibly even thrive. They seem to have the time and money to get this fintech part right along with the other adjacent offerings they're looking at for their everything app. And one would think now they don't need to raise any capital or dilute existing investors anymore, which is great. And company specific risk seems to be like the only downside here with the growth on tap, right? So it doesn't matter how much conviction you have in any particular stock. Company specific risk will come and bite you in the ass, right? That's something that a lot of people without experience in investing won't recognize. Now, as for our approach here, I think we're going to discuss internally if perhaps we might move this to a like instead of an avoid. That would mean we would regularly cover this once a year, right? That's a an appropriate cadence to cover disruptive technology stocks to tune out the noise. We found that works really well. It would also mean this is eligible to be included in our disruptive tech portfolio, which has about 30 disruptive tech stocks. But we're going to discuss that. As I said, we'd like to see how this finance component of their business evolves over time. And if we do decide to change this to a like or even add shares, our paying subscribers will be the first to know. I'm going to go ahead and leave you with this other video that we did several years ago. It's still very relevant on the bull thesis around Grab. Give that a watch next. Thanks so much for taking the time to watch this today.
