---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: GRAB
title: "Inside Grab with Anthony Tan Ep 1: Managing Grab’s capital & growth from startup to Nasdaq listing"
channel: "Grab Official"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: VpMvr45oz6A
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpMvr45oz6A
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Inside Grab with Anthony Tan Ep 1: Managing Grab’s capital & growth from startup to Nasdaq listing

**Channel**: Grab Official  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpMvr45oz6A

## Transcript

This is Inside Grab. I am Cheryl, an early Grab employee. In this limited series, I sit down with our CEO and co-founder, Anthony Tan, to unpack the early chaos, the lessons we didn't see coming, and the stories you won't hear anywhere else. >> Hi, Anthony. Um, so maybe I'll start you off with a question. >> Do you have any idea what is my employee number? Like am I employee number five? Employee number 500? >> Probably unofficially five. Officially probably like 100, right? >> 37. >> Okay. Okay. >> I was in between. >> So yeah, it's been 13 years uh that I've been working for you. Uh 13 years that you've had to put up with me. Yes. Yeah. I was about to say that. >> And I've had to endure your energy and tenacity since a really long time. >> And I think one of the most common things that people ask me about you cuz they say, "Oh, you work for Anthony for so long." >> Because they always ask me like what is your superpower, right? >> Um and I always tell people it's a mixture of many things. one is you know over the years I've learned many many good things from you but the main thing is despite your tenacity and aggressiveness you're a super nice person >> you know I love uh the values that you bring but more importantly as a CEO also I think you're super visionary there are many times where where many grabbers disagree with you because we actually don't see the vision or don't understand the vision so I think as a CEO that's really great >> um and the other big thing about your superpower is you know, you're really good with money, fundraising, and helping grab continue to grow, right? >> So, that's what we're going to be talking about today. You know, I wanted to understand sort of like, you know, and give people behind the scenes look at how you think about money, how grabb has done fundraising because when you think about what appears in the headlines, a lot of it is just who invested in us, >> how much, what's the valuation, but there's a lot more that goes on um than than just that. Mhm. >> So maybe we'll start a bit about, you know, how has your upbringing uh shaped the way you think about money, >> fundraising. I know it's influenced your values and belief, but you know, maybe specific to money and fundraising. How has your upbringing shaped that? >> Yeah, first of all, thanks Cheryl. Uh those are Thank you for putting up with me for 13 years. It's been quite a journey. And uh I also don't know, you know, Chloe always reminds me like I don't know how Cheryl puts up with you. So even she has a hard time. So um I think number one on money heritage has a big part to play with it. And in my case I was born as into a Hawin family. Uh and there's a few uh characteristics of our clan if you may. >> Uh one is this idea of uh the ability to understand the value of money. um this idea of uh jakyam which is how to be able to uh be very thrifty in many ways. There's another uh which is jako which is the ability to eat bitter >> uh and take a lot of pain. Y >> so good news is you're I think you're partially h so I think that's why we got along >> but you know I think that heritage plays uh a a lot and then my mom uh who's a big uh force in my life uh like all mothers but she's one that uh is also a businesswoman so she uh and my dad really both taught us these these values right from beginning to really value every dollar think about how to stretch every dollar for max ROI a return on investment and till today my mother is the type uh even though she's done very well in life uh she will choose to stay in a you know when she comes to visit in Singapore she will choose to stay in a very uh sort of middle of the ground uh hotel uh res apartment uh residence hype like, "Mom, you can afford to spend more." >> And she's like, "No, no, no, no. It's is is enough for me." >> So, you know, and I really admire that. Uh, one, you know, I look up to her, but I also see many people who've done well in life are those who are able to understand the value and appreciate and never take it for granted. >> Yeah. You know, I uh Anony's mom, you know, your mom was our CFO for a while. >> Yes. She was unpaid CFO. >> Unpaid CFO. And I remember the first thing she came and asked me is, "Do you really need paper that's so thick >> to print flyers?" So, uh, paper grammage is something >> exactly like my mother. >> Did she did she weigh the the >> I don't know, but you know, like for a CFO and especially your mom was unpaid and also like had a full-time job. She actually came and asked me, "Do you need paper? It's so high quality for grab flyers." >> Good point. Yeah, it's a good point. I did reduce it and after that, you know, obviously I think it also instills in us the value of uh money and thriftiness. You know, when when I joined, uh I remember we were in a very like character building office, >> a very basic >> store room almost. >> Yes. >> Um and while we were in that state, you know, working really hard, we were able to somehow raise our series A. Um it was you know as employee it was incredible feeling uh that there was someone else besides us that believed in us. >> But uh tell us more about you know that experience you know how did we raise our series A in the first place. >> Yeah well first of all uh series A was painful it was very painful. uh in fact uh I don't know about other founders but in our case we had a very tough time raising money >> and we were quite blessed that we had uh lots of friends uh one of them being Kylie and I remember um Kylie said hey do you want to be introduced to this person >> called Eevee >> I said oh where's she from uh he said well uh she came to visit us and visit other startups but then uh she checked out you know when she asked me how do I get around and she said and then uh Kylie Basy said oh everyone uses my taxi then she tried it and she's like wow this thing really works uh and then she reached out and then connected Juhawk and uh ver the larger Vertex group at Kilok and they uh were quite impressed uh they obviously came with the then at that point of time they were mostly if not 100% uh or close to uh funded by Tamas. So they were they had a heritage they've been around Southeast Asia for a long time they understood the region they are from the region >> uh and uh they really uh really leaned in but they are very good at negotiating uh they are also they drove a very hard bargain. I remember one big requirement from Vertex was that they wanted to see allin. >> They wanted to see that we uh founders generally but especially in my case they said Anthony you clearly come from a family business. Why do you want to do this? Like you should just you know do what a lot of family businesses do. Uh stay in a family you know have a better life. This is a tough life. Um so you want to see full commitment. So that's when as part of the requirement for series A and again we didn't have that many options. So we we decided that this was the right path which was sign an employment agreement that basically said I leave everything else and this was uh my only baby uh and and and put all I had into it. So literally I every cent that was to my name I basically put into it uh and then my mom continued to uh also put in more money. So we were we were basically all in uh especially in my case and I think that helped focus uh I think it was a it was a ballsy move whereby it helped us helped me basically cut off all backups. There was no more insurance policy. Yeah. >> And that move in itself made me uh extremely allin and I think when you decide this life you must go in allin. >> And and was it a hard sacrifice for you? you know, like what what was the you know, because at the time, you know, you obviously was part of a family business. Um, to sacrifice all of I Well, I guess you also wanted my taxi a lot, but was there a big tradeoff? >> Huge. Uh, I mean, huge. Uh, well, to give up, um, my inheritance, that kind of sucked. Uh, so, so that was painful. Um, I had to, you know, piss off my father, which I didn't want to, >> right? No, no son chooses to willingly piss off their parents, >> uh, especially in a highly confucious valued uh, home. Uh, so that was both emotionally and, uh, financially a real uh, burden. Um, but you know, I I was very blessed that I, uh, you know, um, I I found my sugar mommy, uh, Chloe. So um so she sorry maybe that came out a bit wrongly but but uh she you know really cared for me and then and um I I knew that in the worst case she always reminded me that look whatever the case is we will sort of go through it together. Um and I think having that support base so I think a lot of again if this message is for founders I would say really that other half makes a world of difference because uh if you don't have that that allin mindset and your other half can't support you >> it's very tough because of the gruesome hours and and and stress and and sort of that that super highs and the super lows that and you and it's a non-stop thing, right? You start early morning. I mean, even this morning, you start at whatever 7:30 and you end at midnight and it's been 13 14 years and it continues. >> So, it doesn't stop whether you have five children or you have no kids, right? Or you're dating. So, so I think that's something that just comes with the name of the game and you have to accept that. >> You've talked about how you know like how series A investor you know like pushed you to be allin. Um tell me you know how else investors have changed our trajectory to be you know in a positive way. Well, number one, uh, Ju from Vert.Ex and and the team and Kilong, uh, and Lorraine, uh, they're all from the Vert.Ex team. Really, I would say first, we had internal, uh, ambassadors like Eevee and Lorine and others >> uh, that really helped us, but they didn't only help us from a strategy. They helped us even tactically. For example, uh we didn't want to have an office, so we used their office uh for free. Uh we didn't want to pay for phone bills, so I used their phone to call all the other countries. Um I didn't have money for uh my meals, so they would take me out for lunch every day. So um so it was very sweet that way, right? and it only grew us closer. >> Um, and there was more trust. Uh, >> but beyond that, I would say uh they also helped us with introducing us to uh taxi companies. Uh although we weren't that successful with any of them here, uh they they even pushed us to think about Singapore as a market. uh which was primarily we were very focused on solving the safety problem and we were like look Singapore is one of the safest countries in the world why would it need our service and it helped us really iterate our product market fit to one more of speed and convenience which Singaporeans really value um so thank thank Vertex for that and then and then as we uh decided then to say okay we'll set up a Singapore office especially given that we're hungry for engineering talent. Uh they even helped us find our first office which was if you remember was in Sin Ming >> uh Sinming. Um uh and again we chose that because that was where all the taxi drivers were hanging out. Uh we wanted to go to wherever the taxi drivers uh were. So >> I think uh that was a good call. The next investor was uh was GGVC and uh this was Jun Fu who I'm very thankful. In fact, uh I'm still I'll be seeing him later today. We still he's he's coming to our office. Uh they were series B. But they helped us to think about uh they were very exposed to the Chinese environment. uh now with Granite Asia especially and I remember they talked about at one of the board meetings Jishon was on a board, Juhawk was on a board and Jishun even shared about the payments uh landscape and how payments and highfrequency transaction platforms like ours uh could really uh complement each other very well and that flywheel and that's why we created grab pay. So really I would say those were many good examples. Um beyond I would say series A investor helped us get series B. Gishun then introduced us to our series C which is uh Jason who is very helpful from Tiger Global Jason Tan. uh we again and then uh series C helped us introduce us to uh that time Mingmar and uh and Nikash uh at SoftBank and that uh of course then you saw the big headlines with Masayoshi but really that you know that's a beauty of getting the right investor >> at the right time. Uh I think if you got a great series A investor but in a wrong period of time that would also be wrong. But getting the right investor at the right time who then introduced us to many other great investors really helped us on our journey. >> Let's build on that right. How do you evaluate whether a specific investor is right for us at a specific point in time? >> Uh I don't think it's a you know ideological game. I think I think you need to think of it as what's available >> right there's the pragmatic lens then which one suits your values right um well when you have no option then it's easy uh when your option n equals one is easiest uh when you had option like in series C we had multiple people chasing us in D we had multiple people chasing us >> then we wanted to go with who could give us the highest probability of success >> and the reputation and again you know this is I've never founded a tech startup of this size. So I've never been exposed to this group of people. I' Tiger Global was the first time I didn't know who they were and I needed somebody to tell me oh wow they're big and then I looked them up online. Wow they're big. Um you know I've never heard of Kotu. I've never heard of Soft Bank. I was like isn't that a telco? Um so right so so I mean I was as green as most founders are >> uh and I think when you meet them when you meet say Masayoshi he's a visionary incredible visionary and you know people think you should just go for the money actually you know people like him very patient very long-term extreme visionary you want those people and those are the people that drives the highest probability success uh and of course the reputation being very credible so you want to associate yourself with strong reputation firms as well. >> Yep. And can you think of a time where uh you know you really wanted a a deal or investor and it just didn't happen or we bombed? >> Yeah. Oh many uh I you know we probably I probably doubt for dimes right um or dollars in this case. I don't know maybe I would say maybe 50 60 uh investors before we hit one big one. Um >> and it was a very humbling process. Uh very humbling. You remember 13 years ago or 12 years ago whatever we ra whenever we raised money it was a time when Southeast Asia was not on a map. >> Y >> uh tech was not on a map. uh most people if you remember coming from Malaysia you know the in terms of status working for a CIB a may bankang a Petronas a kazana is like amazing right like being a startup you're like dude like you couldn't get a proper job you know so that was the that was the background we came from >> so when we chased many uh people who didn't give us any recognition uh they won't even take our calls and it was okay. It was part of the sort of grinding process uh to refine us better and sharpen our messages. But there were some that I would say gladly on hindsight I'm glad we bombed uh because there were some that I remember they were very clear to put in money. They wanted to put in money but just to sell us uh to you know then to at that point of time maybe to Uber or to whoever else or TT or whoever else it may have been uh who were much bigger than us and we were very small. >> Uh but it was just about flipping >> versus I'm in it with you to grow the business and actually fight Uber and win. >> Uh that's the and and so I'm kind of glad those bombed out. >> Yep. Yep. in the early days. I mean, we you talked a bit about, you know, how we were we have had pretty very good investors, how even those that didn't work out ended up being good for us. >> Yeah. >> What did investors >> at that point time it sucked, but Yeah. >> Yeah. I know the feeling. >> Exactly. But but yes, on hindsight, it worked out. >> Rejection never feels good. >> Yeah. Exactly. >> Yeah. But um you know like what did those who did decide to back with us and especially over the long term what did they see in us and also like what did they see in the region in a time where capital wasn't you know so invested in this in this part of the world. >> Yeah I it's by no coincidence that uh we found investors who understood the region quite well. I think if you look at Vertex they've been here for a long time. uh GGVC uh they have been around you know they're one of the few offices that have Silicon Valley and uh Singapore China right um then now Granite Asia so they really understood the region uh even Jason Tan Tiger Global is mostly a a New York based office but Jason was very you know he came from China to Singapore really understood the region very well. Um, Masa, you know, of course, understands Asia extremely well. He's invested in the region way before, you know, we were in the picture. So, I I think given all these examples, it's clear that there were people who understood the region. That's number one. uh because when I tried going to the typical US names >> y >> they I could sense a uh lack of understanding of region. So you need to find people who understood the region first of foremost. So um and that clearly played out in our favor. The second was being able to uh for those then after that I had to go to sort of the American centric uh funds at some size then uh you'll catch attention of the Americans and uh that's where the big pool of capital uh resides until today >> and they could really understand when they understood that hey for the region this is sort of tracking in that trajectory of Chinaish right uh or India their ish. So they could see that developing emerging markets uh was growing very fast. Uh very young digital native population uh large population. It really helped that there was the Ubers of the world, the TTS of the world that also were growing extremely quickly and so they could see okay this is basically a Uber TT of Southeast Asia right that it was very easy for them to understand and so a lot of the investors were people who are already either invested in the sector or looking at the sector tremendously. So they understood the sector and they understood the economics of it and why and how it was going to make money eventually. >> And what role does the founder play in in convincing investors, right? >> Yeah. Well, at for seed, you know, uh a b I would say I mean in the early days they just wanted to see because they know that the ideas are dime a dozen. They know that ideas have to pivot from it. Whatever you submit as here's my three-year model like you know everyone's like are you sure not you know it's that type of like are you are you kidding me? But they look at the person. I think the founder who's pitching they need to believe that regardless of what happens that founder can pivot accordingly. >> Then I think that so that's one I think they they always look at can I trust this this person? Second, can I believe that this person can pivot accordingly uh withever that is being thrown at them? Then the third is does that person have the tenacity for the long run because most burn out right uh or overtime and you've seen this many founders decide to it's just not for me and then they they they bail or or sell out or whatever it is. Um like can they grind it out? Um that's the third and then then I would say later on the due diligence went from founder to founder and the teams and then if you remember then I had a lot of visits right and then they wanted to see operational excellence they wanted to see the team does the founder have the right team that can support or is this guy just or gal just you know show and tell >> and then they can see okay the one way they verify is they look at the next layer is the next layer strong enough because that's one proof point that the founder can hire a very strong next layer and that was when you and uh you know Adeline and you know Sudan and everybody was interviewed right um especially the later stages >> so so that was very very important >> um some people also say that you know it's because of your family or family business you know um has played a very important role to get us where we are today. What would you say to that? >> I I cannot discount uh how important it was in the sense of one, my parents invested a lot of educational dollars in me, >> right? Um that I'm very grateful for. Uh you know, HBS really changed my life and I'm uh I'm very grateful for that. Um now my I would say beyond just the investment into me as an individual and the values and and and uh both the sort of heart and and then you know my mom also exposed me to my religious faith. So it was the spiritual side, the mental side uh capability but more importantly it was even beyond that tactically right. My mom was the unpaid CFO. My mom put in money with me together. Uh that was very important uh because nobody else believed in me. But even beyond that, you know, the family gave me a free rental office, right? Um uh the the the the one of the taxi companies we got to win as one of the early clients uh was because of an introduction from one of our uh our friends in a in a family company. So you know all that really those early traction uh I'm always grateful right always grateful uh that for the fact and then the early partners like Maxis you remember who paid for our launch yeah in the early days right um or all all that I I think I'm very grateful uh so a it takes a village right to to really >> get us the early traction uh not success but early traction >> then on top of that it's just crazy hard work, right? By yourself and the early team and myself and and all the other great people. But but that you need both one in itself uh is insufficient. >> Yeah, absolutely. And you know when we think about we've we've been very blessed you know like uh many people believe in us many investors right but obviously when we do take investor funding >> it comes with a fair amount of expectation >> walk us through you know what's what what does that look like what are the expectations of investors >> yeah I think once you take investor money it's not your money I've seen founders who uh you know I wouldn't name any companies but whose mis disappropriated founder money uh or investor money that they think it's founder money. It's not once you because they have LPs that are public, right? So number one, once you take investor money, it is basically other people's money. So you have to explain yourself for everything you spend on which goes back to your earlier point. If you remember the board was made up of many investors and each one had their own agenda. Some were say series A wanted to get out by a certain time because it was reaching their 5year window. Um and again they've always been transparent about that. Those are totally respect and I want them to come out very well and Vertex did and I'm very happy for them. Right. Um but there are some that uh you know have a very different agenda and some push for things that were really really unhealthy for the long term of the company. Um, I remember during a supply shortage, there were certain investors who pushed for for for things that uh weren't good for building up supply. >> That were that would have that decision if and we barely won by one vote. If that decision went through against our belief, uh that would have maybe I wouldn't even be here talking to you about Grab and where it's uh it's gotten to. So there were several of these moments uh across our 13-year journey at the board where we literally had very intense uh debates, battles uh where we passed through by one vote uh to arrive to the company we are today. So when you take investor money be very sure that these trade-offs are sure to happen and you have you as an you know founder or entrepreneur must be ready for it. >> Yeah I remember that you know I remember that we were we didn't have enough supply enough cars enough drivers >> and so that decision was very crucial in making sure that we could serve you know our our consumers well. Yes. So I think that was a very good call and luckily we managed to get that >> barely. >> Yes. >> Um how do you ensure you know after we you know like we investors and everything how do we ensure that we are not distracted by the noise and we always make decisions that are best for the long-term benefit of this organization? I'm sure there are a lot of tradeoffs. Uh you spoke about some but how do we like minimize the noise? >> I think there will always be noise. Uh until today at the board there's still noise. Um again the good news is now we are able to have board members who really think about the long term of the company. >> So so one way is you anchor on a vision and a calling and a purpose for the company. So people think it's only for your employee base, but actually it's just as important, if not even more important because it's the highest decision making body. >> So the board needs to be anchored on that vision, that purpose, that calling. I think that really unites everyone. The second is um the board is also aligned on like why we're here at the service of communities, right? Which is, you know, in our leadership DNA. So they they buy into they they fully buy into the leadership DNA. Why is it that in our till I mean you know our upcoming uh board meeting is held in one of our cities right uh you know we held one in Manila before we held one in uh in Indonesia we held one in uh you and we hold it across we could conveniently all do it via Zoom and you know Dra doesn't have to fly from the US and you know Daniel doesn't have to fly from Korea or John from the UK. But we do it because we want our board to see the livelihoods that we impact. So they meet drivers, they talk to them, they understand their their their problems, uh they they spend time on merchants, they understand the competitive landscape, they talk to even competitor drivers, right? That's so important because then I remember um when we were in Manila and I remember we were at like 11:30 at night and I remember still there was a long line of move it drivers that our people were working night shift until like 1:30 or 2:00 in the morning to sign them up because they they're hungry to sign up to to create a earning platform for themelves and their families. and and you could see when the board saw that for themselves it wasn't uh doctorred right this was happening every day Monday to Sunday you could see a different appreciation after that and and I think that's the best way to anchor them on a philosophy and value system that's been much and I learned that because we didn't used to do that >> uh and there was a lot more >> um you know right this idea of like uh like like like debates uh >> uh or or even battles intensity at a at a board. But you but once everybody was anchored with a long-term calling and the purpose of uh of really empowering the everyday entrepreneurs, it was much more smooth and you can see the board, I mean everybody will say the board is much more cohesive than it's ever been now that you are on the board, right? Mhm. >> Um, so what you know we're public listed. Do you have a favorite memory from that whole experience >> on that day? I remember I uh you know was very emotionally uh entangled uh when I saw our merchants, our drivers, our uh persons with disabilities on stage uh and during co >> um which was again you know I'm very grateful to for Adena and NASDAQ uh she was the only uh friend I knew who was a CEO of NASDAQ who would fly the satellite you know and put it on top of Shangrila. on NASDAQ so that we can ring the bell uh at Singapore Singapore. Uh so so that was you know we had to make so many impossibles possible for that to happen. >> Uh and then and then seeing the the the faces of our partners that was >> Yeah. >> You remember it? >> I remember it was it was incredible. >> They were so happy to be on stage with us right such a magical memorable moment. Um and with public listing, you know, we've opened ourself up to, you know, a different way in which people look at us, right? There's uh obviously more public scrutiny. >> Once again, you got to start with a premise that this is investor money. This is the public's money, right? Because a lot of LPs are pension funds and you know endowment funds. There are men on the street who are put money there and then trusting these people to be good stewards. So we must be good stewards uh in the same way and and held to a high bar. So people always ask why do you say so much at a earnings call and then tell the whole world including competitors who are listening. Uh first of all I say number one we must justify why and how you're spending investor money right and how you're making money in our case good news now is we make money for them too so but but how I would say the second is that it's given us a lot of credibility >> as you know from Southeast Asia there are all very few right a handful you can literally count with one hand of companies that have gone public in the US which has the highest socks compliance right Sabins Oxley compliance SEC is a very high bar um but when you put yourself to the bar and still be able to perform at that bar I think it's pushed us to h a higher performance and culture bar >> which uh has continued to differentiate us from everybody else >> yeah and no no regrets from you you're very happy that we went down this path >> I would say I'm I'm sufficient certainly happy as I prepare for the next earnings call but but yes I would say it was the right decision for Graham. >> Okay great. So before we end off um what is your advice for other tech founders especially in the current environment which is very different from when we you know we started raising money. What is your advice for them? >> Number one we have to appreciate the current environment. The current environment is very different from the earlier environment. The biggest uh difference is interest cost. When cost of capital is that drastically different, you know, you are looking at an environment where you as a founder need to think about profitability much earlier on before you could say hey I don't need to think about it. So my humble suggestion to all founders would be think how to become profitable much earlier. uh think about how to manage your costs much earlier. You know, we are in stewardship. We are supposed to shepherd it right correctly. Um and that's on us. Uh you can't blame anybody for it. It's on us. You took people's money. Uh and then the second thing is optimize for reputation because this may not be your only startup. You could do a second, a third, but once you do funny things that you can't justify, I can't explain. Gosh, you know, it's you're you're done, right? You're done. I mean, besides potentially even jail time, >> but you're done from a reputational perspective. And many of you are many founders, even us, we're still relatively young. You still have 10, 20, 30, 40 years of of your working career. Don't don't sort of fake it till you make it, right? Many do or lie till you make it. >> It just it just catches up and then you end up um being in a in a much worse off situation than you were. So that's my humble sharing would be focus on profitability earlier on. Really look hard at your cost structure. And then third is optimize for long-term reputation. >> Thank you so much Anthony. Um, really appreciate the sharing. I I've lived through a lot of it, but hearing it all over again brings me such great memories and just reminds me why we are still here. We're still going strong. So, thank you. >> Great. Thanks, Gerald. >> Thank you.
