---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: GRAB
title: "GRAB Stock Down 11% After Earnings - Here's What Investors Missed"
channel: "smartCompass Value Investing"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: hPHXo9aFOjg
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPHXo9aFOjg
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# GRAB Stock Down 11% After Earnings - Here's What Investors Missed

**Channel**: smartCompass Value Investing  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPHXo9aFOjg

## Transcript

Hi there fellow investors. Grab reported very good uh earnings results. As you can see here, Grab raises fullear guidance after Q3 revenue up 22% onar but still the stock is down 11.7% now in pre-market trading. Why is that? I think the stock is actually a buy right now. The company is growing. They have strong fundamentals and as of today the stock price is lower so we can buy in cheaper. And in today's video, I'm going to explain to you why I think the stock is a buy. For this, I'm going to give you an earnings update. I'm going to explain what their competitive advantage is and where their growth opportunities lie. Um, we'll deep dive into the financials and at the end, I will give you my intrinsic value for the stock. So, stay around so you get the full picture. Thanks for tuning in and let's jump right in. [music] I already mentioned revenue came in higher than expected 22% a solid growth and they are reporting right here. Free cash flow also solid growth around 30%. Uh I think on demand gross merchandise value up 24%. This is why the stock has also gotten a lot of attention. They are developing their AV adoption and this will be a thing of the future. They are the Uber of Southeast Asia basically and we'll have to see uh what comes around like earnings wise after this but um they are early here and I think they will have an advantage an early mover advantage. On this slide we can see the gross merchandise value and the number of monthly transacting users and we can see the growth rate is picking up. So growth is actually accelerating and has been accelerating since Q1 2023 and this is also great news. And let me tell you, Southeast Asia is a huge market and I've been there and Grab is everywhere and nobody talks about um a different app. People do everything on there. They pay with the app, they order their food there, they get from A to B using Grab. They are just the big player and they are too big to fail in my eyes already. And on these slides, we just get an impression of how uh strong they are growing. You can see plus 56% uh robust growth in dispersals and bank customers. So they are also a fintech company by now which is actually their fastest growing segment um but I will still get to that. So they are the all round app in Southeast Asia. Here we get an impression of their revenue growth. Um the financials group is their biggest group and even this one is growing 22%. Um 23% for deliveries and what do we have here? Mobility 17% and financial services 39%. It's just every segment is growing strongly. They don't even have one bad segment. The the worst segment is growing 17%. So, um this is exceptional. I think this is a great opportunity especially as a long-term investment and the outlook is solid. Um they didn't change the upper end, they raised the lower end. So, I think this is fine. Um so, from here, I don't see any reason why the stock is down. Um so I think um expectations were even higher than this and this is one reason or the market is just being irrational which would be a great opportunity for value investors to buy the stock. Now let me briefly explain what their competitive advantage is to understand how they can grow. Actually they have a super app system or ecosystem in Southeast Asia and Indonesia mainly and I mentioned it they [clears throat] are a fintech. People can pay with the app they uh can get from A to B like Uber with the app. they can buy the groceries um with this app and if people uh use the app for everything um they will just use the app constantly and hence more advertising money will flow into the app and people um will pay fees uh via this app so this I understand this is one thing but then again you also have the second one deep localization because you could argue okay why doesn't Uber do this Uber is a big company and they have the same thing yes but Grab has this deep localiz ization they are from a Southeast Asia and Southeast Asia is different than the US for example so you need the knowledge of local regulations um and the payment systems and the cultural norms that's very important and this is in the main competitive advantage I see for Grab but also Grab has already like 70% of the market share in Southeast Asia yes you also have Goyak but they have like 20% of market share or something like this and they're comparatively small player well compared to Grab so as you and see there is no Uber there or no delivery hero and none of these companies because it's a different culture and this plays a huge role in this business context as well and the market is extremely large Southeast Asia there's a lot of people living there alone Indonesia is such a vast market that's hundreds of millions of people this is why I think this is such a good opportunity now let me give you some more arguments why I think the stock is a good buy as you can see revenue is growing strongly and the growth rate just doesn't come down. You can see it uh it stabilized around 20%. Um so it keeps growing and growing. Earnings per shares they turn profitable here and they will keep growing from here. Um so that's good. Free cash flow um you can see is positive has been positive for a while now. Yes, 2025 it came down a little but growth is expected to pick up here again as well. And debt to equity ratio is solid. It has been coming down. This just shows um quality of the management to me and it's uh way below the 40% line which is not an objective line just for me personally. PE ratio is very high but this is only because they just turn profitable and if you have earnings per share of like 1 cent or 2 cent then the PE ratio uh just is extreme sometimes. When we have a look at the PE ratio for the next 12 months, this looks already more realistic with 55. And if they have an EPS of 11 cents and then 15 cents maybe or 19 cents or something like this in 2 years or so, um then this PE ratio comes down to 25 or something and then things are starting to look way more realistic. The ROIC has been approaching zero right here. They are turning profitable here. So, um it will be interesting to keep watching where this ends up in 2025 and 2026. In my intrinsic value calculation, I get a value of $667 including margin of safety of 30%. The current price sits at $6 and better to say $5.56 um pre-market. So, let's add this right here. 5.56. I just typed it in. Okay. from the current price to my intrinsic value, that's an upside of 20%. And in the worst case scenario, um the stock goes down 14% which is negligible really. You just sit that out and you can buy more if that happens. So I'm very happy if I see something like this and and in the best case there's a good upside. So the riskreward relation here is really good. In the best case scenario 134%. What are my assumptions? my assumptions in the worst case scenario growth of 15% and I think they can easily do that PE ratio of 20 they are trading at 50 right now so going down to 20 would be yeah a major plunge so really the worst case scenario so in the worst case scenario $4 74 in the best case scenario a growth rate of 60% uh which in the best case scenario is realistic with a PE ratio of 50 uh I get an intrinsic value of $13 and in the normal case scenario I assume around 30% of growth and a PE ratio of 35. Um, and all this is based on the free cash flow of $565 million. As you can see, I'm quite convinced of the stock. It's a growing company. They have a solid mode and they have a big market that they can grow into and they are diversifying their segments. Uh, so I think it's a great opportunity uh especially now with the price being lower which I think is kind of irrational market behavior. Well, Mr. Market says hi. If I'm missing something here, guys, please let me know down in the comments below and let's discuss this possible investment together. Uh, would be awesome. Like and subscribe if you like more stock analyses like this. Thank you for tuning in today and I see you in the next one. [music]
