---
ticker: CRM
type: podcast_transcript
title: "Closing Bell Overtime: Salesforce Earnings & C3.AI Leadership Shake-Up; BlackRock’s Fall Outlook 9/3/25"
podcast: ""
date: 2025-09-03
audio_url: https://dts.podtrac.com/redirect.mp3/cnbc.simplecastaudio.com/d13412e5-373f-49ef-b0d3-745a4f74427f/episodes/02cbb86e-747b-44b9-a544-136ad09bce81/audio/128/default.mp3?aid=rss_feed&awCollectionId=d13412e5-373f-49ef-b0d3-745a4f74427f&awEpisodeId=02cbb86e-747b-44b9-a544-136ad09bce81&feed=Nh1wIaXT
language: auto
chars: 49557
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# Closing Bell Overtime: Salesforce Earnings & C3.AI Leadership Shake-Up; BlackRock’s Fall Outlook 9/3/25

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2025-09-03

---

## Transcript

Tom Steyer, when he says he's going to tax big corporations and the billionaires who own him, he needs it heclose the Trump property tax loophole that costs our state billions, standing with unions to fund schools and single payer guaranteed health care, and who take on Trump because I've been in enough corporate boardroto, know a crook when I see one and fight to abolish ice. Tom Steyer, progressive for governor, paid for by for governor, 2026. A rich life isn't a straight line to a destination on the horizon. Sometimes it takes an unexpected turn, with detours, new possibilities and even another passenger or three. And with 100 years of navigating ups and downs, you can count on Edward Jones to help guide you through it all. Because life is a winding path made rich by the people you walk it with. Let's find your rich together. Edward Jones, member sipc. Well, that's the end of regulation. Clearwater analytics bringing the closing belout, the New York Stock Exchange quantum sphere acquisition doing the honors of the nasdaq. It was a mixed day for the markets, with the nasdaq the leader boosted by alphabet and apple, the Dow posting its third straight negative session. The S&P having its first positive day in three. Communication services and discretionary are your sector leaders. Energy and industrials the laggards. Treasuries higher across the curve following a slide that put ts the 30 year close to 5% in earlier trading. That's the yields. The two year yields saw a drop mid morning as well following the weaker than expected jolts report. On the commodities front, oil prices falling more than 2% ahead of a weekend meeting of opec plus members. This comes after crude settled at the highest level since August fourth yesterday. On the flip side, though, gold crossing another all time high. This is the 20 ninth record closed for this year for gold futures, the gold miners etf hitting a 2011 high as well. Another bullish day for crypto two bitcoin closing near $112000 in ether, rallying nearly 5%. And that's a scorecard on Wall Street. But winner, stay late. Bucking the closing doover time. I'm John fort alongside Morgan Brennan, and we've got a stack show for your earnings coming up. Sales force us the second worst Dow stock this year. Figmu's first report as a public company, American eagle, had a busy quarter in the news thanks to Sydney Sweeney. Did that translate into sales and c three AI officially reporting after that rough pannouncement three weeks ago? CEO Tom sibuis going to join us following those numbers. But first, let's start with the big market story of the day and echo of overtime yesterday. Reactions to that judge's ruling. Google up, Big Apple two following along. Tech once again leading the way in. Christina parneus is at the nasdaq. Christina, nice setup because alphabet was really the key driver behind the S&P 500. And the nasdaq moves higher today, following, like you said, last night's ruling that Google would not be required to sell its chrome browser. That's why the Dow o was pretty much the only major indice that closed in the red today. Megatech though stocks surge after Google dodged a major antitrust bullet, the reason why bringing this up is the ruling really removes a key regulatory threat that's been hanging over the sector, especially as these companies grow more dominant through all of their AI build outs. That's why the Meg seven closed 2% higher wall. The equal weighted S&P 500 actually fell. And that tells us that this was a narrow, top heavy rally driven by the largest tech stocks, apple. And as an example, apple and alphabet together added over lar $340 billion in market cap just today, much larger than the market caps of chevron or Coca Cola. That megatech love, though, isn't really extending to nvidia. It posted its fifth straight negative session. I know, not really that negative. Barely, but still, we call it that recall. Yesterday, it closed below its 50 day moving average for the first time since may. That's actually a key level some traders look at when watching momentum organ. All right, Christina parts naus, thank you. And you just mentioned salesforce. Those numbers are at we're going through that report right now. We'll bring you the results momentarily here. Today's moves in the mag seven names, though, are reversal of the trend we've seen recently. Money has been moving out of big tech and into small cap since the middle of August. The mag seven is flat with the Russell 2000 up more than 5%. So joining us now is bd eight Capital Partners CEO and cio Barbara Durant and truest wealth co chief investment Officer Keith Lerner. It's great to have you both here. Keith, I'm to kick this one off with you because I saw a fun Stat today. September third has historically marked the monthly high for the S&P 500 since 1928. We know this month tends to be one of the weaker ones of the year for stocks. Where do you think we had from here? Yeah. Well, great to be with you. I think everyone's prepared for a challenge in September. I don't know if it's gonna to go perfectly that way, but I do think we're in a bit of a chop period. And no, we've been actually moving sideways somewhat for the last month. The S&P's up one, the nasdaq up about a half a percent since the end of July. But I think the big picture theme, though, is we've gone a long way. We still think this bull market deserves the benefit of the doubt. But when you look at, let's just say, the nasdaq or the S&P technology sector, over a four month period, it was up more than 50%. That's the strongest move we've seen over four months since 2000. So I think things got a little bit of stress with digesting it. The good news, the real positive news right now is we're seeing earning strength not only in tech but also borout as well. So I think at the end of the day, despite the next week or two, I would stay with the underlying trend, which is positive in our view. Okay. Well, let's keep talking tech because those sales force earnings around. Steve Kobek has the numbers for us. Hi, Steve. Yeah, they're Morgan and it's a beat on the top and bottom line. But we're seeing shares under pressure here a little bit because of guidance is a smidge light. Let me go over the numbers here. Eps was a beat at $2, $0.91. Street one to c 278. Revenues coming in at 10.24 billion. That's a beat from 10.14 billion the street wanted to see. And on that guidance, this is for the current fiscal Q3 revenue guide. It's a little light at 10.24 billion to 10.29 at the high end of that range. That's what the street was expecting. That could be why we're seeing shares down about two and a half percent now. Morgan? Okay. Steve Kovak, thank you. Don't miss Jim Kramer's interview with salesforce CEO mark Benny off coming up 6:00p.m.eastern on mad money. Barb, want to get your thoughts on what we got here from salesforce, especially since expectations were pretty low going into this report. Second worst performing Dow stock of the year. Yeah, I think they were very low. And so it would not be hard to beat poor. But I think even though they did beat on both earnings, the revenue is really about the guide. And the one growth growth driver they have right now is their agent force. And that's been gradual has not been rolled out in rapid deployment. One of your reporters mentioned earlier, it's about 100 million in users right now compared to a Microsoft, which has in the billions. And so it's helpful, but they're not it doesn't seem there's going to be an imminent growth turn. It's really just stable, steady growth, which is where the current valuation seems to be reflecting that. So we really have to see that get a lot more traction. And that's what be interesting on the conference call and what he sees there, but not encouraging that the guidance was reduced already. Barb siwith salforce for a moment, because I know you can talk about the stock. It's now trading down about 3% immediately after those numbers have come out here. And overtime, salesforce several quarters ago was under activist pressure because the narrative was that it overspent on acquisitions. But now the whole tech narrative has changed and all the big names are overspending on AI, whether it's acquisitions or talent specifically that's popular. And you're just talking about how salesforces AI products isn't keeping up growth wise with others. So does salesforce need to shift into a growth narrative out of that savings narrative completely? Either pay for some people or buy some stuff? Well, that's interesting point because it did attract a bunch of activists, investors and some of the best in the business. So if anybody was gonna to help turn around would be some of these guys. You know what I think right now it is about AI. They've got low growth. I mean, they've got safe business. They were one of the original players you know in this space and automating you know, all these kinds of services, but they've got the AI is really going to make a difference. And so we'll see what they can do. I'm not sure they can juice it up enough to really get back on a growth track as it is. It's hard to see much downside here given it is a steady state business, but we'll see over time. I mean, AI could end up eating their lunch through the automation. All right, hold tight. Figma earnings are out. The stock is heading lower. MacKenzie siggales has the numbers. Mac, Hey, John. So figma here putting out its first earnings report since going public, revenue jumping 41% from a year ago, coming in just ahead of estimates at $250 million. But the real highlight is guidance Q3 revenues projected at 263 million to 265 million versus the streets, 257 million. The full year guide is at 1.02 billion to 1.03 billion, also above consensus. Important to note that its Q3 revenue growth rate is projected to slow down. CEO Dylan field telling our Jordan novtte that's because it's up against tough comps from last year's product launch. Eps printed at zero with no prior estimates. There's nothing to benchmark against those shares down almost 10% and extended trade with that call starting at about 5:00. All right, John MacKenzie, thank you. Given how much that stock has run up from the ipo price, maybe the whisper number was a bit higher? Or Keith, give me your take on the overall market post that judge's antitrust remedy announcement. And over time yesterday, that had Google so much higher, that had apple so much higher, we've been talking about a rotation away from the large cap technology stocks into other stuff. Is that over? I don't think it's necessarily over, but I don't think it has to be all in none either way. I mean, we still think the secular the dominant theme of this bull market is AI, and that's where the earnest momentum remains the strongest. You know, if you listen to in videos call last week, they're talking about CapEx moving from 600 billion annually to 3 trillion by the end of the decade. So I think I want to stay focused on the prize there. But on the margin, I also see a better environment for small caps. Not only have they underperformed a lot, where still on the sethose earnings start to move forward. At the same time, investessel are very underweight the group. So again, longer term, stole of away tech. But we have on the margin boosted our small caposition and because we think the risk reward has actually improved led by those better earnings that we're seeing now. Yeah, barb, I want to get your thoughts, a, on figma, especially after such a strong ipo and b, on the fact that in general, it seems like the ipo pipeline is starting to thaw out a little more meaningfully here. And we have roshows being launched by Clarina, by BlackRock coffee bar, by Gemini and a number of others here into the fall season too. Well, I think that you when these ipo's came out, and this is and figma was not the first one, but it benefited from some of the other ones, center Internet, other ones that have really popped up. I mean, this stock was up 250% you know, on the same day and actually got as high as, you know, more than twice, I think, 140 something. And it's now bacto in the lar 70 range. So I think this is sort of part of that. You know everything was going well in the market. You know, things look good. The Goldilocks and you had a lot of meme stock inso. I think, you know, the ipo market is alive and well and open. You're gonna to have these extreme reactions. Now figma coming into this, they really have to prove, and we'll see. It's going to be very important what they see in the conference call because they've been in the hyper growth area and they need to manage lower growth. Still high. But the question is, can they maintain 40% revenue growth? Now they came in at 41%, but it sounded like they're lowering it for the third quarter. That is not good. And so the question is where they see the competition. They're already in 95% of S&P 500 companies. Is it groselling upselling where they're going to gain shared? What are their other products they're thinking about what's going to have with margins. They're in a heavy reinvestment stage and margins. It may be like Amazon and their growth days. It may not be so important if they really have the opportunities to build. But you know we have to see you know what they say on the first call because I think the stock is very expensive, particularly you compare to something like an Adobe now now down about 11%. Hold on, we got more earnings. American Eagle Outfitters a soaring like well, an eagle here on results. Gabrielle fon Rouge has the results. Gabby Yeah American eagle reporting revenues of hold on, we still have it coming in now. 1.28 billion on estimates of 1.24 billion and that's a big eps beat $0.45 on $0.21. This has been an interesting quarter for American eagle. It had a huge marketing campaign with Sydney Sweeney. Obviously, that had some blowback, but what the company said is that it's been their best to date. Something else that we're looking at is the comps and the guidance that's coming in. Earlier this year, American eagle withdrew its full year guidance and it reissued that guidance. Now one of the big things that we're gonna to be looking at is operating income. It had previously been anticipating operating income to be a lot higher, but because of tariffs, it brought that down. All right, Gabrielle fon Rouge, thanks for scrambling that together on short notice. Appreciate it. Let's see. Are we ready for c three AI? All right, let's get you c three AI's results. I want to remind you that there was a pre announcement about three weeks ago with disappointing revenue numbers. The stock was down on that. Here we have c three AI reporting Q1 revenues of 70 million versus the 95 million expected, an adjusted loss of $0.37 versus a 20 cent loss expected. And then on the guide, which is important here, because of that prere announcement guiding A Q two revenue of 72 to 80 million versus the prior expectation of $101 million, the full year guidance has been withdrawn. Now that full year revised full year guidance is coming next quarter with the Q3 guide. So theyguide to Q3 as well as Q4. And then I suppose we can expect that eventually when we get to Q4, they will give the next fiscal year guidance as well. And we're going to talk more about this coming up. Don't miss a first on cnbc interview with Tom siebl, the cofounder and now executive chairman of c three AI because there's a new CEO who's going to join us as well, the new CEO of c three AI. All right ith okay, we're going to wrap up this conversation. Barb and Keith, thank you both for joining us to kick off the hour and run through these earnings with us with a mixed picture for the major averages. The S&P finishing at 64, 48 here. We just Yeah got results from salforce. Those are under pressure, quite a bit of pressure for that stock right now and have been an underperformer already compared to the rest of tech and the rest of the Dow o this year. So are these results? Well, they're not gonna to help the stock play catch up yet. Doesn't look like now, but we'll will still dig through the results. And Macy's speaking of soaring, but Dollar Tree sinking following their results. We've got details on those retail reports when overtime returns as well. Tom Steyer, when he says he's going to tax big corporations and the billionaires who own them, he needs it heclose the Trump property tax loophole that costs our state billions standing with unions to fund schools and single payer guaranteed health care. And hetake on Trump because I've been in enough corporate boardroto, know a crook when I see one and fight to abolish ice. Tom Steyer, progressive for governor, for governor, 2026. Support for today's episode comes from square. If you've ever tapped to pay and thought, Whoa, I was fast, it was probably square. Square is the platform behind the scenes of so many businesses you already love. Whether someone selling smoothies, cutting hair, fixing bikes or running a boutique, square gives them one connected system to take payments, manage inventory, run payroll, send invoices and track it all from one place. This isn't just a point of sale. Square includes hardware that works in person and on the go, software for managing staff, marketing and customer insights, and banking tools like square checking to get paid instantly. Square is smart, transparent and built for the way people actually run their businesses. No contracts, no hidden fees. Right now, you can get up to $200 off square hardware at square dot com slash go slash closinbell. That's squ arr dot com slash go o slash closing bell. Run your business smarter with square. Get started today. Ready to set yourself up for financial success this year. Monarch is the all in one personal financial tool that brings your entire financial life, budgeting, accounts and investments, net worth and future planning together in one simple dashboard on your phone or laptop. Unlike other personal finance apps, monarch is built to make you proactive by helping you plan ahead for what's next. Tracking your money is easier than ever with monarchs popular data visualizations, including Sankey diagrams, pie charts and more. You can also see a clear visual of your investment portfolio performance compared to the S&P 500. And it's not just about numbers. Monarch helps improve financial conversations too, by allowing you to share your account with a partner or financial advisor. Set yourself up for financial success in 2026 with monarch, the all in one tool that makes proactive money management simple all year long. Use code bell at monarch dot com for half off your first year. That's 50% off your first year at monarch dot com with code bell. Welcome back to overtime. It's a mixed bag for retail today. Macy's storing after the company delivered its best comparable sales growth in three years and as a result, raising its full year outlook. Macacy is also raising its expected impact from tariffs, but saying the consumer has remained resilient. Those shares finished up almost 21%. Dollar Tree, on the other hand, down 8% as it warranant tariff related costs will pressure earnings even as customers become more price sensitive. The CEO saying the company is seeing growth from middle and higher income customers during the quarter. All right, let's get another check on salforce. Those shares are falling post earnings off the lows, but still down about three point a half percent despite reporting a beat on earnings and revenue for the second quarter. And joining us now is gill lauoria from da Davidson. Gill, is this a case of whiplash where sales force was getting criticized for being inefficient? But now the market's attention is turned to growth. And despite what Benioff has said about this being a year of AI, the growth numbers aren't quite measuring up. They're really not delivering on either front. Their margins this year are going to be relatively flat. The quarter beat by a little bit, and they guided a little lower than consensus for next quarter. So let's call it an essentially inline quarter. And to Morgan's point from earlier, expectations were very low. So the fact that they disappointed even low expectations tells you where we're at. The growth is no longer there. They're not expanding margins fast enough. They really are stuck. And they really will need those activist investors to do what they did two years ago, which is to encourage the company to go out for that next level of margin expansion as it manages growth. Well, I could argue, so let me give it a try, that there are very few legacy application powerhouses that are doing great out of the gate on AI. I mean, if you look at Adobe, it's been having trouble as well, not at salesforce, but service now has sort of already transformed itself. I don't know if you can really call that legacy in the same way. Isn't perhaps a matter of adjusting to what this reality is because these aren't hyperscalers. These aren't data center infrastructure providers. That's right. We shouldn't have too high expectations for they art business. They are growing it well from a very small base. We're more focused on the bigger picture. We actually think that at some point last year, they were emphasizing the AI product so much that they dropped the ball on the 98% of the business, and that's why the growth decelerated so much. And actually, let me say that the silver lining and the results we're looking at right now is that growth in the two big cloud, sales cloud and service cloud looks like they're stabilized. So that's the good news, is the big part of the business, the 98% of the business is stabilizing AI growth. We don't need to have very high expectations they will grow that. What's a lot more important is how they manage their core business to sustain growth there. And then again, the big opportunity for salforce isn't to accelerate that revenue. That's going to be very hard. The big opportunity is that their margins are still ten points lower than Adobe. They're 15 points lower than palentier. They can do a lot better. And when the activists come in, that's what they're going to be focused on. So how do they do that? Because they talk about it here in the release that they're on track for fiscal 20 sixth to be a record year with nearly $15 billion in operating cash flow. They're boosting the share buyback program. We know they just made another acquisition with Informatica. How do they continue to boost those margins and boost that growth? So first of all, not to make a lot more acquisitions. And Matica was fine. It was really struggling at the time salesforce bought them, but they didn't have to pay a very high price for it. As long as salesforce doesn't make other big acquisitions, it can tighten the belt on all the fronts, on all those opex items, the gnna, the sales of marketing, the R&D, these are all things that are at such a scale. They should be able to get a lot more leverage out of those lines, and that's how they're going to get the real earnings growth is by doing that, not making dilutive acquisitions and then cutting costs across the board. If CEO betoff did talk about the fact that they're internally leveraging the technology to be more efficient on things like call center, that is the opportunity to double down on that in order to drive those higher margins. Okay, galoria, thank you for joining us. We shares a salesforce down about 35% right now here on overtime. We have a news alert on apple and Steve kobec has the numbers for us. Hi, Steve. Hey, not exactly numbers here, but we do have some new details now, Morgan, about apple's AI plans. Bloomberg reporting that is part of that big Siri update with artificial intelligence they're planning for next year. They're going to incorporate web search, Internet search. This is very similar. If you've used Google lately, you see those Google Gemini AI overviews, or if you've used ChatGPT or perplexity, where they kind of give you the full answer with text and video and things like that. It sounds like now apple is considering incorporating that into the iOS system and Siri specifically. This is new. A year ago, when we first learned about apple intelligence and the plans for this sii update, they did not talk about web search. It was more like a personal assistant. So it sounds like the ambitions have gotten a little bit bigger here as far as how they're going to pull this off, partnering with a company like Google or anthropic or opai, it use their large language models in order to power this. We know apple has really struggled to build its own AI systems, and we see shares off barely a little bit, but they did climb a bit into the closed after this report crossed. Morgan, I'll send it back over to you. All right. Somebody is going to pay them a lot of money. The apple most likely to help to power that. That tends to be how it works. All right. Steve Koback, thank you. Well, big tech rally today, gold keeps shining as well. Another new record high about dollar thousand 600 announce, what does gold's record run tell us about market sentiment? Mike santoly's, going to take a look at that next. And we just heard a few weeks ago that Tom Sebel was stepping down as CEO of c three AI, moving to executive chairman. Now we know who the new CEO is, Stephen ahikian, a former salesforce is conducas. A matter of fact, they're both about to join us as the stock is down 14% after the earnings report. Stay with us. Tom Steyer, when he says he's going to tax big corporations and the billionaires who own them, he needs it heclose the Trump property tax loophole that costs our state billions standing with unions to fund schools and single payer guaranteed health care. And hetake on Trump because I've been in enough corporate boardroto, know a crook when I see one and fight to abolish ice. Tom, yer grefor governor, paid for by yer for governor. 2026. This is the exclusive table with the view. This is your name on the list. This is three times points on dining with chase sapphire reserve and a 300 dining credit. Chase sapphire reserve now even more rewarding. Learn more. Chase com slasapphireserve cards issued by jp Morgan chase bank and member fdic, subject to credit approval. Welcome back to overtime. Gold's breakout is eye catching in large part because of what it suggests about broader market sentiment. Let's track the momentum and what a key ratio was telling us about risk appetite. Senior Marcus commentator Mike santolly here with a look. Mike? Yeah, John. I mean, gold is a little bit of a chameleon, right? It can benefit from high liquidity environments, macro stress, all these different indicators, high inflation expectations. But it didn't really do that well in the inflationary boom. Here we have it hitting a new record and really accelerating to the upside. And I have it here over two years compared to its 50 day moving average just to see it in relation to its own trend. So you see when it's kind of raced out ahead of itself a little bit in these prior periods when it's spiked far above that 50 day, that was when it got about 10% above. And then you have a little bit of a pullback. You notice it didn't spend much time below that 50 day average at all, but right now, we're maybe 7% above, so not necessarily as stretched as we bend. There's a lot of a claim that's followed this chart, basically feeling as if youwant to follow the trend and not fight it. Take a look though at gold relative to copper. This is an indicator. I mean, maybe it's a little bit archaic, but people always watched it as a gauge of whether their store of value is in more demand in gold form or if it's a productive assets in a play on global growth, such as with copper. And you see it's kind of gone back to this old peak from right in the teeth of the original pandemic lockdown. So obviously, gold very stretched right up the copper. It recently had this another leg higher as copper prices fell in New York. This is based on New York copper in part because there's some nuances of how tariffs are gonna to be applied. Nonetheless, you see that this relationship is maybe getting a little bit ahead of itself. And finally, gold compared to the Dow Jones Industrial Average. This again is one from the archives that used to be monitored. Is it about gold as a monetary asset and store value? Or is it about productive asset such as big company? So again, we're off the highs here, but you're still kind of not too far from the upper end of this long term range. Doesn't necessarily say which way we're going here, but it does tell you that there's been a real pile into gold for people of various motivations, and it could just be about sort of policy flux globally and a lot of money in motion out of areas where the currencies have been under some pressure. You're talking about gold and copper. I heard you say claim, engage. I'm a pun guy, so I like to think that's on purpose, but I want to ask you about a lot of times we think about gold, we think about a safety trade, and this doesn't seem a market that's been that interested in safety. So has that effect broken down? It's very interesting, John. It almost does seem as if it's safety from certain things. So if you're worried about, let's say, in theory, worried about irresponsibly loose monetary policy or that it's going to stoke longer term structural inflation expectations, well, that is something that you might say gold would be protection from, but equities can do okay there. So it looks like there's equities that can participate in that, and that looks like risk gone. So that's why I say it's a little bit tough to sort of really get a grip on exactly what the message is when gold is doing well. And now you just have the trend followers saying, you know, we just like to take the ride along with this price. Yeah and whether it's gold or whether it's copper, the miners will tell you we're not pulling enough of either of them out of the ground to meet the future demand. Supply sides not there. Yeah Mike central, I will see you later this hour. We'll time now for a cnbc news update with Bertha Coombs. Hi, Bertha. Hi. Republican Senator Tom Tillis told politico today that he will not consider a nominee to replace Federal Reserve governor Lisa cook until the legality of President Trump's move to fire her is determined in court. The president moved to fire cook last week, citing allegations of mortgage fraud. Fellow Republican Mike rounds later told our Emily Wilkins that he's leaning in a similar direction. Tillis and rounds are senior members of the Senate Banking Committee and key swing votes in a closely divided committee. La clippers star Coey Leonard allegedly received a lar 28 million no work contract from a now bankrupt environmental company with ties to the team and owner Steve Bommer. According to the podcast Pablo Torres speaks out, which reported the move was done to avoid counting the money under the salary cap. Torre tells cnbc he spoke with seven anonymous former employees of the environmental startup and collected thousands of pages of documents. Clippers say neither bomber nor the team circumvented the cap, and any contrary assertion is probably false. The nba says it is launching an investigation back over to you. All right, berrentha cobs. Thank you. We've got a news alert out of Washington. Meantime, Megan Casella has the details for us. Hi, Megan. Hey. Morgan, through a federal judge up in Boston, has now ruled that the Trump administration's move to freeze about $22 billion worth of grants headed to Harvard University, saying that it was illegal. This was a federal judge saying that the administration now needs to unfreeze that nearly two, $2 billion in grants, saying that it was valilative of the First Amendment. Now remember, this is something that dates back to somewhere up in April where the Trump administration moved to freeze all of this money, saying that Harvard was not submitting their demands to sort of audit their dei regulations to report international students who break their rules to overhaul hiring. Harvard then pushed back on the move to freeze the grants, challenging it in court, the judge now ruling that they do have to unfreeze that dollar, $2.2 billion in grants, which should be a big move for Harvard. We had heard that research and other things had been paused amid the funding freeze. Now that money should start to flow again. Morgan, okay. Of course you're staying busy this week. Megan Casella, thank you. It's been a good start to the year. The S&P 500 is up nearly 10%. We've got four months to go. September is traditionally the worst month of the year, though. So where do stocks head from here? Well, BlackRock just out with its fall outlook. The firm's chief us investment strategist joins us next. Stay with us. Welcome back to overtime. Two of the broader averages higher today and nearly 1% gain for the nasdaq. The down closing basically flat slightly in the red earnings for watching overtime. Hewlett Packard enterprise beon earnings and revenue, the CEO saying they're raising guidance now that its acquisition of Juniper Networks is done. American eagle jumping after beating on earnings and revenue, saying its ads with Travis Kelsey and Sydney Sweeney paid off. And figma sinking after its first report as public company reported in Latin Quarter. Figma says it plans to keep investing in AI, expects to monetize the AI driven features in the long term. On meantime, BlackRock publishing its fall investing outlook with a bold call. The traditional stocks and bonds portfolio relationship has broken down. The investment giant saying it expects AI strength to continue despite high valuations, while recommending clients look at bonds. Joining us now onset is BlackRock chief investment and portfolio strategist for the America's Garge Chowdry Garge. Great to have you back. Welcome. It's great to be here. Thank you for having me. Let's start right there with that bold call. Because you talk about the fact that it's a different regime today and you don't see it going anywhere for a while. Sure. Absolutely. So this is something that has been happening since the pandemics over the last five years or so. One of the things that we're looking at is just the shift in volatility of a traditional 6:40. So if you had the ag and just the S&P 500, very traditional, something that many investors have in a 6:40 wait, what you've had now is similar returns to the five years prior to the pandemic. But unfortunately, the volatility of that has picked up meaningfully. So a 70% pickup in volatility in that same 6040 makes x, while at the same time, what we're finding is the correlations. So the way in which they move together or not together has shifted quite a bit. So pre pandemic, stocks and bonds moved in the same direction only about 50% of the time. Now what we're seeing is that stocks and bonds move in the same direction about 70% of the time. That's not actually what people want. What people want is for them to move in opposite directions. That's why you have it in a portfolio, which is really the thesis that we're starting our fall investment directions with this idea that there are a few structural changes that have taken place. A lot of them are in the very long end of the bond market, which has a much more positive correlation to stocks than it had in the pre pandemic. That's literally where it's gonna to go to you. I realize you saw some stabilization in the bond market today, but this has been a global phenomenon to sell off in bonds across the world. What do you make of it and where do you position yourself in light of it? Absolutely. So to your point, more recently, this has been a global phenomenon. But if we don't look at just the last month or so, but if we think back to even the last year, what we've seen is the long bond or anything that's greater than maybe the seven year part of the curve has not had that traditional negative correlation to stocks as the pre pandemic period. So you haven't had much reward for the risk that you are taking holding treasuries or credit for a longer period of time than if you just held it in the front end of what we call the belly of the curve. So we still think bonds are extremely attractive. We are telling investors to go to something like the BlackRock income fund, which is an actively managed etf that is offering you about 6% yield with not a lot of duration risk. So we do think fixed income makes a tremendous amount of sense, but where you source your duration from and where you source your yield from is really important. Why this time? I mean, investors who thought three or so years ago, Oh, well, there's a very good value there. I should buy it now. Now it's extremely good, right? Because that bet didn't work out. Why is it going to work out this time on bonds? Why can you buy them and not expect them to? Right? So a few things. The first is buying them in the belly of the curve and recognizing the yield availability, whether you own treasuries or whether you own corporate credit, whether you own securitized credit or a multi sector portfolio. Of course, bus bonds, which has all of these, when you buy that, you're harnessing much higher yield than you could three years ago. So the starting point is really attractive. The second point is just the cycle that we're about to get into. So the Fed most likely is going to cut rates later this month, and again, they might cut rethink again in December. So this idea that you're not going to have as much in a cash or a cash like holding will actually rethink, enable a lot of people to step out. They're not going all the way to equities. But where we think theystep out into is these traditional sources of income that you didn't have three years ago, five years ago. All right, we'll see how it works out. Gargy charger. Thank you from black rock. Well, c three AI shares falling after reporting earnings. Up next, executive chairman and founder Tom sibl breaks down the quarter. Plus we're going to be joined by the company's newly announced CEO and later, Mike santoys back. He's going to dig into what could potentially be a turning point for the jobs market and what it could mean for a potential fed rate cut later this month. Well back, c three AI shares falling in overtime after reporting results at the top of the hour off the lows, but still down considerably, about 10% and overtime. The company had pre announced these results on August eleventh. The stock fell 25%. On that news, c three AI also announcing now it is found a new CEO to replace Tom Sebel, Stephen ahikian. And joining us now is c three AI executive chairman Tom seeble and the new CEO, Stephen ahikian. Gentlemen, welcome. Can't wait to talk to both of you. So let me dive right in. Tom? Got to start on the quarter and specifically the guide, because that's more of what's new gets to what I was asking you about last time you were here with us. I know you're not giving guidance yet, but I think investors are wondering to what extent the Q1 miss was an anomaly versus you're going to be rebuilding momentum in sales as if you fell back a couple years. This was a disaster. Okay? And so that was you know it's inexcusable. You know we take this very seriously that this was our 19 th public quarter, and in the first 18 quarters, we met or exceeded our guidance. So this is the first time we missed and it was kind of what what can go wrong will go wrong. Now if you look at what really happened here, there's a 30 million dolmiss sing the quarter, you know, the great bulk up, which is in subscription revenue. So if you miss in Q1, that same 30 million kind of comes out of because due to the nature of recurring revenue comes out of Q2, Q3 and Q4. So that effectively reduces the year by almost $85 million. So there really is no news in the restatement. It's kind of a mathematical certainty from the guidance we gave before. And it's you know it was execution error that was due to a lot of new executives coming in, in various senior roles. And as you know, I had a number of unexpected health issues that came up in the course of this period. So it's not able to be as active in the details of the businesses as I have historically been. And you know in hindsight, that had an effect on the quarter. Now please introduce to us new CEO who sold a couple of companies to salesforce, also happens to be reporting today. Tell me about the process that brought you to Stephen hikithank. You, John. Well, we conducted a very thorough search where we considered a number of candidates. We've been doing this for some time, and I think we announced the search actually in July. And then we were introduced to Steven by a close colleague of mine over many decades. And I think in Stephen, we have an experienced technology executive, somebody who knows the operations of the federal government inside and out, an experienced, a manager who has built and sold successful companies, and somebody with deep domain expertise in AI. I think we have right person, right place, right time, right company, right market. John, let me introduce Stephen. Steven, Stephen, what's unique about c three AI? Where do you think your experience is going to add for this company? Well, I'm so excited to be here. The market opportunity for enterprise AI is exploding. Every major company government is actually thinking how terly transition from just testing AI to actually implementing it across their core operations. C three, AI has the technology platform and applications that customers need today. Our technology is actually being used by some of the most viable companies in the world in some of the most difficult environments. For me personally, it is a thrill and honor to be actually learning from Tom Siebel as well, who invented this category as well as this phenomenal team. So between the market opportunity, the technology, our customers, our employees, it was a very easy decision to join. Well, you've got a really interesting combination of skills in building product and now federal government expertise. And that's so much a part of where this company has been looking at growing. What do you think is the key to building loyalty and growth in that category? Got to continue delivering value to the customers. I think my time of the gsa, it was an absolute honor to serve as the leader of the gsa. We accomplished a tremendous amount. Most notably, we modernized the federal procurement process. We lowered the barriers of bringing in new technologies into government, and we were implementing President Trump's AI action plan. So within those experiences, it's giving me a unique perspective of how the federal government operates. And my goal is to make c three AI easier to purchase, easier to be trusted and easier to be adopted across government. And the commercial sector. Has the playbook for doing that when it comes to government engagement significantly changed with the advent of AI and some of the changes that you mentioned that the Trump administration has made the government's open for business. Right now, I would say what we do is the hard part. Testing and demoing AI is easy. I've seen thousands of demos. What's really hard is to implement AI at scale across core mission critical operations. That's what c three does. That's what we'll continue to do, and that's how we're gonna to demonstrate value to our customers. Stephen? Thank you. Tom Siebel, thanks for coming on with us here on overtime, good times and bad. Look forward to seeing what you guys do next. Tom sibl and Stephen hikian. Well, up next, Mike santoly is back. He's breaking down new data showing a softening labor market and what it could mean for the August jobs report. The Fed and your investments stay with us. Welcome back. A fresh rate on the labor market out today, and it may be telling the Fed more than Friday's jobs number. Will Mike santois back? He's breaking down what's shifting beneath the surface ahead of this week's big report, which comes Friday. Mike? Yeah, I'm working. So this is the jolts report now this is July date. It's reported with a bit of a lag, but it showed incremental loosening of the labor supply demand dynamic. And one way to read that is the number of job openings in total relative to the total number of unemployed workers at a given moment. And you see it's barely dipped below one. So for a long time, for the last four years, there have been more job openings than unemployed Americans, at least those saying they were looking for a job. Obviously, it's not a one for one fit between unemployed and jobs, but this was one of those indicators where for a long time, fed chair Powell was pointing to it and saying, look, the labor markets tight. We have to keep money restrictive. Obviously, that case has kind of gone away. On the other hand, you can also see this as a labor market in rough balance. There's an equilibrium here. You have labor supply coming down as well. So it's not necessarily a jobs emergency, but it's something that supports the case along with some other data that you do have a slackening in labor conditions. And even within the data, state and local was weak and the jolts number, manufacturing took a big drop in job openings as well. Now the result, the market is trying to price what the Fed's going to do. Take a look at two year note yield. This is a two year chart of the two year yield, and it was pretty much flirting with the lows from that April kind of growth and tariff panic that we had, around 3.6%. We were a little bit lower than that actually last fall. That was the major growth scare that immediately coincided with the Fed's decision to cut by 50 basis points from the cycle highs of five and a quarter. We are at one percentage point lower than that right now, keep in mind. So the gap between the two year yield and the Fed funds rate is smaller than it was back then, but it has been growing. Okay. So we seeing some softening of labor data, including jolt so far today ahead of this jobs report on Friday. It makes the case, I would imagine the market certainly seems to be pricing yet for a 25 basis point cut. What would make the case for a 450 basis point for a more jumbo cut? I mean, a negative minus sign in front of the jobs print on a Friday might do it. I think that would at least get the chatter going. Right now, the forecast is for 70, 75000 net new jobs. That is now what some people estimate is just necessary to just keep the unemployment rate stable. So that's low by the past standards. But right now, because supply has been going down, that might be good enough to kind of keep us status quo. All right, mithanks, while we'll get more data on the labor market tomorrow, we'll get you set up for that, plus the earnings that should be on your radar right here on overtime. And be sure to tune into squat box tomorrow morning when Michael Ozanian reveeal cmbbc's official 2025 nfl team valuation list. This is ahead of the season kickoff. And then right here on overtime, we will speak with Dallas Cowboys owner and general manager Jerry Jones about his team's valuation and about the business of football. Stay with us. Welcome back to overtime. Let's check once again on the big movers. American eagle soaring up nearly 25% after a blowout quarter. Earnings were $0.45a share versus expectations of 21. The ad campaign with Sydney Sweeney launched July 20 third with the stock at about ten. Now it's at 17. Asana rising after narrow beats on earnings and revenue. Gitlab falling about 9% as revenue guidance comes up short. And pager duty also lower by about 3%, about a million dollars shy on revenue. Well, let's get you set up with tomorrow's trade today. On the economics front, we will get the July trade deficit, August adp employment report, weekly jbis claims, the latest ism services index, and then itbe another big hour of earnings right here on overtime when we get results from Broadcom, Luu, lemon dsign and uipath. And of course, Broadcom in particular is going to be in focus, John, given the tech trade, what we heard from salesforce today and some of the other names in the last couple of weeks and what we're seeing and hearing about AI. Yeah Broadcom's got, of course, that core chips business, but now it's also got VMware that it acquired. So a lot of chips, a little bit of software as well. Salesforce, the big one this hour, down 4%, feast and famine was software. Google up big after yesterday and salesforce down big today. Yeah the other thing to watch chmaris gonna to be White House chief economist, cea director Stephen Myron is going to be appearing before the Senate Banking Committee as well for that fed position. But that's going to do it first here at overtime, fast money starts. Now Tom Steyer, when he says he's going to tax big corporations and the billionaires who own them, he needs it. Don't close the Trump property tax loophole that costs our state billions standing with unions to fund schools and single payer guaranteed health care and hetake on Trump because I've been in enough corporate board ardrooms to know a crook when I see one and fight to abolish ice. Tom Steyer, progressive for governor, paid for by Steyer for governor, 2026.
