---
ticker: CRM
type: podcast_transcript
title: "TIVP044: Salesforce (CRM): Agentforce or AI-Native? w/ Daniel Mahncke & Shawn O’Malley"
podcast: ""
date: 2025-11-02
audio_url: https://www.podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/pdst.fm/e/traffic.megaphone.fm/PPLLC9058774080.mp3
language: auto
chars: 82816
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# TIVP044: Salesforce (CRM): Agentforce or AI-Native? w/ Daniel Mahncke & Shawn O’Malley

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2025-11-02

---

## Transcript

The prevailing narrative is that software companies will be killed by AI, but salesforce is not only deeply embedded in tens of thousands of the largest companies in the world, is also the first mover in the AI agents space. The situation reminds me a lot of Adobe where you've had the stock that just gets continually punished despite having very solid fundamental financial performance because the market prefers you bet on the potential and excitement of AI rather than looking at actual cash flows. Well, at least it's a good hunting going for us. I mean, statforce alls traat its lowest multiple in many, many years while doubling down off cash flow and margins. But there are some yellow flags as well. And despite great performance in the past, I think the CEO is one of them, and that's what we will discuss today. You're listening to the intrinsic value podcast by the investors podcast network. Since 2014, with over 180 million downloads, we've learned directly from the world's best investors. Now we're applying those lessons to analyze businesses and investment opportunities every week, helping you uncover intrinsic value. And now here are your hosts, Sean O'Malley and Daniel Monka. Today's episode is about a company that has seen quite the roller coaster ride in the last few years. Since the pandemic in 2020, the stock has had five declines of over 20%, with the biggest one coming in 2022 in the stock more than halved. But there's another big one going on right now. I'm talking about salforce. Year to date, the stock is down over 25%. And in your hints last week, Daniel, you joke that we tend to buy companies that are high quality, but for one reason or another, we find ourselves looking at companies that are maybe on the top ten list of worperformers for the S&P 500 when we actually initiate a position in them. And salesforce isn't doing quite that badly right now, but it is getting close. And Lulu and Adobe are some other examples of companies that we think are really high quality, but have definitely been bedown of late. It's not that easy to stay rational and unbiased when we search a company that's down 25 more percent. And as you know, news tends to move with a stock price. So whenever you look at a company that had a tough year on the stock market, the headlines about the company tend to be pretty Beish as well. But there are many examples of stocks that found themselves on the S&P's worst performlist at some point and then later on outperformed from there. And that's what we both hope lululemon will do. And perhaps you come to the conclusion today that salesforce will be one of those companies as well. Okay. Well, your pitch today, Daniel, so where do you want to start? Well, I don't know about you one, but when I thought about salesforce before doing my research, there was a bit of a blank spot there. When you think about other big tech companies, you have at least an intuitive thought of what they do. And I think that's not really the case with salesforce, at least not for me. And I'm not even talking about understanding the company on a deep level yet. But I would bet that if you ask your friends what I don't know, let's say space acex stars, they will at least know that it would roit, and maybe some of them will even know that they have a satellite project as well. And it's similar for companies like Tesla, Amazon or Google. But when I asked some friends about salesforce, few of them had any idea what I was even talking about. And I know that's mostly because salesforce is not A B two C Company, meaning it does not sell its products to individual consumers. Salesforce customers are businesses and mostly large enterprises, organizations like the us government. But even people who work with salesforce lack an intuitive sense of exactly what their products can do, and at least when it comes to applications outside of their daily use case at work. I actually used to work with some salesforce products back when I was at s and P Global as my first job out a college. But I would agree that it's not a very intuitive company to understand. And I think the same goes for many of its products. They're really powerful, so you can do a lot of cool stuff with them. But man, they get really complex pretty quickly. And I remember knowing how to do maybe a few tasks in salesforce, but it was always this overwhelming feeling when I would open it up. I was always worried about like messing something out for the whole organization. And it's just funny, because if youask me, whether I work with salesforce now at the investors podcast, I would have said no. But then you told me that slack is owned by salesforce. So we're a slack company, not a Microsoft Teams company. And and slack is what we use to communicate every every single day. So much of the planning for our episodes actually goes on via slack, thanks to salesforce. Well, fortunately, it's one of the easy apps to use in the salesforce ecosystem. So there's not much potential for the two of us to mess up anything if we use slack. So generally, I guess, the first question that we have to answer talking about salesforce alls is what even is salesforce? And the technical answer to this would be that salesforce is a so called crm tool, and the crm tool stands for customer relationship management. And I recently had to make a call to an online twelve agency with which I booked a couple of tours during my recent vacation on the Dominican Republic, which we talked about quite a lot before the call. And I also booked some flights with them. And while it was a total mess and a real headache to talk to them, I was surprised by how much information they could recall about me and my bookings just within seconds. And even when I talked to different people from different departments, and I'm not sure whether their company was a salesforce customer, but gathering and unifying all that customer data is what salesforce and also all the other cim companies do. They basically help collect and organize customer information so that, in theory, calls like the ones I had can go smoothly and problems can be solved quickly. Of course, it's just one part of what salesforce does because the ecosystem is just huge. In fact, I would argue that salesforce is pretty much like a crm, but on steroids, because its product suis, just so incredibly wide. Maybe we shouldn't travel together anymore, because whenever you're traveling it it feels like you always have some terribly stressful trip. Daniel, earlier this year, when you're flying to Berkshire, there was all sorts of delays. Then in Montana, you got sick, and then now you're getting stuck with customer service. On your vacation to the Dominican, you might just be a cursed traveler. You know I had a bit of bad luck, but I would say overall the triops went pretty smoothly this time. I, the airline just thought it would be a good idea to cancel my flights home instead of just rescheduling them like I wanted to. But I did figure it out and I'm back home now. So I feel like I'm just travelling so much more since joining tip that I learned something new every single trip. Sometimes it's about how to handle one cancelled flight after another, and other times, just how to get back deleted tickets. Who knows, maybe this wouldn't have happened if your travel agency had used salesforce. I've heard the comparison that salesforce is similar to Shopify to some extent, which is a company we covered a while back. And Shopify is really essentially a one stop shop for e -commerce. And salesforce is doing the same, but for pretty much any company in their crm needs. And that could be a travel agency, a retailer, a financial company like S&P, where I used to work, or even an entertainment company like Disney. I guess that's a pretty accurate description of what they do. I mean, they offer what they call a 360 degree customer service, which includes everything from marketing and managing leads to automating service operations and alling and managing data, just all those things that you don't really see but are happening in the background of literally every single company out there. And as you can see in the picture on the screen right now, if you're watching this on YouTuber Spotify, the backbone offsaesforce platform is the so called data cloud. And the the data cloud stores and unifies all the data on a company's customer. So I don't know if you ever experienced that drabut. I still remember times when, especially back in the day, you talk to customer service and they send you from one agent to another, and you had to give them all the information. Again, the data cloud takes all the data the company has about you, no matter where it's safe, unifies it, and then makes it available for every single employee. So you never have another interaction where you have to go to different agents, different departments, and you have to give them your information every single time. Again, a long time ago, when this show hadn't even officially started, we did an episode on Disney. And as you just mentioned, Disney is a salesforce customer. And it's a good example of how salesforce works in practice. As you know best, since you were the one who originally covered Disney to me on the minvesting show back in the day. Disney's business is huge, and they're operating in half a dozen industries and across dozens of products. And Disney uses salesforce, who connect all of its customer touch points from its online stores and theme park apps, do vacation planning, real estate services and call centers. And behind the scenes data cloud pools data from all those systems and creates one big record for each guest, essentially. So when someone books ks a trip to Walt Disney World, buys a pair of Mickey ears online and later calls the Disney quest Customer Center, those interactions all feed in the same customer profile. And when you multiply that service by thousands of major companies globally, you can see how salesforce gets to a $230 billion market valuation at the time of recording. It may even be arguably undervalued. It's funny because I only know about Disney being a customer of salesforce alls because the CEO, mark bennioff, he often sits in interviews with like Disney t shirts and is really often talking about how Disney is one of the biggest customers and how much he likes the companies. But you're totally right. Like when a guest opens the Disney app, for example, they see recommendations based on their individual purchase history and older park reservations and a cast member at the result, they can also access the same up to date data like travel plans, loyalty status, and even past support tickets. And for the marketing team, for example, this is obviously a huge value at this world because they can send automated follow ups like welcome back offers or reminders to, I don't know, reserve dinner spots, all of that. And if something goes wrong and the customer needs help, the service team sees their full journey in real time, so they don't have to ask the customer to repeat information. And I think just by bringing it up three times, you can imagine how annoyed I am whenever I call any customer service and I have to repeat information to five different people. It just it shouldn't happen anymore in 2025. I agree with you on that, Daniel. So salesforce can integrate all sorts of customer data, unify it with the data cloud, and then work with it by automating all sorts of tasks. And if you ask me, the natural next steps would be to use AI for these automation tasks. And from what I've heard about salesforce in the last couple of months, that is exactly what they're doing. Mark Benioff, who you mentioned, is the founder and CEO of salesforce, and he does seem like a very interesting person that I'm hoping you'll tell us more about. At some point in the episode today. But you know he talks a lot about something called agent force, and it's the newest product from salesforce. And Benny off has seriously doubled down on it in the past year. Well, mark benof is at least a fascinating coand. I'm sure he's a pretty smart guy, but to be completely honest, something about him just seems off to me. I mean, he's a salesperson through and through, and he's a great salesperson. But I mean, he joined oracle in his early 20 enties, and after just four years at the company, he became orkd's youngest ever vice president, working directly with Larry Ellison, who, thanks to the recent AI mania, has become the wealthiest person in the world. And many, you've have also started writing software in his early teams ens. So again, I'm pretty sure he's a very smart guy. I just have a tendency to nod trust salespeople and getting back to agent force, it's actually a pretty good example because I listen to half a dozen of Benny off interviews, to earnings calls and even product presentations. And agent force is a major topic in all of them since it launched in September of last year. But when he explains it, there are just so few tangible details. It feels like buzzword after buzzword. And after hours of listening, I still didn't fully understand what agent force really is, or at least how capable it is. And out much weather, just see an hour long demo to see how it works in practice and also under different circumstances than listening to yet another presentation on what it could be in, I don't know, two or three years. It reminds me a lot of when we did the trade desk and they were rolling out some AI tools, and it just was very difficult to understand specifically how it was going to improve the product for customers. And it sounds like maybe you had trouble wrapping your head around agent force, but is there like a tldr quick explanation of what it is that you can maybe save us a few hours of listening to earnings calls? So try to wrap our head around it. Well, I think the easiest way to understand aging force and also its place in salesforce ecosystem is to just think of the salesforce product suite kind of as a pyramid. So at the base, you've got the data cloud, which we already talked about, which collects every customer's information in one place. And above that, that the four classic cloud and additional apps that salesforce owns because they bought them throughout the year. So the first ever cloud product that salesforce offered was the so called salcloud. And it helps businesses to keep track of their customers sales lead and deals so sales teams can see who to contact, what's still in progress, what needs follow up to close more sales. And in the Disney example, this cloud could, for example, be used when Disney tries to settle, let's say, advertising packages across its tv networks or its streaming platforms. So each potential advertiser would appear as a lead in the salesforce system. So when Disney sales rep talks to a brand, let's say, Coca Cola, for example, about buying ad space on Disney, plus, the system tracks every single email, every single meeting and every proposal that was ever sent. And as the deal moves forward, sales cloud updates the pipeline automatically, even shows managers the expected revenue and reminds Disney sales webs when it's time to follow up or let's say, renew a contract. And then the second cloud is the so called service cloud. It's responsible for all the problems handled by the support teams where you talked about that a lot. So let's say your hotel reservation on a Disneyland trip didn't sync with your park tickets, then you would contact the Disney support and the service cloud would show the service agent all the important information about you, past visits, ticket numbers, hotel bookings, prior messages, basically all of that stuff. You're bringing back some memories of my brief stent in corporate America, but it does sound a lot like what I use salesforce for at S&P. And I just spent a lot of time pulling up customer accounts as I tried to help. Usually investment bankers pull different data and just update their models. Well, a cloud you probably didn't use at S&P as the third cloud in the ecosystem, which is the Marketing Cloud. So that's for companies, which especially have huge ecosystems, just like Disney has it. And there are just so many cross selling opportunities and the option to increase purchase frequency with the wet marketing, and that's what salesforce is there. So when you book the Disney World vacation, the Marketing Cloud automatically adds you to what they call a personalized email journey. So before the trip, you might get tailored messages with park tips or write recommendations based on your past visits or even details like, I don't know the ages of your children. So after you return, the system might send you something like a thank you note and an offer to, I don't know, let's say, a discount Disney plus subscription for the next month or even next year's vacation package. And then outside of the main clouds, the three most important products are slack, what we use here at tap to communicate every single day, tableau and mulessoft. And slack was salesforce most expensive acquisition ever. Benyou've paid dollar, $28 billion to acquire it, which was just an insane price for a company that had less than a billion dollars in revenue at the time. So they basically paid a 30 times revenue multiple for it. Yeah without knowing anything about slacks financials, that sounds very overpriced and we use it daily and it's a great product, but I can't imagine how slack could justify that price tag. It does seem like there were a lot of other messaging apps and like organizational productivity tools that are even available for free. But Yeah, I mean, I only briefly worked with with tableau in college, which is one of the other kind of pillars of their product stacks that you mentioned. And tableau is salesforce's analytics and visualization tool. But from what I remember and what I've heard, it is very powerful. And just as with many other salesforce tools, though, it can be complex. But I guess it's not hard for complexity to enter the picture when you're trying to create tools that essentially have no boundaries in terms of what's possible to use what it so you're trying to have this balance of a really simple user interface for basic functionality, but also empowering professionals to really be able to do whatever they could possibly do through the salesforce platform. And it's a similar story with mulessoft, which I was not familiar with at all before you had told me you were going to be pitching salesforce. And it's an integration platform that lets companies pull data from older databases or third party apps into salesforces ecosystem. So everything connects and basically works together seamlessly. And you'll find plenty of comments online saying also how complex and difficult mule soft can be used, which is really not what you want from a tool that's supposed to be integrating everything together seamlessly. But again, I think it's you know if it's implemented properly, it sounds like these are very, very powerful tools at the institutional level. I guess it's just incredibly hard, if not impossible to make all these tools so much simpler. All the competitive models that are easier to use and also cheaper in financing. They also offer significantly fewer features. And perhaps agent force will help make a lot of these tools that salesforce is now offering that are supposedly too complex a little bit more easier, because the whole idea is that agent force is what connects the dots across all those systems that we just explained and automates the work that used to require manual coordination between the department. So a company can build, let's say, an AI sales agent that reads cim data, finds promising leads and actively sends outreach messages. And another example would be an AI service agent that can monitor support cases or respond to customers. And it's kind of like a highly specialized ChatGPT, specialized both for the department someone works in the oval company and also, of course, salesforces products. We actually just talked about it before the call. 20 minutes before we hopped on, there was a partnership announced between OpenAI and salesforce, which basically allows salesforce customers to use ChatGPT exclusively in their own ecosystem. So you now have kind of a layer of AI tools from ChatGPT being used in salesforce, which means you can use all your customer data, all your company data and still use ChatGPT exclusively. So I think you will see even more of this interaction between both agent force from salesforce and then other llm tools integrated into the ecosystem of salesforce. And I think the advantage of having that integration and using salesforces ecosystem is that you know with ChatGPT or or really any other llm, you know you're having tools that are, like you said, directly integrated into your workflow that you've maybe you know spent years setting up. And you know companies are deeply, deeply dependent on salesforce in different ways. And so you know if you have that integration with your internal company databases and crm channels, that ends up being a much, I think, more productive and seamless experience than you know if you were to just use a standalone chatbot or llm tool on their own. This sounds very reminiscent of the reasons we really like Adobe and also alphabet, because even with the threat of AI competitors, we still think they're in the best position to integrate new AI tools into their existing ecosystems. That are the industry standard. And the example I always use for this is to think about Microsoft Excel. Microsoft Excel has been the industry standard and finance for decades. Most of us who studied finance in school, I spent a lot of time learning how to use excel. And so you know if ChatGPT or OpenAI revealed some brand new spreadsheet technology that was AI powered in some way, I don't think we would just personally, I don't think I would overnight just give up excel and all my files are saved in the excel format and all that stuff. And I've been trained on, I know how to use it. And so you know I think I would probably just wait a couple months for Microsoft to integrate with ChatGPT or use their own AI technology to basically create the equivalent of whatever that brand new technology is. With the point being, when you are the kind of legacy standard and you are the status quo and everybody's workflow is deeply reliant on your technology, you are in the position of you have a lot of room for error and a lot of time to really add in the most cutting edge stuff. We can see it with apple, too, right? Nobody thinks of apple as having the most cutting edge phones. And sometimes you know Samsung will have products that are two years ahead of apple. And yet everything just works so seamlessly with apple that nobody is really rushing to get out of the apple ecosystem. And another point is complexity. When we talk about excel or when we talk about, let's say, an iphone, those are not really complex for the user to use. I mean, salesforce actually takes if you're own a large corporation, it can take a year or two until all of your employees actually know what to do when they use salesforce. You're just not throwing that away to say, well, let's try a new AI native tool. And in other anglers, many companies work with just highly sensitive customer data, so you can't just put that into any llm. And strategically, as you just mentioned, there's no company better positioned to offer those AI capabilities than salesforce. It's the second largest software company in the world behind only Microsoft, and it's a clear leader in crm with more than 20% market share that's actually larger than the next four competitors combined. So it just makes perfect sense that salesforce would be the first mover in the AI agent space. And when berniof first unveiled agent force, investors actually love the story. I mean, the stock hit an all term high of above dollar hundred 60 shortly after, but now the market views it with a bit more skepticism. And this stock is actually down 30% from its all time highs. And as you mentioned the beginning, 25% year to date. And in part, that's because recent sales numbers just haven't looked too inspiring yet, because data cloud and recurring AI related revenue have grown by about 120% year over year. And salesforce has announced more than 12.5 thousand agent force deals since its launch a year ago. But the segment still only makes up about 10% of revenue, and that's just not enough to move the needle to you know turn the company's overall growth back to the double digits. And let's be honest, top line growth of 9%, it's just not enough to convince the market that you have just created or launched this revolutionary AI product. I mean, all the hyperon AI native startups, salesforce just has to face an uphold battle here, convincing investors that it can keep up with a new generation of competitors. And for that, you just need more top line growth than 9%. Even Einstein had blind spots. That's why modern science is built on the idea of peer review. Investing maybe more art than science, but that doesn't make peer feedback any less valuable. The tricky thing is finding qualified people who are interested in willing to help vet your investment ideas. That's why we built the intrinsic value community. It's a place to connect, share ideas, learn and get feedback. Nobody ever wishes that it spent more time buried in spreadsheets, but connecting and building relationships with others who may be smarter on a topic than you, but were also schooled in value investing, that's valuable. We make spots in this exclusive community available in cohorts every few months. And last time around, our 30 available spots filled up pretty quickly. If you're interested in our next cohort, which will be even smaller, you can join the wait list at theinvestors podcast com slash intrinsic value community. That's theinvestors podcast dot com slash intrinsic value. Community support for the show comes from public com. Commyou're thoughtful about where your money goes. You've got your core holdings, some recurring crypto buys, maybe even a few strategic option plays on the side. The point is you're engaged with your investments and public gets that. That's why they built an investing platform for those who take it seriously. On public com, you can put together a multi asset portfolio for the long haul. Stocks, bonds, options, crypto, it's all there. Plus an industry leading 38 apy high yield cash account. Switch to the platform. For those who take investing seriously, go to public com slash tivp and earn an uncapped 1% bonus when you transfer your portfolio. That's public dot com slash tivp paid for by public investing, full disclosures and public dot com slash tivp just like everybody else. There's a time when I was a beginner investor, and I have to say investing is particularly filled with jargon that can just make it so difficult for new investors to understand what is going on. But it's never too late to get smarter about stock investing from the ground up. At the investors podcast network, we've made a habit of studying the world's best investors, and now I'm just silthose learnings into a simple course for you or for anyone in your life who you might want to share the gift of knowledge with with my how to get started with stocks course, you can master the principles of excellent lifelong investing with valuable insights for both beginners and pros. The course covers ten different sections, beginning with the basics of what a stock actually is and how the stock markets work, to strategies to optimize your retirement savings, how to pick great companies for the long term, what to look for in etf's, and how to monitor your investments while so much more to begin getting smarter about investing, just visit theinvestors podcast dot com slash get started with stocks. That's theinvestorpodcast dot com slash get started with stocks. And for a limited time, you can use code stocks 15 for a 15% discount at checkout. It might be one of those instances where the market just misses the point, though. A company worth a quarter trillion dollars won't be able to grow at the same rate as these newly funded hot AI startups. And large enterprise customers are also harder to convert for a new product like agent force than smaller businesses. So it doesn't surprise me that it wasn't immediately know boosting revenues by 30%. And you know, for them, teaching employees to use a new tool is a much larger investment at these bigger companies and carries much greater potential to mess up workflows in the beginning. So that is sort of the innovators 's dilemma in a nutshell. I feel like we always find a way to talk about the innovators 's dilemma. But you know, for salesforce, they are catering to their bread and butter customers, and they don't want to completely flip the paradigm, even though they like to talk about these probably revolutionary technologies at their investor days, and at the same time switching their crm services and cloud solutions for these companies. I mean, this is a multiyear commitment, and that would come with very significant risk. So there is a lot of stickiness to the salesforce ecosystem. So I think it's more likely that theywait a bit longer and see how agent force evolves, but then choose that solution over a completely new AI tool that doesn't come close to salesforces ecosystem of products. And for smbs or soo entrepreneurs, I think that's different. You know switching costs for them are lower, so they may try new and cheaper and potentially simpler solutions. But before we dive deeper into the question of whether salesforce is an AI beneficiary or one who could be obsoleted by it and also maybe shedding some more light on its CEO, mark Benoff, how about we first talk a little bit more about the monetization of salesforces business model. The vast majority of its revenue comes from subscription businesses. And one thing we've learned after researching over 40 companies for this show is that subscription businesses are just great. We love them more often than not, especially at a certain scale. They're pretty great investments, and then they deliver predictable and sustainable growth. And they can build strong modes over time by keeping customer data in house and then broadening their ecosystem, you know tacking on new offerings that make switching costs even higher, improves pricing power and just makes the business harder and harder to disrupt as people get more dependent on it. Well, just this weekend, I talked to Joseph shaporney, who probably knows more about such businesses than anyone I personally know. And at our summit in Montana, he actually gave a presentation on the strength and the predictability of businesses with high recurring revenue and also monopoly like positions. And to be fair, the crm market is a pretty competitive market. So despite salforce being the clear market leader, that position will be under a conthreat. So they have already lost about 2% market share in the last couple of years without data to back it up. I would suspect that the market share loss occur mostly in the small business segment. Those businesses, as you just said, don't necessarily need the just highly complex tools that salesforce offers, and they can use simpler and cheaper alternatives. And when I asked some friends who work with salesforce products, the ones in larger corporations said that leaving salesforce would be pretty much impossible, while the ones in smaller and mid cups firms said that the complexity and also the prices of salesforce topics discussed within the companies from time to time. And salesforce has already reacted and introduced a starter product for about 25a month. But I think compared to competitors, the problem is you have the same pricing, but then you do not offer the same quality or the same value that those other tools offer. But getting back to the subscription business, I mean, 95% of sales esforevenue comes from subscriptions. That's over 37 billion in absolute numbers. And I think Adobe is at something like dolninety 7%, so they're pretty close in that percentage. The remaining 5% of the business are just one time purchases of salesforces professional services, and that's mostly consulting on salesforces tmr platforms, supporting implementation of its products or customizing services. And if you would just look at it from a pure revenue and a profit perspective, this business segment is negligible and revenues are only around $2 billion, and it's actually loss making. So the only reason why they have this business is to make the onboarding process for customers who subscribe to the statesforces subscription products much easier because as we've learned today, that's not an easy process. And for many companies, it's actually one of the biggest hurdles between choosing salesforce or choosing a competitor like, say, HubSpot. It is kind of crazy to see this exponential looking growth chart for the subscription business. And then here, the narrative that software is going to be dead because of these AI tools. Meanwhile, the vast majority of these AI apps barely seem to have functioning business models at all. And salesforce top line has grown every single year since 2004, rising from just over $500 million back then to roughly $40 billion today. And know, of course, that growth has slowed in the last years and especially since 2023, but still a very impressive feat nonetheless. And of course, accompany the size of salesforce. You know they can't keep compounding at 25 or 30% forever. That's just the law of large numbers. But even with the launch of agent force, I do think you know you shared some disappointment that we haven't seen a clear uptick in overall revenue from this really hyped up launch. You know revenue is continuing to decelerate. Considering how public Benioff was about marketing it, it's not surprising that the market has expected that to show up in the numbers already and then punish the stock for not seeing those results. You would definitely expect more from something that benof sees as as ground baking, as the invention of the iphone or the Internet. And so I think we shouldn't underestimate the time, and you basically just mentioned it, that it takes to implement a new product like agent force with a customer base as large as saforce ces. I mean, agent force ces reported in the platform segment, which is now the fastest growing part of the business. I mean, it's up 16% year over year. And what's most interesting, at least to me, is where that growth is coming from. Almost half of the new agent force bookings are from existing salesforce customers. So companies that already run their sales and their service system on salesforce, and that supports a thesis that adding AI agents is in fact a natural next step for salesforce ces customers. And according to management, once companies start experimenting with those AI agents, maybe one for customer service and another one for marketing operations, they tend to expand quickly. So many of them order additional agents after seeing early productivity gains. And assuming that's that's enough for me to get pretty bullish on the company, especially since only 5% of customers have yet used agent for. So there 95% of existing sales for customers that you can cross sell this product to. And this huge upsell opportunity for salforce is definitely needed because customer growth has stalled for quite some time now. I mean, the statistic on salesforce customers or this customer account, they are bit inconsistent even in their own communications. I mean, if we trust the source of this graph that you now see on the screen, salesforce has had 150000 customers for the last ten years, and that's also the number salesforce communicates on its website. However, mark Benny office said in a recent interview that they only have a customer account of 135000. So that would actually mean that their customer account has decreased and honestly quite significantly. And again, I would be a bit cautious with these numbers since the business fundamentals have never experienced a notable client. So my takeaway is that customer growth is at least unlikely to be a major driver of growth going forward. But because of the upselling potential they have, there's huge potential still left for growth. So how do you grow? I would say you either raise prices for existing products or you come up with new ones, and salesforce did both in recent years. If you go to the website and check the prices for the salcloud, for example, the enterprise solution costs dollar hundred 70 per month and per user, and that's about dollar 15% higher than just two years ago, agent. So basically, the new product they introduce costs $550 per month and per user. So if we assume that one agent can actually replace a human sales employee, as salesford claims that it can, well, then a company could save between five and $10000 per month on an employee and instead just buy an agent for five to 10% of the price. And while fewer people working at the companies that are salesforce clients would also mean fewer customers for other products, the agent force ced pricing, which is just almost five times higher, can offset as many as three to four lost enterprise solution customers. So despite you know having a bit of a trade off here, agent falls if it should be successful, would be a huge new thing for salesfalls. For all the progress salesforce has made, there's still a gap between the story the company is telling and the results investors are seeing. I think that's the simplest way to recap what we've been talking about. Marbenny off is pretty public about agent force calling it the biggest transformation and enterprise software in decades. And again, you know compare that to the 9% top line growth a full year after the launch, that just sounds a bit of underwhelming. And despite the fact that large enterprises move slowly when it comes to overhauling mission critical systems, I think the point remains. And from what you told me, I feel like it's also a credibility issue at this point. Benny off has claimed that salesforce has internally automated between 40 and 50% of its workload with AI agents, and basically, they're no longer hiring software engineers correspondingly. And yet, if you go to salesforces website, which I did, you can see dozens of job postings for software engineering roles at salesforce and its subsidiaries. And if you look at salesforces employee count, you can see a pretty steady increase instead of a decrease. What Benoff will tell you that the increase comes from hiring new sales espeople to sell agent force. He also claimthat it will reduce the customer support. And as you mentioned, the software engineering department ments by multiple thousands of people because the agents could do those jobs better than apparently those people. If you listen to industry experts like, for example, GitHub co, o Thomas donkey, you hear a lot of doubt that these numbers anywhere close to elg. And I honestly ask myself, what did these software engineers at salesforce do if one agent is as effective as those people? I mean, it's just hard to believe, but I guess this is just another case of Charlie mungers good old quote. Show me the incentives and I will show you the outcome. I mean, mark bennioff is a top tier salesman, and of course, he will claim that salesforce is using agent force, four sorts of things. I mean, how is he supposed to sell a product that his own company wouldn't be using despite being a perfect fit for it? I mean, he he called it sales force patient zero for age and force. And my problem with all of this is just it's very hard to look behind the curtains. I mean, product presentations, as I mentioned earlier, earnings calls, all of those, they just a lot of buzzwords and the claims can't really be trusted. And benyov has a huge incentive to make things look good and successful because his company is in some ways a life advertisement for the newest and the biggest product that's supposed to get salesforce back to double digit growth. Perhaps it's a good time to dig a bit deeper into the person that is mark Benny off. He didn't get a lot of praise from us yet, but as you said, I mean, he is a smart guy and he did what very few people are capable of doing. He built a company from scratch and turned it into a business that's worth hundreds of billions of dollars. And we always love to see companies that are still founder led even you know decades into their journey. And so he's definitely doing a lot of things right. And one thing he often talks about, something that we again like to see, is that he refuses to think on a quarterly basis and instead plans in decades. And I think there's probably some truth to that. Even after you're more than 20 years of running a massive public company, he's still focused on building for the long term, at least, that's my impression. He's mostly ignoring a stock price and advising his employees to do the same. And actually recently watched an interview with Jeff Bezos where he quoted Benjamin Graham's line that markets are a voting machine in the short run, in a weighing machine in the long run. And bezo said he wanted to build a heavy company, which is one that wins over time with the weighing machine and not just one that collects popularity votes quarter to quarter. And it does feel like mark Benioff has a similar mindset about salesforce. That's probably the one thing that whenever I listen to interviews from him, I like to see the most. I mean, in one interview, I listen to the host claim that safalse is driven by marketing and sait's more than by product. And Benny of immediately pushed back and actually pointed out agent falalls as proved that that's not the case two years ago, agent force didn't even exist. Maybe it wasn't an iyou know, somewhere in the pipeline or somewhere in his head, but it definitely wasn't meant to become salesforce's flagship product just a year later. But then the technology evolved way faster than banning off and anyone at the company expected. And then he made the call to prioritize it simply because in his mind, this was the best product that salesforce could drop. So that said, salesforce does spend a lot of money on marketing. I mean, almost half of gross profits are invested into the marketing budget, but still, it's a company that thrives on having the best products. And that's why they are so complex. That's why they are more expensive than competitors and still incredibly sticky with low churn weights. What's just generally fascinating to me about his mindset is how he approaches innovation in general. I mean, he's not afraid of disruption at all. He actually welcomes it and wants sae's force ced to be the company to lead the change with agent force. I mean, he clearly took that first mover position in AI. While most software companies are afraid of know having AI tools coming in and disrupting them, he's saying, you know, let's take our company, build AI tools and market them as heavy as it gets and totally double down on it. And in many ways, satesforce's position today reminds me of Adobe, and we bring it up a lot of times today, and I'm pretty sure we will continue to do that throughout the entire episode. But the main difference for me is that salesforce actually seems far more aggressive in trying to lead in that rather than just react to it, which is kind of what Adobe is doing. Both companies are highly profitable. They are recurring revenue machines with strong modes. And yet the market narrative is that they will be displaced by a native companies. So companies building products entirely from scratch with AI at the core. But just like we talked about with Adobe, the market might be so focused on those newcomers that it overlooks the advantages, actually huge advantages that the established players and leaders with deep customer relationships and just massive switching costs have. And another thing worth noting is that benof has an impressive track record of spotting the next Patreon. If you look at his history and just, you know, him starting out, especially in Silicon Valley where he was born and raised, implementing those new innovations into salesforce and everything he does is just what he's incredibly good at. I think it always helps to be a Silicon Valley purebrered, as you said, born and raised there. And he studied business administration at the University of	Southern California. And then as a teenager, he was already writing and selling software and. I think he even interned at apple in the early days. And there's this picture that we have on screen now of him meeting Steve Jobs, and the two remain ined friends until jobs died. Yeah Steve Jobs and lory Allison, both there were pretty big inspirations and also influences for Benny oslakoand. As I said earlier, Benny have joined oacle as a programmer in customer support when he was only 22 years old. And within three years, he became ord's youngest ever vice president. He never worked for apple after the internship that he did, but he maintained contact with Steve Jobs, and they met many, many times in one meeting. Apparently, jobs gave benyour three pieces of advice. At least that's a story that he, as a great salesman, always talks about. First, focus on one customer segment and then dominate it. Then build an ecosystem, a platform where you can basically have other people or other companies build on. And then third, always have a vision that's bigger than your product. And all of this sounds a lot like what salesforce has actually been doing over the past two decades. And it's also a story that overlaps with apple's history, specifically the creation of the App Store, which is actually another point or another connection between bennioff v and Steve Jobs. Because back in the late nineties and early two thousands, Benoff was just fascinated by the opportunities of the Internet, and he decided to buy a bunch of domains that he thought might be valuable someday. And one of them was appstore dot com. And as fate would have it, a few years later, Steve Jobs, who at that point, overknew Beniov, invited him and his team to an apple event to announce a major new apple product. And well, you can already guess it, that major new product was the App Store. So then Benioff decided, you know, I don't need all of those domains anyway. And he ended up gifting the App Store domain and the trademark two jobs. And I would say, just for the sake of storytelling, the rest is history. And it's a bit of a tangent I just went on, but it says so much about bannioff v because people like jobs, Allison. I mean, I would imagine they don't let many people into their inner circle unless they actually see something in them, which is special. And benof us proven that he's not only a visionary, but he can also execute on a high level. And that said, I still understand the criticism about him. He can come off as very polarizing. And I'm the first to admit that I don't have the best gut feeling about him whenever I listen to interviews or see him talk. Well, while we're doing some storytelling, there is this pretty well known story from salesforces early days that shows just how unconventional mark Benioff can be, for better or worse. Back in 2000, when salesforce was still a small startup, he staged a protest in downtown San Francisco to generate publicity. And at the time, the crm market was dominated by the old guard, oracle and sible systems. And Boff, who understands the power of attention like few others, I think, really decided intentionally to make some noise. He hired professional actors to pose as protesters, holding signs that said things like the end of software and down was sebull. And he even hired a fake news crew, literally, to interview them. And the stunt worked so well that real media outlets started showing up and covering the protest, completely unaware of the fact that it had been staged. And a few months later, benyoff actually took it up another notch when sibl hosted its annual conference in canes, France. And every executive attending the event had to take a taxi from the airport in nice. So Benioff rented out every taxi in the area, hired his own drivers, and then made each executive listen to a 45 minute salesforce pitch during their rides. And so I don't I mean, that's a hilarious story, and I think it says a lot about him. And obviously, Benny off is not your typical CEO. I think he's creative, he's relentless, and he's definitely not afraid to bend the rules in his favor or maybe just to make a point to competitors. I guess I'm just not not a huge fan of these personalities. But to be fair, though, which of the high flying tech ceos is your average CEO? I mean, when Mark Zuckerberg started spending billions and billions on the metaverse and this company wasn't doing so well in 2022, everybody called Zuckerberg crazy and acted like he was a terrible CEO the entire time he was on meta. And when the stock went up again, as we said in the beginning, the narrative shifted. You know, despite my concerns about Benny off V, I think much of the reason, bad Press that is tied to him and is actually tied to the company's poor stock performance. I mean, a story like the one you just told, it's either called iconic when everything is going well or it's called completely absurd when things are not going well. It reminds me a lot of there's an nfl quarterback, Daniel, who you know, early on in his career when he wasn't winning, everybody said that he was cocky and hot headed. And then now that he winning, people say that he has moxie and you know that he's got a lot of fight in him. But I think he would say he's been the same person the whole time and it's just the narrative around him has been you know projected and changed depending on the circumstances. And you know when you have a CEO, it's just difficult to assess like this. And it's even more important to look at the incentive structure. I think. And since Benny off is the founder and CEO, I would expect him to hold a significant stake in the company. And my question for you is how does that look in terms of compensation for him and really the executive team at large? And how aligned is it with long term shareholders? Well, overall, salesfalls is a company with pretty little instead of ownership and the executive team, except for Baniel himself, he owns a share of about 2% or 2.3 percent of the company, which is currently valued at about five to $5.5 billion. So it's the majority of his net worth. So I would say on that, and he's pretty aligned with shareholders. There were some headlines last year, though, when shareholders actually voted against his proposed pay package, which was close to $40 million and only one point a half million dollars off that was his base salary. Then there was a cash bonus, which ranged from three to $4 million, and it was based on revenue, operating cash flow and non gap ebit measures and salesforce's non GAAP measures closely to air cash flow since they exclude stuff like stock based compensation, amortization of intangibles and just restructuring costs, which they had quite a lot of after the pandemic because they hired too many people and then had a wave of firing people. So overall, the vast majority of the $40 million salary last year came from stock options and stock grants. And the stock grants are based on two equal weighted metrics, salesforces operating margin and its performance relative to a peer group of companies. That peer group consists of companies like Adobe, Microsoft, oracle, S&P and even PayPal, although I don't think there's too much overlap between those two companies. Interestingly, in fiscal year 2026. So next year, an agent force and data cloud performance metric will also be included in the compensation plan for executives, which I think just again shows you how much they want to double down on that product. And I would say it's not the best incentive structure I've ever seen. I mean, like you said, we looked at over 40 companies. There were definitely one that I like more, but it's not bad either. I mean, with slower top line growth, incentivizing for improving margins is generally a good idea, although I would have liked to see also free cash flow per share metric as worse since operating cash flows exclude the short term negative impact that acquisitions can have, which means it wouldn't hurt their bonuses if they break their promise again and go on a shopping spree. And a per share metric would increase the likelihood of actually shrinking the share account by doing more buybacks in the future. How about we talk about salsources moat now as you said, the company isn't easy to understand. And I think there are many people, including customers, who are not fully happy with the product, and I think it's too complex or too expensive and yet still churn rates are very low, less than 10%, and is the clear number one in the crm space. And so we keep bringing up Adobe. I do think it's similar to Adobe where in that pitch from a couple months pack we talked about, you know people want to see Adobe fail because it's had such a strong dominant market position for a long time. But you know the actions paint a different picture from people's words. And is that kind of a fair characterization of salesforce? I think it's pretty thand. I'm also reminded of you saying that whenever you listen to Adobe earnings calls, it's just so much borrowing speech, actually. You know there's just your typical CEO sitting there giving boring upgrades. And this time, it's totally different. You have a company which basically has the same problem, but you have a CEO which is on the completely other side of the spectrum. And still for both companies, it doesn't seem to be right. And people dislike the company for both their product, their pricing and apparently also for their CEO's, although they on a completely different spectrum. I think it's fair to argue, though that salesforce has even higher switching costs than Adobe because it can take years for a large enterprise customer to completely onboard a new cm provider. And there's always the risk that you lose either data in the process or you just completely mess up workflows and you kind of touch on it. But when you talk about people who actually work with the salforce, you will often need the same thing. I mean, they don't love the product. We even have some people in the community, the intrinsic value community, who are invested in salfalls. And you know some people work with it and none of them would say it's a fantastic product, but all of them would say their companies wouldn't let go of it. For employees, it can just feel a bit overly complex. And for many business owners, especially those smaller businesses, it's just a bit too expensive. And yet, as you mentioned, salesforce still dominates the market. It's crm share is, as I mentioned before, over 20% larger than the next four competitors combined. And the company retains around 92% of its customers even after raising prices twice. Since 2023. And I guess you can look at that from two different angles. You could either say it's a sign that salesforce is vulnerable because they have a product that users tolerate but they don't love, or it's proof of just how sticky the platform really is. And what's a bit concerning to me, though, is that salesforce might have just reached the point where customers feel the product is fully priced. We talked about fico a couple of weeks ago, and we talked about how the price increases have dramatically increased, also stock prices. It has been the same with salesforce, but now any further price increases could face real pushback and with customer growth flattening, for me, that means that aent force now is the burden of reigniting sustainable double digit growth because just price increases can't do it anymore. And still the other side of the argument again, even in a competitive crm market, displacing salforce is really everything but a small task. A challenger would need to offer a product that's not just a little better, but do a medically better and also at a meaningfully lower price point end. Convincing companies to endure the pain of switching is just incredibly difficult. So you don't see that happening or not even when you consider the AI native competitors. I mean, how does that change the equation? Well, it's just so difficult to replace the entire ecosystem that, say false office. And we talked about the open ideal that has been announced just half an hour before we hopped on. I would just say that many customers start with one cloud, for example, the statcloud, and then they later adopt additional modules like the service, the marketing of the data cloud and salesforce products. They are designed to work together, somewhat comparable to our little apple setups here. I mean, you brought up apple before. I'm not a huge apple fan boy, but I started with an iphone, then I got an iPad to link the two of them. Then I've followed up with a MacBook, and then with the apppods. It all works together so seamlessly, it just makes a lot of sense. Now, imagine you're a large company, or even the government that has tens of thousands, even hundreds of thousands of employees, and they all use saforce. One cloud leverages the data from another cloud. All your customer data is stored in salesforce applications. And we shouldn't underestimate even the trust and the relationships the companies have built with shares for us before their company, zars wasn't even a term. They really brought it up crm as well. So at a conference in 2023, salesforce even had a slide that showed how the annual recurring revenue and the churn rate changed when customers have two or more clouds. So the average ar of customer two clouds is three times higher than for a customer with just one cloud, and the churn rate is about 12%. Now, for a customer with four clouds, the airar jumps to 24 times higher than for one cloud, and churn weights go down to about 7%. I know that's a lot of numbers, but it's pretty interesting. And on the screen, you also see a chart which already shows it. And every cloud after the fourth one that you add, just add so much to the multiply and you get crazy numbers. Like when you reach six or seven clouds, you have arthat add 220 times higher. And the Churm red has more than halved, of course, in the S, B segment. So smaller midsize businesses, there's more competition for salesforce. And you also do not have the same multipliers because you do not need as many clouds. Surprise and simplicity just matter more. And why? It's like, for example, HubSpot have capitalized on salesforces complexity and the premium pricing by offering products that are just easier to use and more affordable. But the strategy for companies like hubsport is basically to just be good enough and to meet the essential needs of most businesses without the added costs or complexity. I came across a great line on reddit, which I you know looked at for the research of this company. That's something I would say perfectly. I mean, the floor is higher with hubspawn, but the ceiling is much higher with salesforce, and that really captures the trade off between the two. And in my mind, if AI native tools replace crm software in the next couple of years, they would probably take market share from the lower end of the market. Services that target smbs and solo entrepreneurs. Once again, I'm going to invoke Adobe today, but we did have a pretty extensive call in our intrinsic value community on it some time ago. And there is a similar pattern where Adobe tends to lose the lower tier customers to cheaper and easier to use tools like Canva or figma, while its main customers know Hollywood studios and large enterprises stay on with Adobe. And for one, it's because Adobe's products are just the best and also because for them, switching costs are much higher while price sensitivity is lower for these higher end customers. And so the point being, the more complex the tools and most importantly, the ecosystem are, I think the harder it is for any standalone AI company to just obsolete them in one shot. And kind of moving on, though, another point of criticism is salesforces capital allocation. We talked about that slack deal earlier. You know the company has a long history of acquisitions, and some of them have clearly come with hefty price tags that that slack deal in 2020. It is the obvious example where you had you know a $28 billion price tag on a company that was barely making a billion dollars in revenue at the time. You don't need to be a financial genius with a warden mba to realize that that sounds a little expensive. And just this year, elesforce announced the acquisition of Informatica, which is this leading data management company for dollar, 8 billion in cash. And you perhaps you have an opinion on the deal, but I think what many investors didn't like, and I probably agree with them, is that Benny off had said back in 2023 that civil essource would move away from acquisitions altogether and just focus on its core. And then yet here they are know two years later making acquisitions again. So especially considering the huge new project that agent forces, I think it does beg the question that I'll dump on you is why spend $8 billion on yet another acquisition? Well, I can understand anyone who dislikes to move, especially after the 2023 announcement, to move away from acquisitions. That said, from a pure finance perspective, this deal seems like one of the better deals that salesforce has made in a couple of years. So slack was definitely overpriced and some other companies looked pretty expensive as well. But in this case, salesforce paid a premium of 30% to the predeal share price, which is not expensive if you assume that the share price was reasonable beforehand, especially since salesforce and Informatica were already rumored to have a deal in 2024. And at the time, the price in question was about eleven to $12 billion. And perhaps the most important thing, at least to me, is that salesforce doesn't dilute shareholders in this deal, which has happened in the past when it acquired other companies, when the slack deal, for example, was paid 50% with sales for stock, which caused dilution of about 5%, which is a whole lot. And dilution is a common issue in salesforce because before salesforce began buying back shares in 2023, the total share count grew than average of about 5%, with the Spike in 2020 just due to the strike deal. And it looks like even the buyback program can't really have as much of an impact as one would hope because there's so much share based compensation, which stands at 8% of revenue. So despite spending $25 billion on buybacks in the last few years, they've only decreased the share count at a kig of 1%. So really, that says more about maybe either how expensive the stock is or just how much stock based compensation they're doing. But either way, they're spending a lot of capital that you know the net impact is very minimal. Well, they definitely bought back a lot of this stock that they you know spend the $25 billion on on much higher valuations than today. So if the stock plus is staying at these prices and they start buying back with the same intensity, you should get more than a kig of 1%. Still, stock price compp s is definitely a problem. I would much rather see money spent on buybacks, even if the impact to decrease shares is not as much as you would hope for because of sbc thatsee more overpriced acquisitions. And according to management, although they said this before, but according to management, buybacks are the top priority right now. So followed by dividends, and only then would come m and a. And again, they said this before, but to be fair, the last acquisition was definitely a much better deal than most previous ones. And they already had their eye on the company for quite a while. So they just might thought, this is a huge deal, a good deal for us. We need to do it now. But even with buybacks, I just wouldn't expect much more than them balancing out dilution. And to me, that basically means I mean, we talked about the lessons that we had from covering all these companies. We want companies that could be share cannibals. And everything I see from salesforce is, although they will have the cash flows, the spbc, the tendency to buy other companies and also the tendency of mark bennioff v to, in my opinion, favor acquisitions over buybacks, just makes me think this company would probably not turn into a share cannonbal anytime soon. Well, we're getting to that point in the episode where we'll be talking about valuations shortly. So how about we dig a little bit deeper into the financials again to kind of set the stage for that. What are some of the metrics we should be focusing on with salforce? I know we've already looked at the subscription revenues, which do make the business much more predictable than it otherwise would be, but are there any other kind of kpi's that you would want to focus on? Well, one important leading indicator for salesforce are the so called rpo's remaining performance obligations and the crpos, which are just the remaining performance obligations that are due within the next twelve months. These metrics are essentially salesforis backlog. So the value of contracted revenue that salesforce had not yet recognized but will in the future, and it gives us an idea of just how high or low the demand is. And so it's good news. I would say that after bottoming in 2024, there was a reacceleration. To at least the low teens recently. I mean, if you would look at the long term chart, you can see, and we have the graph on the screen now, that growth is still significantly lower compared to 22 and 23. But you do see a reacceleration. You mentioned that the the recent acquisition of Informatica is paid for in cash, and salforth still has about $25 billion authorized for their buyback program. So they seem to be pretty well positioned financially. And when I look at the balance sheet, salforce still is more than 15 billion in cash, which is almost twice the amount of long term debt that they hold. And in their cash is compounded that gigger of 30% in the last ten years, which you know not too shabby. And still, I didn't see any drop in the cash levels recently here. So I'm just going to guess that the $8 billion or the Informatica deal has not been paid yet. Yes, I mean, they announced the deal already, but the is supposed to close in early 2026. So after completing that pending acquisition, the balance sheet will likely be an leveraged neutral position with cash and long term debt at similar levels. Although you have to say salesforce will have earned another, let's say, twelve to $13 billion in free cash flow by then. So in the recent past, salesforce has focused on becoming significantly more free cash flow positive, especially when top line growth has slowed down. Free cash flow margins have improved from 20% just two years ago to over 30% this year, which is an insane increase in the margin day. And while this is a great improvement, if you adjust for stock base comfree cash flows is closer to dollar billion dollars. The free cash flow yield goes from five point a half percent, which is huge, to 4%, which to be fair, is still pretty high for a quality business like salesforce and the highest it has ever been for this company. Okay. Well, I think salesforce is an interesting company. I think there's good reason to have kind of mixed feelings on it, but it does seem like sentiment could be a lot worse than really what the company so how about we try to bring it all together and you walk us through your valuation and recommendation for or do we add it to our intrinsic value portfolio? Well, I've seen many valuation models on sales for us that make it look like the stock is a huge bug, like extremely cheap. And a lot of these models ignore the pretty substantial dilution that salesforce consistently has. And if you look at the chart on the screen now, you would see how operating cash flow margin outperforms the operating income margin by 13 percentage points. And a large part of that is andi. But another significant part is, as I said, stock based compensation, which is add a bag to the cash flowbut. As we all know, it is a real expense. We said all the time on this show. So in my model, like we always do, I adjusted free cash flow for stock based compensation. So that would lower the free cash flow by about $3 to dolthree 5 billion per year. And in my base case, I expect salesforce to keep compounding top line growth in the highest single digits but not return to double digit growth in the next five years. Despite its new agent force product that I would still expect to get a bit more reacceleration in the next couple of years. I haven't yet seen enough to be confident that agent force is in itself enough to take salesforce business to double digit or even low teens growth in the years ahead. Ifree cash flow margins expanding still by about half a percent a year, mostly driven by average selling prices going higher either through just price increases or through the shift of the agent force product and by greater savings from higher agent utilization in salesforce. I don't know if 40 to 50% is actually accurate, but if not, it is pretty sure that they will have more agents working for themselves in two years than they have now. I keep the share conflat based on the assumption that salesforce will continue to use the buyback program to offset dilution. However, the cash spent on those buybacks, as we talked about, can be returned to shareholders in any other way. So it is an expense. That's why I subtract the spc expense from the free cash flow at an 8% discount rate, which is what we usually use for market leading companies in the us. And in an implied exit multiple of 22 at a margin of safety of 10%, this leaves us with an expected fair value in the 230s, something like that which is not too far off from today's stock price. In my bull case, I still leave most assumptions untouched, but I assume a reacceleration of the top line growth to 12% per year, which is still pretty low if you compare to the historical in the last, say, five to ten years. So this is not an exuberant bucase at all. Despite its small size, the AI business is growing fast. We just talked about it 120% year over year, and we bound in just the overall software market and the marketing segment can get sales forth there. In my opinion, even products like slack, g or tableau have already turned to growth of eleven and 15%, respectively. And the only other assumptions I change for this case is going from an exit multiple of 22, as in the base case, to an exit multiple of 28, which is significantly higher than today, but still well below the historical average of 35. And I also assume that the share count will decline by half a percent per year, which is still pretty conservative. As we said, they currently have a kego of about 1% share decline. And considering all of those, and I know it's a lot of numbers, I get an expected fair value of dollar dolfifty, which would result in an implied ir of dollar 18%. So for conservative ball case, which I would label this, it is pretty attractive. I also did a bear case, but I wouldn't go too deep in the numbers here. I mean, I'm assuming salesforce would face higher churn over the next few years and that subscription growth actually slows meaningfully. So I modeled revenue growth of like three to 4%. I combined this with higher stock based compensation and a return to the lower margin levels that we have seen in the last couple of years. As I said, I won't go too deep into the numbers. We have our free newsletter that we send out every single week, every Sunday together with this episode. And if you want to go and break down the numbers in more detail, you can just read it. We summarize it all in there. I also consider the barscenario that I've modeled here to be kind of unlikely. I mean, I get a fair value of dollar hundred 30 per share, which is really not a lot. And this will be a real worst case outcome. And honestly, the only way I see this happening is if AI native competitors or apps actually advance much faster than expected and basically manage to recreate salesforce entire ecosystem at a fraction of the cost. When I look at the summary of your model, the expected return from the current prices around 10% or so. And that's you know for anybody who's followed our show for a while, you'll know that our hurdle rate, the threshold we use for deciding whether we'll consider investments, is typically around 12%. So I mean, if I understand you correctly, it sounds like you don't think salesforce would meet our requirements for expected returns. But also you've probably been a little conservative with your assumptions. So you know where do you land with it? Yeah. I do think that you could easily get a 12% return from today's prices. So this is not a stuff that I would dismiss based on the valuation model. For me though, they are just some other, let's call them yellow flags that make me a bit hesitant to invest. I mean, the first one is, and we talked about it plenty today, the CEO, well, I think Benny off is a smart guy. What's the best for the company? I'm not really sure he feels the same way or the same level of responsibility towards shareholders. I mean, we have previously discussed companies like Copart. Dwthe former CEO has even passed on multimillion dollar stock grants to reduce shareholder dilution. And Benoff, on the other side, gets paid tens of millions in stock grants every single year while running a company with eight to 10% off revenue in stock based compensation. Many of the acquisitions he did were also highly dilutive. I like the benof, doesn't care too much about the stock price, but it seems to me that he doesn't care too much about shareholders either. And if I listen to earnings calls and get told that no acquisitions will happen and two years later there's another $8 billion acquisition, or when he talks about how revolutionary agent force is, but the sales numbers say something completely different, at least for now, then I just don't feel as confident in these CEO as I would like to if I invest in the company. He's more of a visionary, and there's nothing wrong with that, but a visionary who, in my opinion, might lack a bit of integrity is not someone I feel comfortable investing alongside. A very strategic way to put it. Ddaniel. Yeah. I mean, salesworth looks a lot like an intrinsic value portfolio holding to me just on paper and we talked about already, but it has somewhat characteristic to some of our favorite stocks. It gashes free cash flow. You've got steady growth. It's asset light, well positioned to capitalize in the productivity gains of AI and really being able to integrate AI into their ecosystem while also buying back stock and shrinking the denominator and the earnings per share calculation. And so the stock based comp is substantial, but it's substantial at a lot of big tech companies. So as long as they're able to comfortably shrink the share count on net, the does typically make me feel better to know that they're more than offsetting that dilution. And then they've got what you know, it seems to be pretty sticky subscription revenues, of course. And I bet if you capitalize some of their R&D expenses, the company would look even more profitable too. Which is just to say, you know normally when companies are you know building out software and stuff and like that gets expensed immediately, but if you actually reflect that as an asset on the balance sheet, you know showing that you know when you're building some of these software tools. They do last for several years and create value for several years. It's just kind of a wrinkle that I mentioned generally when it comes to valuing these big tech companies. So I mean, Yeah, without having done all the research that you did, my gut feeling biases me toward liking the stock just because it does match maybe the pattern of other companies that we've come to see as being really incredible compounders. But I do think with your concerns about Benny off, and then also just the fact that I feel like I need to do some more scuttlebutt on this one. I know my wife's company, for example, pretty much runs through salesforce, so I actually really need to ask her view on it. And you know I know we both use sc, but we don't work at the most corporate company in the world. So we really need to talk to more folks who actually use salesforce frequently to help inform our view of it. And you know I'd also want to chat with some employees and become current informer to get an idea of what the culture is like there. I mean, I can't imagine morale is very high amongst programmers if they've seen a substantial number of their colleagues fired and replaced by AI agents, which seems like something Benny off is kind of happy to brag about. And you know maybe I'm a romantic or I'm naive, but I do still think there's room and it's essential to have human creativity and innovation driving companies still in 2025. And that's why I say I'd be really curious to better understand how people who work there feel about the company just based on the claims that they've made about being able to integrate agent force us to basically overhaul the structure of their company and the types of people they hire and where they're making cuts. But if anybody in the audience does have strong opinions on salesforce or special insights, you can always shoot us an email. Our emails are just our first names at the investors podcast dot com. I think we talked a bit about a call about Adobe and the intrinsic value community. And I felt like that call also because we had some people in the community who use Adobe a lot to work with, just gave us a very good insight that we couldn't get just by doing the stock research. And this is kind of what I would need for salforce as well. As you said, you could call it a scuttlebud research. And maybe because of my vacation, I didn't have the time that I usually have to also schedule cards with people who either worked there or have more experience with it. I think that's definitely something I'm going to do in the next couple of weeks because as you said, just on paper, the stock looks pretty much like a stock that we would usually add to the portfolio. And for everything that we said about the CEO, I mean, he built this company from scratch. He built it from zero to a quarter trillion dollars. He's a visionary. So maybe you will not get the best results quarter to quarter, but it's the two of us always talking about thinking ten years ahead. This CEO is thinking ten years ahead. So I think it's an incredibly interesting company. And what I do feel that, you know, I would always like a bit more of a margin of safety. And if this stock would trade closer to $200, I think that would make sales esforce really compelling. But you can not always wish for whatever you want, right? So sometimes you just got to go for it. And I know we have talked about Adobe a lot today. And just to bring it up one last time, I mean, I compared to stock based compensation of the two stocks, for example, and Adobe is a bit less than 20%. What salfor is at about 25%. And if I could just see salesforce being as dedicated to buying back shares and reducing the share count as Adobe has for the last ten years, I think this would already be a huge turning point for how I view the stock less than just the company itself. But I think we've talked enough about it today. We will also keep people updated in the newsletter. So maybe we've chosen to invest in salesforce after all. Then you would see that in the newsletter because we just have a couple of weeks between recalling this episode and bringing the newsletter out. So that's always great to check out as well. But with that, how about we close it for today? You give us the hints for next week's episodes into your pitch. So people like to ask me how we pick companies a lot to cover on this show and you know maybe what makes companies really stand out to us. And unfortunately, I don't have some secret formula for how we screen companies. I really just like to let my experience as a customer guide my curiosity as an investor. So if I'm out in the world and I'm shopping or I'm using products and you know whether it's anything from car insurance to an app on my phone, you know if I'm using something and I go, wow, this is really just changing my life for the better, then I say, Hey, why don't we look into this company for the podcast? So that is a kind of a long setup for the company I'll be pitching next week. But it's a company that does come with a lot of stigma against it from maybe more sophisticated investors out there, because they were, for better or worse, at the heart of some pretty surreal market drama back in 20, 21. And even today, they have continued to democratize access to financial markets. But that has come with both praise and criticism. And so as a customer, I found myself resisting the company, and then I was just really blown away by some of their products. So I think you're probably given away too much this time. But as always, if you would like to make a guess, feel free to comment in the comments below. I definitely look forward to the company. I think it could be extremely interesting. Pitand, as always, we're going to close it with a quote. And this time, I will use Steve Jobs as to one providing the quote. And he said, you can't just ask customers what they want and then try to give that to them. By the time you get to build let, they will want something new. And I'm pretty sure that's what Benny off is currently doing with agent force. And if I had to make a bet, I think agent force will succeed over time and know perhaps we will be part of that if we choose to invest at a later point. And with that, I would say have a great Sunday, and we will see you next week for the next episode.
