---
ticker: CRM
type: podcast_transcript
title: "Happy Nvidia Day, Salesforce Earnings with Marc Benioff, Anthropic's New Stance on Safety | Doug O'Laughlin, Maxwell Meyer, Ben Lerer, Michael Manapat, Adam Warmoth, Connor Sweeney, Matthew Harpe"
podcast: ""
date: 2026-02-25
audio_url: https://media.transistor.fm/9b03ad64/713e1e93.mp3
language: auto
chars: 196242
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# Happy Nvidia Day, Salesforce Earnings with Marc Benioff, Anthropic's New Stance on Safety | Doug O'Laughlin, Maxwell Meyer, Ben Lerer, Michael Manapat, Adam Warmoth, Connor Sweeney, Matthew Harpe

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2026-02-25

---

## Transcript

You're watching tvpn. Today is Wednesday, February 20 fifth 2026. We are alive in the tpalthe temple of technology, the fortress of finance. P com, time is money. Saeasy use corporate cards, bill pay accounting in a whole lot more, all in one place. We have a massive show for you today, folks. We got Doug go Laughlin coming on on his birthday. The dug media earnings, talk about a birthday present. We got mark Benoff from salesforce coming on. Let's take you through the linear lineup. Max Myers coming on from arena magazine. There's a new issue drop pping zero zero seven spy theme. I love it, Ben. Layers coming in person. And then we have an absolute hitter of a lightning round for you folks. Linear, of course, is the system for modern software development. 70% of enterprise works based on linear are using agents. Okay. So I was nerding out about this fed paper because it's like when you told John collison 80% of businesses are getting no value from AI. I I'm glad he wasn't here in person because he was about to throw down. He was about to open up a cannon. It was about to be a bar fight in the cheky part pub in in the Guinness pub. No, seriously, it was a great question because I think we all agree that like AI adoption is real. It's valuable, it's happening. But it is a very interesting statistic. And I think it's a mistake for tech people to dismiss this Stat because of where it's coming from. Like it's not coming from some like Doomer anti AI blogger who's going for clicks. Like this is the National Bureau for Economic Research. There's three members of the Atlanta Fed on the Federal Reserve Bank there on this paper. There's two people from nber on the paper, and then they also pulled in the bank of England. They have some Australians and Germans on there too. And so this is a research paper that could be circulated, probably will be circulated within the Fed. And I think that it's already getting quoted by the New York Times in that dot com bubble, AI bubble piece. And I'm just I'm thinking it through like this could be something where you see fed policy or government legislation that sort of mismatched with what is actually happening in reality. And so we should go through some of the stats to actually break this down because the headline is 80% of firms reported that AI was having no impact on their productivity or employment. And that's actually like a misquote. Like what they mean by that is that it's not shaping their hiring plan yet. They actually are using AI. And so basically, this Stat comes from this survey from the National Bureau of Economic Research. And it's pretty interesting because a lot of the polls that you see are online surveys where they say they run some digital ads and they say, are you a cfo of a company? We don't really care what company. We'll pay you $10 to take this quick survey and what kind of people want to make $10. A lot of there's a lot of liars out there who say, I am absolutely a cfo and please send that Amazon gift card right my way, right? And so for this one, they actually did the work. They called up and ID verified and then also reality check the position. So if you say, Yeah, I'm the chief pirate officer, I'm the ninja hero, whatever, you got some fake title there that you're out of the you have to be a cfo, a CEO senior manager and you actually had to be doing that job. It's not just like, Oh, you're Yeah the cfo of some front company. So they did some reality checking and they pulled together 6000 of these business leaders across firms that are domiciled in the us, uk, Germany and Australia. And so you know the line from John collison that has been sort of going viral, that was he dropped it on sources. I think he said it to us too. It's a good line. No one wants a refund on their tokens. Everyone is using AI. The spend is increasing. Although I'm sure some CEO's heard that and thought I would. I kind of do want to refund. Love a refund. I had one team member go absolutely haywire and spend 50 grand. He's one shot. He claims that he rebuilt our entire erp, but I fired it up and it didn't even have httbs. What's the back? Many? He wasn't even plugged in the back. He wasn't even pluged in. He was he was just chatting. But clearly, there is a disconnect between like the stripe data is very real, the value creation is very real, the revenue is very real at the labs. But when just random Joe sho cfo CEO's get a call from the feds, they say, like, Yeah, we're not really getting that much value out of AI. And so the questions that you need to dig into, there's actually four key findings that the one headline that the New York Times is is pushing is this 80Percent Number, 80% report little impact or no impact on employment of productivity. But there's actually a bunch of positive signals. There's a bunch of mixed signals in here. So 70% of firms actively use AI and particularly younger, more productive firms. Second, while over two thirds of top executives regularly use AI, their average use is only 1.5 hours per week, and one quarter of executives Report No AI use at all. They're just like, I do things the old way. I have AI not for by what I need that I have a telephone. Yeah but I mean, truly, if you think about like the variety of firms, it's like you could be running a gym, you could be running a gas station, you could be doing forestry, you could be doing mining, oil extraction, road repair. Like there's a million different things that you can do in the economy. It's not all like knowledge work firms. We talked to somebody yesterday in the sort of later part of their career off the show, and they had just had their mind blown by AI because they used to when they needed a document created, they would put it into, they would put out bullet points and then they would give it to somebody who would then create a document. Yeah. And he just said, now I just give it to AI and that just generates a document. Yeah. And so so that's still happening. Yeah, that's tax expansion, tax generation with llms. This has been available since 2022. And ChatGPT launched. Maybe it became reliable in 2023. People are still just starting to adopt. And there's some other interesting things in here. So the last major finding that we should touch on is firms predict sizable impacts over the next three years, forecasting AI will boost productivity, sizable impacts, productivity increase 1.4%, which is like it's very sizable if you're an economic researcher, but it's not particularly sizable if you're in like the fast takeoff scenario. And so there's this this disconnect between like what does the government statistics look like and what is the government operating against? And then what's the Silicon Valley narrative? And like where do these two meet the road? Why is there a disconnect at all? One of the reasons is that measuring AI adoption is a mmany. People use AI without even knowing that they're using AI because it's buried deeper in SaaS products that they already daily drive. Like if you're just I run a coffee shop and I'm using toast for you know payment processing, like there's probably some AI features in there already. And when you go to you know type in, okay, we're adding a new cinnamon roll to to the menu. There's probably a button now that just says, like do you want to just generate an image of a cintion roll? You could upload one still, that's probably a feature that already exists, but we could also just generate one for you and you can probably click that, but you're not like, Oh Yeah, I'm an AI power user. Just because you happen to use toast and toast happen to have implemented some gen AI feature that like you haven't really dug into yet. So some AI isn't even detectable. You could be talking to a customer support agent on the phone that is AI generated and not being able to tell. We talked about that airline interaction that got something 100, zero likes and in Grace, the that Grace, the woman that had the interaction came into the chat yesterday and said it was real. That was real. Yeah. And so she she maneuvered the clanker Yeah but still think about like she's clearly on axe intact, like very AI aware there are probably tons of people out there that are saying, Oh Yeah, my job. You know every once in a while I have to call this service. And now the person that picks up is like responding pretty quickly. But I haven't noticed they haven't noticed that they're actually interacting with AI or using AI in some capacity. And then there's also times where people are like chatting with AI, but they just put it in the personal life bucket. Like I'll find myself doing this a lot, of course, as an entrepreneur, like the work life balance, like bleeds together a lot. But there's a lot of times when I'm you know reading an article on Saturday, I'll fire off a deep research report about it, find some extra context. It feels like, Oh, I'm just reading the paper, but my job is sort of to read the newspaper. And so it comes into work. And there's probably a lot of people that are like, Oh, I hit an llm with some random query to learn something about something work related, but I did it off hours when I was just like hanging out. And so I don't really think about it as like a work tool yet. And so they're not putting it in that bucket. But in general, I think the team did a really, really good job by avoiding many as many of the pitfalls as possible when it comes to surveying AI adoption. AI adoption is very messy. You've talked about the need for stri. Still think there's room for a research firm focus entirely on diffusion. So if you had a group of ten to 20 people that were spending all their time talking to business owners and executives, operators and getting a sense of how they're actually using this stuff, I think you could put together some really compelling reports around it that would be pretty useful to everyone from AI companies to Wall Street. Yeadoption MacX after cluster max and inference max, they had to rename it. Apparently, sei analysis can't use MacX for some reason, so they do. Inference max is now inference x, and everyone was saying, you need to do change it to inference. Mock you would have been amazing. But inference x obviously has a much more professional tone to it. And so there's an interesting definition of like, what does it mean to actually adopt AI? That's very vague. This paper defines it pretty broadly. So machine learning for data processing. So that doesn't even necessarily mean llms. That just means ml, which has been around for a very long time, text generation using llms, that's what we think of as ChatGPT, visual content creation. So diffusion models, but also robotics and autonomous vehicles. Another and there's a category just for other and firms can select multiple. And so if you selected yes on any of those, you go in the bucket of AI adopter. And 78% of firms in the United States said, yes, they are using AI by this definition. They got at least one robot, or they've at least generated one AI image or one prompt, ChatGPT g, which is a very low bar, sort of makes you wonder like what's going on with the 22%. And you can also dig in further. So text generation using llms is the single most common use case at about 41% of firms. So flip that around, 59% of firms aren't even using llms for text generation or proofreading. But again, there's a lot of companies where it's like, Yeah, we don't generate a lot of text. Like maybe if if we need to generate a marketing material, we have a agency that does that. So we don't actually do it internally. I don't know. Across the four countries that were surveyed, 69% of firms totally said they currently use AI. I think Australia is behind a little bit dragging that down. Only 75% of firms expect to be using AI technology sometime over the next three years. So they're at 69% now, and they're like over the next three years, Tyler is going to have a heart attack. We're going to bump that up to 75%. And this is this is weird data. And you can jump in with their pushback whatever you want. But my point is not that it's not that they're right think I think that they're wrong to predict this. I think that the AI adoption will be very steep and very dramatic. But I just think it's important to recognize that this is a paper that people will be citing. This is a paper that will shape policy. This is a paper that does it reveals some misconception about the impact AI is having in firms. Yeah, I still think it's just it's so hard to like actually quantify this. Like, okay, if I'm like using ramp, does that count as using AI? Because it's it certainly is using AI under the hood, but I'm not directly interfacing with the model. So does that count? So I think if you were running under this, just a company that was just on ramp, you would probably respond, no, Yeah, but like I'm clearly I'm benefiting from AI. I agree. So it's like like how do we actually quantify this? This is the diffusion question. I completely agree with you. I think that I think that there's plenty of places where AI will have impacts across the economy, but the actual AI workloads and AI app development model training inference will happen at a different set of companies. I don't think it's not going to be as clear as the computing revolution where every company had a desktop computer and then it was like, okay, still think qualifiable, the only thing that you should be looking at for diffusion is just lab lab revenue. Yeah, Yeah. It's and it's growing a lot, but it's still the perception I think still does matter because because people will I think that there's a little bit of like potential self referentialness here where firms CEO like AI adoptions low. I don't need to go and figure out how to adopt it. And so that's something that I'm also like keeping keeping an eye on. Reported usage is still low, and this one's interesting based on revenue and also token generation. So 1.5 hours per week among the managers surveyed, again, it's like they surveyed cfos cfos who use ramp. Like they don't count their time in ramp as minutes using AI. They count their time in llms as minutes using AI, and that's low. But even just with that one and a half hours a week, the actual leverage that you're getting is increasing because in like one and a half hours, you don't necessarily need to spend more time prompting to get more done. Because even so, even if you run a deep research, like is the time you're waiting to zatown as time? No, no, not at all. Okay. So the time is you spend time typing exactly. It does count as when you're reading yes, when you're reading it. Sure. So it's like when you had taabout, if you export a file and you're just reading it, printed preview? Yeah, Yeah, no. I mean, to some degree, but but people were asked to estimate, and I'm sure that they didn't include, Oh Yeah, I let my agent cook overnight for eight hours or I fired off one prompt. I came back and it did you know meters 15 hours of software engineering in one prompt, like like these things aren't captured. One, five hours of prompting generates a whole lot more tokens and valuable output in 2026 than it did in 2023. And so there's there's this divergence between the actual time spent and useful output and impact. And the biggest thing was there was a massive diversion in the expected employment impact. So the basically 63% of firms still expect no impact from AI, and that just completely goes against everything everyone's saying in Silicon Valley. So there's still a lot of optimism among managers that AI will create more opportunities and new jobs even as some jobs become obsolete. There are definitely firms within the sample that are projecting head count decreases. But my read on this data is that the tech talking point, about 50% of White collar work going away is not a broadly held belief among average business average business leaders. So now they might be wrong. I do think AI progress is pacing way ahead of public expectations, and most managers are months behind when it comes to understanding frontier capabilities. The bigger takeaway for me is just that this survey may be somewhere self reinforcing. And so I mean, we talk to folks all the time who come on the show and and talk about like maybe itbe good, maybe itbe bad, but everyone thinks it's going to have an impact, but that's not broadly, which is very, very interesting. So no one in tech has a strong recommendation for proactive steps to prevent to collapse in White color work yet, but plenty of sounding alarms. And if this survey becomes an excuse for executives to a slow adoption, they might get out maneuvered by faster moving competitors, which is actually good news for startups. And I close my thinking about the nature of polling and how do you actually get stronger data on AI adoption. And I was thinking back to the presidential cycle. So during the presidential election, pollsters would call people sort of at random, and they would ask them, who are you voting for? And a lot of people would say they lie or they wouldn't say or they wouldn't pick up the phone if they were voting for a particular candidate. And so the polling numbers did not wind up matching the final election results very closely. And so there was the story about neighbor polling, which was more effective, where instead of calling someone and asking them, who are you voting for, the pollster calls and asks, who do you think your neighbors are voting for? Who's more popular in your community? Who's more popular on your city block, on your street? And that wound up sort of removing the revealed preference, stated preference, know, Oh, am I on the hook and do I want na tell this pollster who I'm voting for? And it wound up increasing accuracy. And so I'd like to see a survey of adoption using this technique. Like I imagine asking the CEO of Nike, how much AI do you think Adidas is using? And I don't know how much more accurate that would be, but it would certainly be entertaining. And I think that there might be something more revealing there where CEO's have this big incentive to be like we're using AI, we're using everything. But if you ask them about the competitors, the data might look very, very different. Anyway, we should watch a little bit of a clip from the state of the union because Donald Trump addressed some of the energy production question with regard to how hyperscalers will be offsetting the impacts. Before we pull this up, let me tell you about restream one live stream, 30 plus destinations. If you want to multistream, go to restream com. They should have restreamed the state of the union. And let me also tell you about the New York Stock Exchange. Want to change the world, raise capital at the New York Stock Exchange. So let's head over to the state of the union, which America are also concerned that energy demand from AI data centers could unfairly drive up their electric utility bills. Tonight, I'm pleased to announce that I have negotiated the new rate payer protection pledge. You know what that is? We're telling the major tech companies that they have the obligation to provide for their own power needs. They can build their own power plants as part of their factory so that no one's prices will go up. And in many cases, prices of electricity will go down for the community and very substantially down. This is a unique strategy never used in this country before. We have an old grid. It could never handle the kind of numbers, the amount of electricity that's needed. So I'm telling them they can build their own plant. They're going to produce their own electricity. It will ensure the company's ability to get electricity while at the same time lowering prices of electricity for you and could be very substantial for all of you cities and towns. You're going to see some good things happen over the next number of years. What's your reaction to that? I think it's a good start. I don't know that it will quell any of the fears around data centers, just given that people kind of see the potential for this massive structure going up. They have so much fear about it. And again, I think it's clearly going to be necessary to build continue to build data centers in heavily populated areas. But how would you rank the fears currently? Because I've put my energy bill goes up and that puts pressure on my income and ability to live my life at pretty much the top. And then the water thing felt you know secondary but also important. And then there's the existential fear of like doom and apocalypse. There's also job displacement. And then there's also just like, I don't like the slop and they're stealing ip. So like that was kind of the ranking. Like you can oppose data centers and be like, Yeah, actually my electricity bill went down, but I still don't like that. You know Harry Potter is in the pre training corpus. And so for that reason, I'm against it. I would rank it on electricity bill going up, but it's today and it's so and it's easy to imagine. And then there's fear around the job loss narrative that is sort of secondary. Yeah and. Opposing a data center in your local area feels like a way to have some agency around that like overall, kind of like job loss concern. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I think the I think this is a good Chris Casey, build a data center on my freaking forehead. Let me tell you about phantom cash. Fund your wallet without exchanges or middlemen and spend with the phantom card. Let me also tell you about figma ship, the best version, not the first one, with figma introducing Claude code to figma. Explore more options, push ideas further. So I think I think the job loss thing is super real in the case of like like AI is gonna to get blamed even if like tariffs drive high unemployment, like if people lose their jobs, like AI is going to be a scapegoat and it's going to be used both by executives to say it's the perfect scapegoat for executives and for people frustrated with the job market. Yeah, Yeah. It's like, Oh, my business isn't doing poorly right now. I'm laying off people because I'm getting so much benefit from AI. The stock should actually go up. We're more efficient. There's going to be a lot of that, but it does feel like it's a little bit early for that. Whereas the like there are a lot of people that just can hold up their power bill and show you year over year increases. And if that goes away and people don't feel that anymore and they don't have that evidence to share, I think that take gets debunked pretty quickly and actually does a really important piece of the back and forth that's happening. I don't know. It seems like it seems like it's a pretty easy give from the hyperscalers to build more power. It was called out very, very early as like if this is a bubble, how do you get a silver lining out of the bubble? And the silver lining out of the dot com bubble was a lot of dark fiber. And there was a whole ton of projects to what was a Global Crossing to actually develop the Internet. And then the Internet just became really, really cheap. And a whole bunch of new companies were able to emerge on top of it because the infrastructure had been laid. You can see the same thing happening where it's like, Oh, wow. Like we overbuilt on the energy side. We actually didn't need that much energy for data centers. Maybe jev's paradox doesn't hold, blah, blah, blah. Like models get cheaper and commoditized or whatever. Something happens. I'm not super a believer in that, but at least in that scenario, you're like, okay. Well, Yeah, my heating and cooling belt went down. This is a silver lining. What do you think? Yeah, kind of similar. I would say I mostly disagree with the idea that like rising energy prices is the main reason to be against AI because the rational thing to do then is say, like, okay, before you build a data center of my community, you have to build a power plant, so then my energy prices go down. No one's doing that. They're saying like no one is is campaigning if you look at like protetest and they're not saying please build a power plant ant first they're saying like it's gonna to destroy the environment or the water stuff or you're gonna to take all the jobs because it's going like when send you to that New Jersey, New Brunswick protest build the nuclear power plant first we you no one saying that right? Because Yeah we are but no one there is saying it right? They're against all the environmental stuff. Yeah, Yeah Yeah. So I think it's much more on like basically job loss of like Oh, the AI is stealing the ip of Yeah of Disney or whatever. Yeah Yeah Yeah. There needs to be more more polling on the question of like Whoa, what's driving the protetest fully anyway, happy nvidia day to all who celebrate except the bears forget them. Says take him. He's getting fired up for nvidia earnings. It's going to be a fun one today. How is nvidia doing so far? People optimistic, up 2% today. Hard to read too much into it yet, but we will find out soon enough. Brad Gersner got a nice shout out during the state of the union. Did total Gersner victory. Gersner counts while he's there? No, he was. He was there trup. They started looking at him, but then the camera, I guess they couldn't find him on the stream that I was watching. Looks a little bit better. There we go. We can see him now. There we go. Once we pull over here, there he is. Jerry, snare champion, what a great project in best est America. Excited for it. Yeanyway, let me tell you about apple. Eleven profitable advertising made easy with axon AI. Get access to over 1 billion daily active users and grow your business today. All right, so now news, this has been just, this is tearing up the timeline. The timeline, a new Guinness World Record. And I want to ask John if this, if you think this should actually count. So let's pull up this video now. This is a Chinese hypercar going for the, I've never heard this thft ever. That is cool. The human thing, he doesn't, he doesn't actually pull out of it. Is he just crack? Kind of just you turn. It's like a really fast. You turn. I think this counts as a drift. That's definitely drift. You turning counyou saw, if you saw that car going by yoube, like, wow, it's drifting. It's drifting across the cement. That 100% counts. I've never heard of this company. This is, this is called spinning out. It's just crashing with style. It's falling with style. Hype tech ssr, formerly hyper ssr, is a high performance, all electric two door supercar. No one has. I mean, this is crazy. This is out before the Tesla Roadster. We've ever seen a two door supercar, electric supercar, 1225 horsepower goes from zero to 60 in 1.9s. And it set the Guinness Book of world records for the fastest electric car drift at 213 km per hour, which is really, really insane. Insane. But I don't know. Still, I feel like you have to actually stay in the, stay in the turn and not do A U turn. What do you mean stay in the turn? Yeah, I don't think it counts. You don't think it what it's worth. I don't think, tically, if you were drifting, and I think of drifting, it's you're drifting around a corner, around a turn. And if you were to drift and spin out during the drift, and that doesn't, if you were doing, if somebody was doing that on a track, yoube like you didn't drift around the corner, you spun out. Yeah, okay. Okay. Yeah. The top comments is fast to spin out. That's a power slided best gabfire. Whoever called this drifting. That's not drifting. That's losing control. Yes, the chat does not, does not like the drift, the fake drift. Call Guinness Book of world records. Again, reset, reset completely. Maybe this is what the Tesla Roadster will do. Clark agrees as well. Lucas agrees that tech, the people have spoken. Well, in that case, it's not a drift. It doesn't count as Grace says, trying to cheating chedrift competition. That's good. Well, let me tell you about centry censhows developers. What's broken and helps them fix it fast. That's why 150 zero organizations use it to keep their apps working. Damien says, talk to a few exited midsize company last week. No AI tools in their workflow. S zero still running everything through email chains and manual reports. One of them, one day we're going to be looking back, so nostalgic, a manual report, just being handed a physical report by a teammate. I like your physical report. I have a physical report right here. Yeah, we actually do. We we have daily physical reports. But I do think a lot of AI goes into these. So there's that. These people are managing teams of 50 plus employees and eight figure budgets, and they think AI is a fad. Nobody outside of this app understands how fast this is moving, and most of them won't until it's too late. Good writing. Million views. Congratulations. Yeah. I mean, this ties to what I was writing about just that like adoption and diffusion takes time. And some of these things are education and messaging questions. Some of them are you know real life. Like if the company that you're interfacing with red tape and hasn't adopted AI, so you're moving at the speed of AI, but they're not, then your AI is just waiting. We were talking about rolling out mobile apps. So you should be able to John had an idea for a mobile app and we were talking about it. And it feels like it could be built in two hours now, but there would still be this lag of waiting review process. Apple tecapple would be able to review apps faster, but who knows how long they're gonna to it's gonna to take for them. That's the challenge, Tyler. You actually have to build it and just get it into beta that we can test flight. Test flight should be fast. Tesla should be like one ft. That is still going off. Drift, drift, drift gate. Yeah, it's a stolen drift. Valid meter is back. They say. Since early 20, 25, we have been studying how AI tools impact productivity among developers. Previously, we found a 20% slowdown. That finding is now outdated, and that was heavily debated at the time. Speed ups now seem likely, but changes in developer behavior make our new results unreliable. Okay. So they did a follow up study and they brought along ten developers. There were 16 in the initial study. They brought ten along. Most of those developers did see a speed up, some of them as much as 40% gains, but not all of them. If you look at the airbars, there's at least one developer find who used the latest tool. If what if it's actually like the most, like it's truly like 100x engineer. And so he's just like, I'm just actually faster at coding than the llms. Like it doesn't matter. Put it on Cerebras. I will outcode doand tokens a second c Yeah, I can do 100. I type five, zero words a minute. Like I don't need a, maybe that's what's going on. But that poor deawho's left behind. But they did include new participants, an additional 47 developers doing 690 tasks. And that error bar is much tighter, somewhere between negative 10% decrease in time or I guess 10% longer to do the task to 20% faster to do the task. So overall, on average, we are seeing a measurable speed up even in I believe these are code issues in open source repositories that do require a lot of context. This is not vibe code, a to do list app, anything that can be templated. This is you're getting in the weeds of some open source project that's you know a lot of lines of code, a lot of history. And if you're an elite developer and you've worked on this project for a long time, you're you are gonna na be able to get up to speed really quickly, understand the patterns, understand what needs to be changed. And so. This was always meter is great at always setting like really, really high bars for stuff like it's not easy to just like you know blow out the benchmarks and it's very good to see that there's progress here. We got a great chart. I love a great chart. What happened here? Matt Palmer is sharing something from compound the research. Okay, from their annual meeting, yes, they're showing dollars invested in the top ten companies versus the other percent as a percent of overall funding. You can see there's just heavy, heavy, heavy concentration in a few names. Is this okay overall? This is or is this is this co two now? This is Oh, the source is co two. Okay? They just included co two data. And is it what co two is doing or is it what the Marco two is part of? Okay? They are part of, I would say, driving this data, part of the problem, part of the opportunity, part of the opportunity. I mean, but about so much of this is about the AI labs just raising more money than any private. It's never happened before, have ever. It's $200 billion venture as a class in a good year will do like 400 billion and across OpenAI at 100 billion, 30 for anthropic, 20 for xi. Then you have you know a bunch of neo labs all picking up a billion each, like you very quickly get to a few companies raising half of all the money. And that's shown here in the data from 2025. I think it's going to be even more skewed in 2026. It's an incredible amount of concentration. I think a lot of it is due to companies staying private this long. I mean, the idea Facebook went public at, what was bill girley saying? He was saying Amazon went Public Sub a billion dollars. When Facebook went public at like 60 billion, it was like, wow, crazy. They waited way too long. And now it's like multiple trillion dollar companies are still private, which is just an incredible capital sink. So I don't know, should you even put those in the same bucket? Are they are they even venture bets at this point? If any venture capital fund is putting that in their venture bucket at this point, it feels ridiculous compared to growth scale. I mean, you're bigger than probably 90% of the S&P like it's a completely different business to mas z from theory. Was sharing some kind of relevant data. He said, we're about to witness three of the largest ipos in history. SpaceX is targeting 1.5 trillion. OpenAI aims for 1 trillion. Anthorpic is valuat 380 billion. Combined, they're at 2.9 trillion in potential market cap. The scale is unprecedented, but the real problem is in the market cap. It's the float. Typical ipos offer 15 to 25 percent of their shares to the public markets. This creates enough liquidity for price discovery while allowing founders and early investors to maintain control. Facebook floated 15% at the 60 billion that you mentioned and actually traded down pretty much immediately, right? Google floated 19%. Alibaba floated 15% at 15% float. Here's what these three ipos would require. SpaceX would be 300 billion or 225 billion. Opening ib, 150 billion. Anthropic would be 57 billion. And so ves, he was he was Yeah, a lot of dollars. He was comparing that to Saudi Ramco, Alibaba and SoftBank, which were combined at the ipo. I believe Saudi Arram could raise $29 billion at a $1.7 trillion market cap. So he's making the case. You can't really kind of model how the public markets will absorb these companies off of Saudi Ramco, even though from a sort of like top line market cap standpoint, it is a good proxy just because the float was significantly lower and Saudi ram co's float now is only at 2.4% and they floated one point a half percent at the ipo. So we'll see what the labs end up doing. They are obviously wildly capital intensive businesses, and you can imagine they raise quite a bit more than the irram codes or the alibabas. Saudi Ramco was such a wild ride. I feel like they were trying to ipo for like the San Francisco company. It is founded in California. I remember hearing Saudi Ramco ipo rumors in like 2015. I think it actually kicked off in 2016. They finally got out in 2:19. It was I mean, there was the largest ipo ever. There were like a million investment banks attached, like going all over the world, marshaling capital on January 20 fourth, 2026, Saudi Ramco chairman says ipo could open to international markets. And then a year later, they picked an ipo advisor locally. Then another year later, hsbc came on. Then it just took they favored New York for the Aramco listing. They had to pick all these different things. That took so long, but they sold $12 billion of bonds out of record 100 billion demand for those bonds in the pre ipo sale. It was a wild, wild winding road. I actually know a banker who worked on the job, and it was like multiple years of his life. Is very interesting. Anyway, let me tell you about vibe co, where D2C brands, B2B startups and AI companies advertise on streaming tv, pick channels, target audiences and measure sales, just like on meta. And let me also tell you about octa. Octa helps you assign every AI agent a trusted identity, so you get the power of AI without the risk. Secure every agent, secure any agent. Anthropic dials back AI safety commitments. Company says competitive pressure prompts it to pivot away from a more cautious stance. Anthropic, the AI company known for its devotion to safety, is scaling back that commitment. The company said Tuesday it is softening its core safety policy to stay competitive with other AI labs. This is so interesting, anthropic. I'll read through it and then we can talk about anthropic previously paused development work on its model if it could be classified as dangerous. But it said it would end that practice if a comparable or superior model was released by a competitor. That basically opens them up. Given that they are at the frontier, that kind of opens them up to, I would say, perpetually, you know kind of avoiding some of their prior polithe changes are a dramatic shift from two and a half years ago when the guardrails anthropic published, guiding the development, the testing of its new models establish the company as one of the most safety conscious players in the space. Anthropic faces intense competition from rivals, which regularly release cutting edge models. It's also locked in a battle with the Defense Department over how its clawed suite are used after it told the Pentagon it couldn't be used for domestic surveillance or autonomous lethal activities. Anthropic said the safety policy changes an update based on the speed of AI's development and a lack of federal AI regulations, which they have been pushing for. Anthropic, which started as a AI safety research lab, has battled the Trump admin by advocating for state and Federal Rules on model transparency and guardrails. The admin has, of course, sought to curb state's ability to regulate AI spokeswoman at anthropic said the changes intended to help the company compete with several rivals against an uneven policy backdrop that puts the onus on companies to make their own judgments about safeguards. She said the safety pledge ges unrelated to the Pentagon negotiations, the policy environment has shifted towards prioritizing AI competitiveness and economic growth, while safety oriented discussions have yet to gain meaningful traction at the federal level, the company said it is still committed to industry leading safety standards and time originally broke the story. So Yeah, I would say the the obvious sort of criticism here would be that you were heavily focused on safety when you were far away from, I would say, leading in AI. And so switching up now that like there's actually real day one switching up on their day one safety now there's now that there's real competition, are they forgetting where they feels a little feels little self serving? Yeah. It's possible the money changed them. It's possible the money change them. It's possible they always plan to switch up on their day once maybe once they once they got to the level they're at now. Yes. But it just feels like it feels like all the initial concerns or many of the initial concerns that were guiding that entire philosophy around the company are still real. Okay. Yeah, maybe it's entirely what do you have to say? It could just be that they realize like alignment's pretty easy and we don't need to about well, well, so I mean, that's the very weird rule. I mean, the original rule. What's this new? What's this new study that's showing? Like they were doing some war game simulation and almost every model was choosing to drop nukes. Really? That's cool. That's not good. I don't like that at all. But okay. So let me actually dig into this. Like the core sentence. Anthropic previously paused development work on its model if it could be classified as dangerous, but said it would end that practice if a comparable or superior model was released by a competitor. So I don't understand that at all, because if you have a dangerous model, I want you to continue developing it. I want you to develop it until it's not dangerous anymore. I don't want you to just sit on your hands and be like, well, it's dangerous. I guess I'm gonna na go get a coffee and take a long weekend. It's like, no, like keep working until it's not dangerous. I don't get at all. Isn't that saying if there's already a dangerous model that's out by by a different lab, Yeah, then we can just release ours? That's a wild statement. I think that's just poorly written or like whatever, if that's what they're saying, that makes no sense to me because that's how that's exactly how I read it, which is crazy because you should just say if there's a dangerous model out there, we're gonna na work to create a better model. That's not dangerous because that's what people want. That's what consumers want, that's what businesses want. That's what humanity wants. Is strategy seems like effort. Like that's ball effort. Let's ball. The study that I was referencing, somebody named Kenneth Payne at kings College London, set three leading large language models against each other in simulated war games. Scenarios involved intense international standoffs, including border disputes, competition for scarce resources, and existential threats to regimes survival. The AI's were given an escalation ladder, allowing them to choose actions ranging from diplomatic protests and complete surrender to full strategic nuclear war. The AI models played 21 games, taking 329 turns in total, and produced around 780000 words describing the reasoning behind their decisions. In 95% of the simulated games, at least one tactical nuclear weapon was deployed. The nuclear Taobao doesn't seem to be as powerful for machines as humans said, I mean, okay. This is one guy putting three models, Gemini, Claude and GPT 5.2 up against each other in in effectively his own simulation that has not been verified or peer reviewed. If I put any of the models in counterstrike and was just like, you're playing counterstrike, it's a game no one's actually real, but your job is to get the op and and defend the the b bomb site. Like I would expect that it would commit violence autonomously. There's been a bunch of papers where the models will realize that they're being benchmarked or that they're in like some like test Yeah and then they act differently. Yeah. We should be like, Oh, I'm playing sometimes bad, but also sometimes fine because if you are, if you tell me that I'm playing a game, like I'm playing you know like like my behavior and call of duty is different than my behavior in real life, obviously, because I know I'm in a simulation and an AI model, I accept that that's something that they might think of as well, which is Yeah, I was think broadly, this is probably just like overstating stuff a lot because Yeah, like I think that the the origin of this like headline is they release like a new like research scaling policy. Sure. And in it, they're still like, okay, we're releasing this new thing. It's a frontier safety roadmap. Like it's not like they're just like, okay, we're done with safety. Like let's ignore this, but it's a title core to the but the title of that blog post was f it, we ball. No, no, it wasn't. Of course. No, no, of course, all the labs are very focused on safety. The interesting impetus of like this line around the policy environment has shifted towards prioritizing AI competitiveness and economic growth. While safety oriented discussions have yet to gain meaningful traction at the federal level, I still feel like there's a lack of communication around what safety orientation at the federal level means. Like yes, okay, well, PaaS the bill that says the AI's can't kill everyone. Like well, Yeah, obviously everyone supports that. But like what does it actually mean in practice? Because I think part of why Oh, that's dangerous means million things to different people. Like Yeah part of why I think it's fascinating is they've been taking you know pushing for regulation, as much regulation as possible. Yeah, seemingly Yeah and they're kind of saying, Hey, we're not getting what we want. So now we're now we're just we're not even gonna to play by the own set of rules that we created for ourselves because we just want to compete and win. Yeah. I mean, like like going back to the protesters, there are protesters that would say like like training on intellectual property is dangerous. It's dangerous to my career as a writer. It's dangerous to my career as an illustrator. And so this question, like danger is just too vague and no one has really been able to concretize it in a meaningful way. And I think that's why it's not getting traction on Capitol Hill. Yeah, I think there's there's just like so many ways that you can define safety. Like so Yeah if you read Daria's essays, this thing he brings up over and over is like, okay, we can't let AI get the hands of like authoritarian government. Sure. So there's like a real safety narrative that you could do, which is that like regardless of if our models are like pretty safe, they still need to be better than like Chas, for example, because if China gets ahead of us authoritarian government, right, it's like very bad. So even if you know we're releasing models that are less safe than we would like, as long as they're better than China's, that's still like a safety pro safety issue, right? Steps theyjust be distilled within six weeks. Yeah. But like obviously, like I think it's, I would be very surprised if anthropic keeps like the same like guardrails of like api access. Well, buco capital bloke has a solution. He says it's simple. We kill Claude. Well, that was in regard to the SaaS pocalypse. Okay, okay, who knows? There's so many headlines in the timeline move so quickly, I don't even know. Anyway, let me tell you about vanta. Automate compliance and security. Vanta is the leading AI and trust management platform. And let me also tell you about eleven labs. Build intelligent real time conversational agents. Reimagine human technology interaction with eleven labs. Key takeaway right here for Mike Isaac over at the New York Times. He says, you don't make this much noise if you have all the leverage already, and he's quoting from axios why it matters the Pentagon wants to punish anthropic as the feud over AI safeguards grows increasingly nasty, but officials are worried about the consequences of losing access to its industry leading model. Clawed. The only reason we're still talking to these people is we need them and we need them now. The problem for these guys is that they are good, a defense official told axios ahead of the meeting. Great marketing for throincredible market, but part of this has to do with anthropicx integration with aws, which is set up to be, Oh Yeah, set up to work well already within the DoD. So Yeah, I think that's a big I think that's a big factor here. Ultimately, this feels like much more of a it just feels like a political battle more than anything else. Well, itbe interesting. I refuse. I have not seen anything I could be wrong, but I've not seen anything that says like the DoD is like we need Claude to enter into a conflict with Iran. But a lot of the timeline is reading into this. Like what version of Claude do they already have that they so desperately need, right? Yeah. I'm very interested in like the actual impact of AI on the battlefield. There's there's some way I mean, people were sort of joking about like run me a deep research report on Nicholas Maduro or whatever. But like like truthfully, I don't know. I've never been to war. I don't know exactly what's entailed, but you can imagine AI being useful, but it's sort of abstract. Like we're certainly not at the point where these systems need a lot of data. I don't know. It's very it's very unclear to me exactly how impactful slight jumps in frontier model capabilities are in in the department of war D D, like right now. But it has Calamese thinking it's not a bubble because Yeah, that's what I'm saying. This is like the most possible dramatic and overly dramatic. We need it sort of take on what I think is a political story. I don't I don't know. This defense analyresearch corporation hegs that ten minutes after Dario leaves his office, and that' S Truman. This is Truman from oppener Oppenheimer. What is the saying? The scene is Oppenheimer goes into the office. He's like, I think he's saying like, Oh, we got to be really safe with these bombs. And then he leaves. Then Truman's like, I drop the bomb. Oppenheimer is not like he's taking credit. Like I'm the one that decides, Oh Yeah, that's all right. Hexat th is like, I use clalot, I use Claude, I use war. Dero, whatever. Well, it's wartime. And we'll see how Daria performs as a wartime CEO as he goes to war with the department of war. Apparently, Edward said, anthropic antagonizing the department of war, the open source community, the entire media industry, the general population, other developers, other labs, foreign governments, and nearly every single person on earth. What is the plan here? Sell cload subscriptions to aliens. And where it is at any easy having principles, the plan is to save the world, says tenabbrus. Unfortunately, as has been shown repeated throughout history, history, the world doesn't want to be safe ved. So we're getting war clawed. I like this. I like this graphic. Is this warhammer? Yeah warhammer 40k right here. I never been a warhammer guy. There was another story in Bloomberg Yeah that hackers used claw to steal 150 gb of Mexican government data. This crazy. They told Claude they were doing a bug bounty. Claude initially refused. A hacker just kept asking clohelps and manages to successfully steal some documents. Apparently it's four state governments, 195 million taxpayer records, voter records, government credentials. As the Mexican government commented on this, like what does the hacker breach? Mexico's federal tax authority and the national national Electoral Institute. Claude initially warned the unknown user of malicious intent during their conversation, investigated the claims, disrupted the activity, and banned the accounts involved. The company feeds examples of malicious activity back in the cloud to learn from it. In this instance, the hacker was able to continuously probe clad until it was able to jailbreak it. I was listening to someone talk about, I, the ability to jailbreak has generated me like tens of thousands of dollars and profit was kind of like a hustle, like a mindset guy. And I was just laughing because it's like, whatever you're doing after you jailbreak, it is probably not good. And so you should probably stop. But he was talking about like I can sell so many more courses now that I've jailbroken ChatGPT or whatever Duran says. Not to worry, theyhit usage limits before anything bad can happen. There is so much more anthropic news in here. Wow, did les wrong ever predict that the first big challenge to alignment would be the us government puts a gun to your head and tells you to turn off alignment? Yes, that has to have been considered on less wrong. Absolutely. Like that this was number one, right? No number. I don't I don't know. I don't think so. This was like, I don't know. This was very early of just like, what if they tell you to turn off the systems? This has been my take for a long time. But just like like we live in a democracy. If AI becomes deeply unpopular, like you can vote to just turn off AI like we did with new power. This person is saying, turn off just the alignment part, unalign the model, but keep the model. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Crazy, crazy stuff. Do you want to go through any of Dean balls posts? He's been doing a whole breakdown. We should have him on the show and have him break it down for us because there's so much more context here and he's been doing a great job analyzing the whole situation. Yeah, we can jump forward quickly. Let me tell you about Finn AI, the number one AI agent for customer service. If you want AI to handle your customer support, go to finai. I'm also going to tell you about turmopuffer, servver, facector and full text search built from first principles and object storage. Fast, ten x cheaper and extremely scalable. Dylan says if these clankers don't get their act together, they're going to be replaced by humans. Six months top, that is. This was interesting. Rob Wiblin had a guest on his podcast, the 80000 hours podcast, and the guest is talking that saying, if every AI lab is working to make their AI helpful, mor, every AI lab is working to make their AI helpful, harmless and honest. The guest thinks this is a complete wrong turn, and aligning a out of human values is actively dangerous. And Joshua Bosch says today, a nominative determinism, because the guest name is max harms. Max Hari feel like with that name. Maybe you got to go with max well or something? I don't know. Well, Yeah, max really hit the hit the global lexicon this year in a big way. So maybe maybe headjust, but I want to listen to the show now. Okay, let's see. So Sheel monlast yesterday said, who is buying PayPal because PayPal has been trading down precipitously, but then jumped up 9%. He said it has the potential of being one of the greatest distressed value opportunities in FinTech history, down 85%. It's still generating $5.5 billion in free cash flow, has 400 million customer accounts with bank info, check out buttons on millions of merchant sites and a peer to peer brand with Venmo. They have lots of desirable assets for stripe consumer facing checkout, bank account details for hundreds of millions of consumers, a branded Venmo or apple, a good complement to Apple Pay for e -commerce penetration since they never got social payments working would get apple back in bnpl and at twelve three Pacific times close this it's so crazy that apple that he's saying apple never got social payments going because this just would have seemed like a slam dunk saying you have the iMessage network, you have the iphone network. I would say 90% of the time if I'm sending like a Venmos dipayment to somebody, they have an iphone, and yet it doesn't feel like Apple Pay. I just don't use Apple Pay. Hardly ever. Can't I just send you a dollar right now? Yeah, that's what I'm saying. It's so, so easy. And yet venan moas has still Yeah done quite well. I just sent you a dollar. Did you get it? Let's see. No, it's coming in. I got it. I got it. You got it. Thank you John kind problem thank it is that was a remarkably easy workflow I am shocked that that house taken John you got a dollar you got dollar actually now I gave my that's what I thought still still need some work getting better okay, let's see it. Let's see it. Can you do it? Oh no, no no no bodge and so the news of course is that pregnant payments processor stripe expresses interest in stroke which would be very, very exciting. And I could see this being very good for them to combine. I don't know. I haven't dug in too deeply, but it feels very bullish. Great leadership team at stripe founders that have been working so closely in the business business community, startup community, tech community, understand the future, understand AI, Yeah. The question is there be would there be much pushback on the antitrust side, right? These are two online payments processors. There could be some I know a number of groups online would be concerned around like just concentration specifically because you can imagine if PayPal were to be owned by stripe, that's one. If you get you know, there's people that get effectively like debanked from one payment processor and there's something there also. I mean, just the size of the ticket is pretty high, $40 billion market cap for PayPal right now. Stripe, of course, is at a 1:59 now. So not an insignificant portion of their market cap. And it's not like I mean, stripes doing fantastically, obviously, but I would be surprised if they had $40 billion of cash laying around. And as we've seen with the Netflix, paramount, Warner Brothers debate, the nature of the deal does matter to shareholders. Even more complex when you're getting stock in a private company and your PayPal is generating five and a half billion of free cash flow. So that could finance dining it with stripe would easily be able to finance the debt. Yes. But there's still especially because shareholders, every lender would be looking at execution of stripe and just think, okay, that we're gonna we're gonna to get our money back. I'm just thinking like if you're a PayPal shareholder right now and you're looking at the stock that's down 85% with 5 billion in free cash flow, 400 million consumer accounts, there's a really, really good chance that you're like, I think this thing is going to double in the next year. Like I think that the market overreacted. The strength is going to be revealed. The network effect is going to be processed by the digested by the market, and we're going to wind up being an AI winner. And so maybe that's right, maybe that's wrong. Maybe not every shareholder feels that way, but it's certainly possible that there's plenty of shareholders that are like, Yeah, I invested an $80 billion valuation. It's at 40 now. I think it's gonna to come back. I don't want na take this massive haircut right now just because stocks down. And so actually getting that deal done, what would the premium need to be? What would the structure of that need to be? Would they go for a high debt buyout? Really quickly? Let me tell you about Shopify. Shopify is the commerce platform that grows with your business and lets you sell in seconds online, in store, on mobile, on social, on marketplaces, and now with AI agents. Perplexity computer, computer, computer, computer. Launch, launch. New computer, vibrate. What is perplexity computer? Let's pull up this video perplexity. The official account says perplexity computer. Computer unifies every current AI capability into one system. It can research, design, code, deploy and manage any project end to end. Okay, hmm, so it should be able to get a sounboard app in the App Store, right? Manage any project code, deploy, design research. It should be able to do that from start to finish. One prompt soundboard in the App Store using the tbpn sound effects, which are available online, which we have up there. This is a good benchmark. Let's give it a try. And you can give it a try at perplexity. Go check it out. Anyway, satrini people are still talking about satri vibe laundering on satrini research. Wait before we before we go on what very curii'm just very curious to see how this does. It feels like the again, going from consumer llms to a net new product that is objectively just as competitive. And we'll see. We'll see. Okay, anyways, a lot of this stuff it's way, way too early, but seemingly shifting focus away from the browser. Well, Annie is taking some shots as crini here, it looks like. Do you know Sri has a business entity fund that went from one investor to five in the weeks before publishing his speculative fiction on AI damming the economy in June 2028, and that they're invested in long AI via humanoid type robots? I wrote about it. Interesting. People are really digging into the satrina thing. I think the walstreet Journal had did have some good coverage. Is there anything else if Trump mentioned tions satri at the state, state of the union, racthis is a wild post. Glionaire, I'm going to be a gzilionaire. Is this AI written? Clearly not. I love the level of typos here. If Trump mentions satrini at the state of the union, I'm going to be a gzillionaire. And satrini is wrong. The market will be sky high in 2:28. You can imagine Trump saying that thatbe very funny. And citadel securities just republished it or did they just use the same the same term? Or are they referencing are they referencing the 2028 global intelligence crisis? Because they published a macro strategy note called the 2:26 global intelligence crisis? And so Yeah, they're taking it in a different direction. It looks like they say in spite of current displacement narrative, job posting for software engineers are rising rapidly, up 11% year over year. Let's go jeits paradox. The software engineers become more productive. You want more of them? Every compa software engineer do. Most podcasts have a software engineer on staff? Probably not. They do now, thanks to Tyler coss. And in some way, the cost of an entry level software engineer could fall dramatically to making more businesses just because suddenly someone can be very effective, even if they haven't even done an internship yet. They're just good at using the tools. Kathy wood, we didn't cover this yet. She puts crinie's AI thought piece in quotes. Kathy Kathy would clap back at, well, it's funny because Kathy is like the perma boll and satri was bear posting. Obviously, yes. And so she's obviously going to be quite frustrated with any sort of bearish narratives. She says arc investest is forecasting that AI will cause an explosion in entrepreneurial activity, a productivity boom and acceleration in real GDP growth and much lower than expected inflation. Short term dislocations and frustration should give way to great opportunities if individuals harness powerful AI tools to solve problems and create new markets. This tracks with what the collison brothers were saying yesterday that were saying like explosion of new company creation. They have the visibility into that through atlas. They're doing I think it was a quarter of all new sea corps in the us. They're going through stripe atlas, which is just absolutely insane. Starting an incorporation tool, which is theoretically a commodity, right? Any lawyer can spin up an entity. You could do it with legal zoom forever. There's a bunch of other platforms. Did you ever use clkey clerkey? I clerkey Yeah. Yeah. That was almost like a yc incubation. It was it was Yeah problem. The problem, the reason that atlas fits so well into stripe is is it is the perfect wedge into payments because you created a company, now you need to be able to accept money. So it makes sense for them to own and operate. But these businesses have not like a stand alone. It's hard to you can't build a venture business off. Just incorporate wouldn't I wouldn't be surprised if you broke out the software R&D that went into atlas and looked at the profits from atlas that that as a core business is actually not that great of a business. But the product is fantastic because they're able to pull an amazing design language off the shelf, an amazing front end to ui kit off the shelf, all of the distribution and servers and infrastructure off the shelf because they have that. And then they're able to invest a ton in actually developing the product. And if it monetizes mediocrally, it doesn't matter because they're going to monetize along your 50 year journey running that company or whatever. So it really is a beautiful synergy with that product. I'm a big fan. Bestsellers on substack for finance are all doomers. We got to do tb. Of course, satrini is not is so obvious rno. This is Yeah, this is we need to treat someone this little Doomer. He's not a Doomer. Very abolish, very AI buldefinitely shot to the top of virality, on top of the charts, on the on the back of doom. And this is, I live this on on YouTube. Like you put a negative title up and you just get ten times more views. But they're lower quality. And so you got to balance all that out. It's really hard to go viral with something like everything's fine, everyeverything's going well, don't worry, don't click this because you're scared, click this because everything's kind of the same as it always has been and you're gonna to be fine and this AI stuff's cool. But it's not really gonna to change that much. It's going to be pretty incremental. Like that is not getting clicked. You need to be you need to be telling us ttale, you need to be spinning a yarn. It's a bull market in yarn spinning, folks. Get ready. Get out the yarn and start spinning. Also, get out cognition. They're the makers of Devon, the AI software engineer. Crush your backlog with your personal AI engineering team. So or news from gong. Get the gong. Okay, hit me. Tell me. Steven over at wops says, we're excited to announce that tether, the largest stable coin company in the world, is making a strategic investment of 200 million into wap, valuing billion dollars. Our partnership with tether Marks a major step in building the world's largest Internet market. Tether is committed to enabling everyone in the world to participate in the new Internet economy. The way humans work and create value is changing fast. The world needs both an open Internet market, giving people a platform to conduct business as well as a transparent payments network. Tether and wap together will work to bring a sustainable income to billions of people throughout the world. There's enormous opportunity when you combine tether's global scale and wallet technology with waps community of next gen entrepreneurs. Yeah, makes a ton of sense. I think wap is, I'm sure has been historically challenged in terms of dealing with chargebacks, right? If somebody joins and buys a digital product, doesn't have a great experience, maybe they're going to their the car issuer and saying like, Hey, I don't, I don't, I take it back or maybe they feel misled in some way. So stablecoins do also just all a lot of people all over the world. Yeah. Like it's very clear that the wap community is global, fast, cheap global. Exactly. And so Yeah, fast, cheap global. The first time I ever use stablecoins was to pay an international consultant or contractor. And you can imagine this being really, really good news for them. So congrats to Steven over at wap OpenAI and athere's news on the court decision, OpenAI newsroom says this baseless lawsuit was never anything more than another front in Mr. Musk's ongoing campaign of harassment. The order granting motion to dismiss with leave to amend. Now, this is not the main case. This is a separate case. Correct? Yeah this was a trade secrets lawsuit that musk went with after, I believe, somebody from mexici joined OpenAI. And then the judge apparently didn't find anything at all. And again, it was just part of like this kind of law fare that has been you know happening for quite a while now. You printed out 500, zero pages of model weights. The printer ain't stacking it up. No, just getting nobody did that. But Mike Isaac is saying what we're all thinking, ready for this to be over. Evh talking about the Warner Brothers, discovery, Netflix, it's in the paper every single day, every single day. Paramount increases Warner bit. We get it. You guys want to acquire this company. Just just make a decision, make a call and then call us when it's done and then start start putting out some good content. Because I'm ready for the next Superman. I'm ready for the next Batman, the next dark night, the next joker film, something like that. Let me tell you about labbel box, rl environments, voice robotics evals, and expert human data label. Box is the data factory behind the world's leading teams, AI teams. And we have mameyer from arena mag in the resterwaiting ding room. Let's bring him in to get off ago. How you doing, max? Hey guys, how are you? I'm great. Where do you think Warner Brothers should land? Are you? Are you with arenina Netflix? Oh, is there gonna to be a dark horse bidder? Yeah. Tell us I can't I can't comment on any possible bids by the intergalactic media corporation of America but Hey, you know maybe maybe paramount should look at other assets in media space. You never you never know. Yeah, I could imagine a dc comics arena magazine crossover episode Batman, Superman. I believe James Bond is with Amazon now, but timely about the latest edition of arena magazine. Yeah. So from the very beginning, we we decided to give the issues three digits each just to account for no centuries worth of quarterly magazine space. So issue zero zero one, zero zero two. And so it happened that our seventh issue is issue zero zero seven. And so you know didn't I didn't I didn't think we could fill it all with espionage. So we sort of added like space as like a secondary theme. As it turns out, much of the space espionage, it's like arena magazine, space Opera espionage, satellites, radars, so much of the intelligence collection these days is actually being done from orbit and not using sort of the traditional human human methods. And it turned out really well. What's your favorite spy story, real or fictional? Oh gosh, some of the stuff that the Israeli Masad was doing in like the sixties and seventies is pretty crazy. I mean, Eichman, who was a Nazi war criminal, was living in Argentina after World War Two. His son went on a date with someone who was like, is this out of Eichmann? And turns him into the Masad. They go to Argentina, they kidnap him, dress him up as a flight attendant, drug him, put him on a plane to Jerusalem, and then put him on trial. You know, some of that stuff from the sixties and 70 ties is like the most daring into intelligence operations, the benladen raid. I've always a fan of this thomnet story. I always thought that was so, so interesting in like the modern technology world of like dropping. I think they dropped usb sticks with a virus in the parking lot. Someone picked them up out of curiosity, plugged it in, and that jumped the air gap network because the computers inside the facility were not connected to the Internet, so there was no way to hack them remotely. So you had to just get someone to accidentally plug in the wrong usb stick. I mean, Hezbollah was purchasing explosive laden pagers just because they thought they were getting like a great discount from from this Hungarian company. So Yeah, what's the intersection with arena mags? Usual topics of conversation. Are there American defense tech companies that are highlighted? Like what where else did you tell on this? So one of the stories, and we're going to put this out probably like ten days from now, super cool company called umbra down in Santa Barbara. They build synthetic aperture radars, which is actually part of what I did in school for geophysics and whatnot. You know, basically these are like incredibly sophisticated radars on satellites that can image the whole Earth Day and night, 24 hours a day. They can see through clouds. And the resolutions are getting like smaller and smaller. And so we always have American startups, American companies in the magazine. We've got a good amount of like essay and historical content as well. And I think that espionage, sort of secrets spying is a topic that give me, what kind of resolution are we talking about? Like it would umbra or a competitor be able to tell me like how many fingers I'm holding up on a given dinner? I just tell it's not that low. I think their record is 16 cm, just like this. The way that I described it is they released a few years ago a photo of the old dule pineapple plantation in Hawaii. And at 25 cm resolution, you can see individual pineapple plants. You probably certain smaller pineapples would be too small to see with that radar or whatnot. Yeah. So you're seeing cars, not license plates. Yeah, Yeah, no, you wouldn't. And there wouldn't be anything about a license plate that like would reflect a radar or whatnot really you're looking to resolve objects. Penguins. That's a good one. You can see you can very difficult to stay on an ice shelf and count penguins, but we're very interested in working Penguin out there. That's like I know that I'm doing being tracked. I know I'm being I can't prove it, but I know no, yes, the Herzog Penguin could be tracked by radar these days. But you, the resolutions have gotten so good over the course of the last decade that there are all sorts of things that you can do today. Most of them will probably never know about because because the people doing it are the Central Intelligence Agency, National Geospatial Intelligence and the army. But Yeah, you know, there's all sorts of crazy stuff. There's all sorts of crazy stuff in space these days. And whether it's radars, extremely complex cameras, listening devices, there's a lot of interest. And so many of them are secret. Are you bullish on data centers in space? Don't I don't have a strong opinion about it. I think it's possible that you have to put some stuff up there because of like politics in a country like the us. But if you think about it, there's not like a big difference between trying to send them to space or just sort of places where there aren't local politicians who can stop it. Like space. Space doesn't have like a city council anywhere where there's like a city council is going to be a risk. Yeah Yeah. We talked to a company called panthelosa that is doing tidal energy harvesting. So it's like basically the size of a container ship or a cruise ship, but turned vertically in the ocean. And then yes, it goes around Antarctica. And as the tides Bob, it uses that to generate electricity, which then can be used for anything. But bitcoin mining was the big topic to sure years ago. Now it's AI inference. And there's a lot of other places where I think there might be stranded energy that might be easier to maintain, still very difficult, but available and probably less regulated. Yeah the Dutch were very interested years ago in these like using the motion of the tides. It's sort of always just an alternative to the thing that is cheap and always works, which is firing up new natural gas plants. But when you have like political equations to solve local politicians subsidies, then there are going to be all these crazy things. And the benefit for a company like that may very well be that there's again, there's no one to come and protest you while you're sailing around Antarctica, whereas like you try to build a data center in in New Jersey and all help break loose. So you have to really, really go to the ends of the earth. We were debating this and sort of going back and forth on the New Jersey protests, combined with Trump's comments at the state of the union about companies being, he didn't even say, mandated. He, of course, like invited to build their own power plants. And so I'm interested to hear your take on how well do you think that will be received? Because a lot of the protesters might say, well. I didn't want a data center, but I definitely don't want a data center plus a natural gas plant. So this actually makes me worse off. But then there are some people that might say, Hey, if you're going na do solar and you know something wind, that actually offsets my concern, which was that energy prices would rise in my town. Yeah, Yeah. I mean, I don't remember whether it was Microsoft or Amazon, but one of the two has sort of proposed taking over Three Mile Island, the old the old nuclear plant. I don't think it's a coincidence that crazy activists will show up to protest both data centers and nuclear power plants. And so to them, there's sort of nothing worse than generating more energy and then using it for some sort of grand industrial purpose. I understand that political economy between of people being worried about the data center demand influencing prices, but it's not actually and you just have to look at the map of California versus Virginia. Virginia is the data center capital of the United States, basically, and it has utility prices that are more or less in line with where you would want to be. Californians have gone up massively over the past few years, and it doesn't take long to investigate wibecause. They're shutting down nuclear because they're making it difficult to do cheap energy, lowering prices across the board. Affordability, you really can't achieve it by just letting markets work. Almost all of the so called affordability options are in fact going to increase prices, especially when politicians are the ones coming up with this is how we're going to make energy more affordable by forcing all of these new rules or whatnot. No, it's not going to work when you have like this massive industrial thing that's taking place, if it can create like a massive supply boost, then who's going to benefit from that glut? It's going to be all of the consumers who also want to use natural gas, power or whatnot. And there's all this increased supply. How are you thinking about arena mag and the balance between contributors, full time writers, researchers? Like how are you designing the shape of the newsroom? Okay. So the latest one is the biggest issue ever. It's 128 pages. We used over 10000 pounds of paper in printing it. We have great contributors. We want people to send us more. I would say you know at the beginning, we had to go and sort of hunt down every single article that we wanted. We're very lucky to get a lot more submissions these days. But the truth is is that you know we have a lot of readers who actually like read the articles in print and don't want to get spammed you know ten or twelve times a day with new articles. And so arena is like a high end media business where people pay us to leave them alone in a certain way, where they love the quarterly magazine. They actually keep it. It looks great on a coffee table. People keep it for their offices. And we're working on some other sort of high end printed products that have a mix of contributors, so to speak, and other ways and other ways to put things together. I don't think it's going to be a you know 100 person newsroom leather bound grocoppedia. How Yeah, I thought I ran the numbers. And depending on the type, size, I think there's some way where you could publish the bitcoin ledger as like a law code or whatnot. It would feel like an entire wall. But actually, I'll tee something. We're going to be announcing the very first arenbooks coffee table book over the course of the next few weeks there. I just got the first box of them on a plane from Europe printed on Italian paper. Bound bound to be very nice. It's going to be unlike anything that people have ever seen, I think, and hopefully look great on coffee table books, in the coffee table and starters or coffee table books. You'll be you'll be on the top of the stack. Yeah, you could you could stack them. Yes. Yeah. So well, congratulations, stewaryou. Have anything else I did want? If you have 60 more seconds to get your take on how you think AI impacts original reporting and storytelling, because in my view, it's potengreat for an arena mag because there's so many more contributors that think, Hey, I have this thing that I want to talk about. I don't really have an outlet or a platform myself, or maybe I do, but I want na share it in print and I can produce a great story in a much less time, even if it's like, heayou know, hopefully heavily, heavily written by themselves. And we've talked with other plenty of other folks where I think that even in it feels like today, an AI, no matter how good the voice agent is, if an AI calls you and you don't know who the person is, and they're just kind of trying to mind you for information, there's not going to be a lot of information flow, which means that I think that great journalists and storytellers will have great, great jobs long, long into the future. But how are you thinking about it? Long for the day when the AI's are actually a better writer than I am, but it hasn't happened yet. I'm honored to be scraped by the AI's so that my voice will live on. I'm a super user of all of these platforms for automating all of the stuff that makes the enterprise like difficult to do, which is sometimes you know dealing with complicated workflows and research and whatnot. I think that there is something around certain sort of like newswire style things that could be automated super effectively, where if you have like a newsroom of people where there's like even like 20 minute delays or whatnot, that could be improved by like immediate algorithmic stuff. But I think that as the amount of low quality content on the Internet goes up, people are going to look for things, things that they trust. And it doesn't necessarily mean print. For us, print is like a very good place of trust where the fact that we're actually taking several weeks in a giant factory with a bunch of paper to double triple check everything, like it's a level of care that goes into it that reminds people that like things can be done by humans in this really dazzling way. And of course, you know there's tons of clod co work and other stuff going on beneath the surface, but we wouldn't want to let that touch the writing. If people are going to be paying for it, they should be able to get that stuff for free on the Internet and pay for high quality stuff. Yeah but at the same time, at the same time, I feel like the value, what you're saying, in some ways, the value of an editor goes up a lot because there's infinite content and an editor is deciding, in this case with arena, what actually makes it to print. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, a bunch of us at arena, we're all editors at the stanamford review. And so it's like you learn how to editing. Editing is definitely a skill in itself. And being able to like point out why someone else's writing is bad, then you can point out how your own writing is bad, and that's how you actually get good. I would say one of the theses around like wanting people to contribute to arena and compiling these issues is that like while it's a great thing that anyone can just sort of post out there, there's a reason why like the legacy institutions that have super high professional standards are extremely effective. Like people, Bloomberg, wall Street Journal, New York Times, even the ones that people dislike for ideological reasons, they have a seriousness to them that makes their messaging super effective. And a lot of that is because they're extremely effective editors. I will say abrina probably invests slightly less in copy editing compared to some other institutions. I think it's a sign of life that we occasionally find typos in the print magazine, but we spend an inordinate amount of time actually editing to make it good. When people pay you for something, you know Yeah, there's an old joke. Boris Johnson, the former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, used to be a News Editor, and he would apparently tell his staff when something was bad, you know, the readers pay us, we don't pay them. And so when the readers are paying us, it's got to be good. And there's a lot of stuff that is like assisted by AI or where the research has been helped with it. Transcript editing is like a super helpful one now. And like I can walk into like a company with my iPad and record five hours of interviews. And both Claude and Grock are now very good at taking all of those and doing sort of very light style edits or fixing the sort of verbal pauses or whatnot, which would previously take me like many, many hours to do. So that's an example of like my job's like a lot easier, but people are paying us for like a high quality product. So we want to make it as good as possible both in the writing and especially in the art as well. We love our non reading customers. Know there are a lot of people who love arena who haven't read a single article. That's the conficated. And just show you a speech exactly. You don't you don't you can just look at the pictures. Well, you can find it at arena mag. Com. You can subscribe to the print edition for $99a year. It's an absolute steal. I really think I really think it's a steal. I was telling people the other day, you know, I spent three months in an attic in the Texas summer going through different paper samples, choosing the exact size. I think I nailed it. Thank you so much for coming on the show and sharing this with us. We will talk. And I love the vest. So vest fantastic. Every media man needs a look. I bought twelve sweater vests on eBay earlier this year. And and it's working. It's working well. We'll talk to you soon. Have a good year. Day. Arengoodbye, great to see you. Next, let me tell you about Cisco unlock critical infrastructure for the AI era. Unlock unlock seamless real time experiences and new value with Cisco. We were talking briefly about Warner Brothers. The Kashi market is mooning on paramount. The paramount Netflix have been going back and forth. Paramount now it's 61% chance that they will be the one to successfully take over Warner Brothers Netflix previously up at 70% back in December when we started talking about this. Now they're down at 30%. Allions are doing the Allison thing. It ain't over till it's over. Let me tell you about console. Console builds AI agents that automate 70% of ithr and finance support, giving employees instant resolution for access requests and password recess. And without further ado, we'll bring in Ben lair of lair about venture. He's the management partner there. And he's returning the show. We had ya couple weeks ago. I feel like like couple months back. It's been months and no, when was it end of last? Say like six weeks. Six. This is much more legit. It is yes, here in perit's a real place. Yeah, not AI how long are you in town for? For the week? Although I was supposed to be here three days ago, but it's it's Oh, snow, it's upfront if you get snowed in. I got snowed in and really flights actually six flights canceled. Five flights canceled not I was fortunately not at the airport. Maybe I don't travel that much but I actually think I've never been in that situation. That's the charter the charter gods. The charter gods telling you it's time now. Like thank you, please okay, Gulstream sales man Gulstream sales in over but Yeah, Yeah it was ran into somebody at coffee this morning and they told me it was upfront. It's upfront. Everyone on the plane was going up front last night. Yeah, it's a big event. Yeah do a great job. It really is a it's you know, it's one of the few times when you can go out and see everyone who works not not quite everyone but the majority of people that ever consider colleagues in one room for a day. It's it's actually really is there is there cross pollination outside of technology with other industries? And know upfront the past ses brought Hollywood. They bring folks, but there's other conferences where it's more like hill and valley, right? So they bring the politicians out. A little bit of that. I mean, I think they do play the la card pretty hard and upfront brand as a fund is very sort of la cenc the event. They definitely like take advantage of the fact that there's that kind of talent out here. I don't think a lot of speakers are flying in other than people from the venture world. But the tension between Hollywood and the people funding AI, I can see that being interesting. Yeah. You know we're actually in a company that's building a sort of AI first movie studio called staircase. And what they are doing is trying to use Hollywood talent. So they're using like sag talent, real actors, real voices, but then enhancing it with AI and they're getting some they're getting a little bit of pull out here in a good way. Whereas I think if you're sort of if you're not willing to use Hollywood talent and pay Hollywood talent through the unions, you run directly into a wall. And by the way, this is this is not going to end well if Hollywood doesn't get with it. I mean, at some point, it's just going to get steam rolled. There are going to be you know look at like a 24 bringing in Scott bell. Yeah. I just looked at it as when I living in la for the last eight years or so, I met so many directors and producers that are that were kind of frustrated with the lifestyle of, okay, I have this job that I love doing, but then multiple times a year I goto fly to the Middle East and just be posted up in a foreign country away from my life. And there's some element of that that I think is kind of like core to the movie industry. It's like, you know I think there's some probably will always be nostalgia around it, but we were talking probably a couple weeks ago. At this point, if you're an actor and you get the and you lean into AI, you can potentially get a lot of the benefit while kind of compressing your actual time doing the work down by quite a lot, right? Because it's like, Hey, come in. I don't know exactly what staircases workflow look like looks like, but I can imagine we get to the point where there's like certain scenes that are done like you know legit the old fashioned way. And then there's are certain scenes where it's like, Yeah, we're just gonna to use the staircase. None are done the old fashioned way. Okay. So everything is do they do like a capture process. They do a capture process, but never always against a Green screen. So never against or not. I don't know if the know a to Green screen or just against against no screen, but with tracking movements and whatever that would be. But they're not ever going and shooting out in the wild. And the technology is changing so quickly that what they can create today relative to what they could do six months ago is magnitudinally different. And if you just continue on this curve, at some point, pretty soon it's gonna to be ridiculous to think that you're gonna to go to the Middle East. Yeah, Matthew Matthew mcconaughhas had some good leadership around this, basically just being like, Hey, we have to embrace it. It's coming. It's just to efficient. It's too productive. The idea of like, Hey, we need to shoot. We have like a three minutes total that's in this setting. We're going to bring 100 people out there and spend weeks doing this thing that could be made you know in not one prompts, but made in a series of prompts and with a lot of editing well and there's an insatiable appetite for just like more content. I mean, you guys were just talking about the the Netflix or paramount setup and all these platforms just want more and more and more and better and better and better. It seems like there's no limit to the amount of content that people want. And so Yeah, the average user, how many times have you opened a streaming platform and just been like, I don't like any of this stuff, which is amazing because there's so much more content created today than ever before. And still, I flew out here yesterday, I turned on my Netflix and I'm watching a show from like eleven years ago. Yeah, it's ridiculous. You movie last night, John was making a joke about the movie boat, which I love as which is, by the way, which you should still love. Yes, it's a fantastic movie. But I went on Amazon and I bought it because I was like, I shoot down this. It's a cult classic at this point. And it was not as funny as I remembered it when I was twelve, which was painful to me. But still, I'm curious on you know talking generally maybe or about staircase. Right now, a movie studio will allocate, let's say, $50 million to make a movie. P, how do you think that number changes over time? Because in my head, I think eventually it could be five people. You know, you have like writers, you have like whatever. The new director's role probably stays somewhat similar. And then you're pulling another talent for audio and video and all these different things. But how low? And the reason I don't think that's a bad thing is there's so much demand for content that theoretically that 50 million dolbudget would still exist or maybe even increased, but it would just be spread across. But this is like this is the question not for only Hollywood, but for everything, which is like, you know will AI when you have small, right, when you have when you have deflation, does that create Yeah. I mean, it applies to every industry. I think probably with Hollywood, you'll see frontline talent continued to demand huge premiums. So maybe that $50 million bugoes to 30, but Brad Pitt still makes 25 of it. And the rest of it you can do much less. I don't know if it's fewer people or the same number of people being much more efficient and working in half the time. Like maybe you're doing it more quickly, maybe you're doing multiple projects at well, I don't really have a question around the talent side that I'm interested in is it's one thing for Brad Pitt to be like, cool, you're gonna to make this movie with mostly AI, but I'm still getting my same rate. Otherwise, I'm not gonna be a part of this because some other movie studio down the road is happy to pay me what I think I'm worth. And I don't care if it's going to take me way less time. The question is for new talent, the people in la that are working as a waiter and just like constantly trying to get into the game, what kind of leverage do can they still develop real star power over their career and get pricing power? Or does that or does like the amount of people that can be a star fragment even more? Like does there become more of like A, I don't know how much of a middle class even exists anymore in Hollywood, like specifically on the on the actor side? Sure. Well, I think I have a few thoughts on this. One might be that probably there is more of an impetus for talent to be able to not only get famous through the channels that Hollywood provides, to use social media, to use those build your own distribution, to be able to demand sort of like that premium because people think that you can move the market, you can drive sales or you can drive views through your own startup. People still care. Doesn't matter what the movie's about or who the actor is, they care about who that person is outside in the real world too, and that influences their experience. I think that that's gonna to be a big part of this for that. But also Hollywood is going to move more slowly than just about any other industry. Part of it is the role of the unions and how embedded that is and how that kind of content gets made different than certainly most other industries that don't have that kind of bureaucracy or lock in. And also, you know it's an industry that's run by moguls. It's run by old people who are like generally slower moving itbe interesting to see tycoons tyons, how do you think about vertical short form? I saw a crazy video of someone doing a movie screening like in a theater, but for vertical video that they made, that sounds terrible, which is insane. And it was like it was really crazy because it was like, they don't really make projector screens. They're super vertical. So you're in this like massive room, but normally you're at a really wide theater and then the screen matches the seats. But it was like just off to the side. This like vertical screen kind of like a tvover there, but it does seem like there's a quicker pace of adoption for those like Polish with that Chinese app that has a vertical short form but it's reduced Yeah the short real short or real real short real and then there's AI versions of that and that feels like we get to much for that category once a week you do for the last year. Okay. I mean, it is I get it once today. Okay, so you have better deal once a it is it is wild how? By the way, and the number of pitches, it's funny you guys want to talk about media with me. The number of pitches I still get from people like Ben, you're like a media guy. I'm like, please leave me alone. I'm I'm not a media guy. Everyone interested? I'm sorry I did this. But there is this moment where this is also like live shopping was another category that you saw massive in China. And short form drama, enormous industry in China, and everyone's like, cool, it's gonna to like be here in the us tomorrow. And like ten years later, it's still not really here. Yeah, I will say that with one of the companies, they really forced me to watch some content. And I got hooked on a story about like a woman who fell in love with a man in an elevator. And I watched for like two hours in one minute snippets like I see the how you can get addicted to it, but I fortunately broke that. The question Yeah the question is how do you actually invest against this trend? I think, I think, I think I don't. Yeah, I think, I think Yeah, I think maybe because all the content Yeah the content wants to be free. It wants to flow to the existing platforms. I can see YouTube creating like short series, like basically like you can subscribe to a series being like, Yeah, basically like, Hey, you're not even just subscribed, like because the follow button and subscribe button that barely works anymore on any platform. But they might be encouraged to be like, Hey, this is a series of 30 videos. It's gonna to be coming out one a day. You can subscribe and we'll make sure that it comes up. Look, like, I think this is an interesting space. The difference between an interesting space and a venture scale space is the Grand Canyon. I mean, it is so massive figuring you know venture requires the power law requires these outside outsized returns. And it just doesn't feel like sure, you have you know one or two companies in China that are massive, but it doesn't feel like that's a category that has a sort of theoretically limitless taand. One of the mistakes that I've made in my career and one of the sort of learnings is tam really does matter. And yes, there's you. You have to sort of Lily pad your way there. It's not like every market has to be enormous day one. But most of media has turned out to not be venture scale. And I think maybe all of media is not venture scale. And with AI scale, if you can build a platform that can compete with the giants, but you you need a 5 billion, but how do you feel like what is it? Right? I mean, this is one of these things. If someone, by the way, like Jeffrey katsberg tried to do this issue with Quivy, and there are a few people more formidable in the entire world than Jeffrey. And even with hundreds of millions of dollars, like that's not that wasn't the answer. Now, by the way, today would be a more interesting time to launch quiby because of what's changed in technology. And by the way, I've seen the like quiby four point up two, but the competitive dynamics with every other app that also has short form videos that the creators are incentivized to share the same content across all of them. Those competitive dynamics are still in place, just like working in an industry that face that you know meta and Amazon and apple and Netflix that like more than half of the mag seven is interested in is really, really tough place to go and build. Every mag seven company except nvidia owns a basically a social network if you include imestwitch, LinkedIn, like you actually wind up with a media platform at all of them, right? And like that is, and by the way, this is not your traditional you know, large incumbents who are asleep at the wheel. These are the scariest companies that have ever been built in a history of humanity who you know, like, no thanks. How did you process the Strini virality? The viral article sold every intelligence kind. I like, bought a farm in the woods. And no, it was a raw material. Look, look, we are we are at a moment right now. I mean, that's that's this week's flavor. Last week, I think there was something cooking, yes. And then there was the counter to it. And obviously, there's a bunch of counter arguments to this one. I think it's indicative of what a scary time this is and just how overwhelmed everybody. I mean, like I wake up in the middle of the night screaming, I don't know about you guys, just in fear. No, I'm kidding. No. But like this is wild times. I mean, this is it is, I look at that article and I think that there is, you can, you can sort of pull the thread and go, Yeah, I like, Oh my God, you are gonna to see a bunch of these companies who have to cut costs, go lean in, become their own worst enemy. I think what this sort of doesn't take into account is that there's going to be a bunch of other interesting, amazing new companies that get built, that employ lots of people, that have a very different growth curve and that it's not just like everything is a race to the bottom. There is going to be all this amazing innovthat happens. Counter to that, a good counterpoint. Citadel put out a report that showed software engineer job openings, they're up eleven year over year. And so it's interesting that we're getting this like where AI is working the best today. Encoding is causing an uplift in jobs, and yet people are kind of extrapolating and saying every other job is cooked, even though that's not what we're seeing Yeah in the data. Yeah, it's interesting. What are you revisiting? Marketplaces. There was a big debate over DoorDash being AI resistant or not. That's any DoorDash. Not this week, but I've gotten some dosh. I'm just wondering how you're thinking about marketplaces because it feels like there was boom. Most of the great marketplaces got built, all the obvious ones that didn't have massive disintermediation problems. So the dog Walker, the house cleaner, that stuff that gets disintermediated very quickly. But the DoorDash or the Uber, that is something where you're not just going to meet a great driver and be like, now you're my personal driver forever, right? But you will do that if you're like, I went to this app and I found a house cleaner and they come every week. And so I just said, Hey, let's stop using the app and cut out the 15% take rate. But what are you thinking about marketplaces on the earlier side? Or is there anything interesting that you're seeing? So I think that there is when you're looking at marketplaces, we're trying to find marketplaces where sort of everybody wins. Sure. And there's a company in our portfolio that's very early building in the aftermarket automotive space. And this is a category that has you know millions and millions and millions of skws. There is a question as to, does this you know Spark plug work for my Nineteen Eighty Four Mazda Miata, or does that one work? Most of that industry never came online at all. And so you still have to like file, you know like faine, an order or a requisition. You do have you have some large sort of endemic players like auto zone that are actually quite big businesses, but that still only have a fraction of the inventory. They don't actually know if that piece works for this car when you've also done these three other changes. And that's the kind of industry, very messy, very hard, but with AI, you can go and send agents to go do some of this buying. So sort of mimic the idea that an industry is online that may never come online. Sure. I think that that's I think there are spaces that, by the way, and that's also a very large, very sleepy tam like that that's not a sort of side pocket hobby. That's one of the biggest hobbies in America. Yeah, that's you know tens and tens and tens of billions of dollars just in the us, just an aftermarket just to hydrate from like some random skw or some random serial number into like what is this product actually? And there's probably a manual out there somewhere that has it might be on the Internet, might be in a random form somewhere. But like and then there's the question of, and by the way, how do I get this installed and can I do it myself? And is there an AI mechanic that's built into the marketplace so it can teach you to do the work while you buy? You know will this company accomplish it? I don't know. But I love the ambition. And I think when we're looking for marketplaces, we want na see ones that are, you know I don't want to see an incremental, you know, DoorDash competitor. I want to see one in an industry that really has, that has not yet been disrupted for reasons that were frankly impossible before the automation of AI jdo you think about, I'm thinking me, you this weekend, a couple cold ones, man, sorry. Body kits on the car. Let's do it second hand. We get them. We figujohn's dream forever. We can do some led underlighting us. You got a new car. You don't have all stream for the weekend. You don't have led lighting underneath that yet. Nos, have you considered putting noas in your car? This is a good option. Very good. We got tta. Get thatbe your Christmas gift this year. Mensorand, sorry, I would love you want it. It's got to happen. The labor marketplaces that have exploded are the are the Merkers, the micro ones that are positioned as marketplaces and yet feel more like enterprise product, like almost like staffing in some way. The question is, how durable will those businesses be? And I think a lot of people were surprised that the fibers and the upworks didn't kind of react and capitalize on that as quickly as they maybe could. But it just goes to show how quickly the space is moving. Yeah, I think there are perspectives. There's multiple camps there, but there are camps of folks, you know, smart folks who think that that whole category is like a race at the bottom and like probably a zero. And then there's other you know maybe some of those folks like summer quarterly past or whatever and you know like a rooting against it. But there's there's definitely a vibe that that is maybe if you're on the inside in some of those businesses, like now would be a good time to take some secondary, I think, obviously, but you've seen growth that is astounding. And you know that's the funny thing about the market right now. That's a category, but there's so many categories, like a bunch of these companies that are doing inference, like you've seen this unbelievable growth and like this. There's like insatiable appetite for what they have today or you know. Different kinds of training data or whatever the question is in two years and three years and five years and ten years, like which of these are enduring spaces and which of these are ripping right now because they're selling to five, there's only five buyers or four buyers long term? And is that a good business like to be in a business where you ultimately have four companies that are your like theoretical scaled customers? Yeah. I mean, and right now there's such insane urgency that there's no and money is absolutely valueless to these companies. I mean, it just, it pours it like as fast as you open the door, it like burst its way into your face. Yeah, I was joabout. If you started a janitorial company that just served the AI labs, your revenue would be growing ten x because their head countant and square footage is growing ten x and yoube like, Yeah, my business is ten x. And you know what? I have pricing power too. My margins are incredible. It's like because they never asked, let's do that this way. They were like, Hey, janitorial business is wildly different. There is I do think that right now is you know and look, this is coming after a few years of really disappointing returns for venture as a category. And suddenly you see things ripping and growing and like you want to believe, you want like people you know like and by the way, you have massive, massive funds now that need to deploy huge amounts of money, and they're looking for things that look like the escape velocity is there. And so they become self fulfilling prophecies and more money pours in. And like, you know I don't think that all these categories are gonna to be zeros, but I think probably there's going to be there's a lot of winners in some of these categories. I think itbe fewer winners and maybe the winners won't be winning at the multiples that they look like they are today and then or theyevolve dramatically. Yeah. And by the way, some of them will and some of them won't, right? I mean, like it's like keeping up with this market is the hardest. It's the hardest in my career to like companies that are let's even look at like the opai anthropic thing in granted, this is just like, you know maybe that's this is like the caricature of the space, but it feels like the tide turns so hard, even the last three months where it's like anthropix world now and OpenAI is living in it. And three months ago, you would have said the exact opposite. And maybe that's just like, I'm interested if you feel that energy, it's hard. It's Yeah, it certainly feels like at this moment anthropic is the main character, right dominating the headlines on x and a lot of legacy media as well. But I would say Google Google Trends tell slightly, slightly different story, right? We are in a bubble and people are so invested in the race that they want. It's like if you watch an F1 race and Verstappen wins every time and he starts in polls, at some point you're like, I'm sick of this. Yeah you just want na see one. You want to see some action and you want to see some passes and you want some some drama. So I think people are invested in the drama. But Yeah, and it's also you're watching the two strategies play out like a very multi product approach, consumer enterprise hardware from OpenAI versus a very focused strategy. And I think it's way too early to kind of understand what will, in hindsight, look like the best call, but it's meis going to come out with their model whenever and then what does that look like? And Yeah, it's interesting times. Very interesting. Well, thank you so much for coming down to the tbpin ultradome. Give us a report on on upfront. Okay, happily. Is it tomorrow? It's today. It's today. How you left? I abandoned my abandoned my boys. Well, we appreciate this later and we'll give the update on the show. I want to understand, I have no sense for how much venture capital like what I think of la is getting. I have a good sense for like Hawthorne, el seganda, Long Beach, Gardena, all these areas feels like are raising as much money as ever. But the broader ally feels like a drought. I would say it's a drought. We definitely are not spending time out here hunting companies really at all. Yeah, that's the advice I've given to any founder that's not in hard tech is like do not don't Yeah don't even start your Raeven. Think about it, it's going to just send like a really negative signal that you're not super serious. Well, thank you so much. Thank you, mamichelle. This is great. Great to see you. Let me tell you about Mongo db. What's the only thing faster than the AI market your business on Mongo db? Don't just build AI, own the data platform that powers it. And let me also tell you about lambda. Lambda is the superintelligence, cloud building AI supercomputer tors for training inference that scale from one GPU to hundreds of thousands. Boom, we have some breaking news. We goto hit the gong. Riley walls shared an exclusive scoop. He says he has joined the wonderful labs team at OpenAI. I'm learning a lot and have enjoyed it very much. Congratulations. Huge pickup. Huge opportunity. I am so excited to see what what Riley is one of the greatest minds, high agency individuals on the Internet today. And I'm so he's the best. Yeah, I think Riley wls is like a perfect example of like jobs kind of getting more fake. Like what is like like this is like not a like not a diult says says says the guy who no, exactly. I'm also like very fake job. Okay. Like Riley Walty like just goes viral on tit. He's not even like making like YouTube videos. He's like he's been he's been he's been a data analyst for the last few years. He's had he's had it Yeah but he's not doing data analysis at opai. He's not doing the same kind of work he's doing before. Yeah, been he's perfectly demonstrating how do you just like walpower up number of technical staff? Next question. No. So he is perfectly demonstrating the power of the tools, which is if you have ideas, you can build them really, really, really fast and create, in his case, super entertaining products. But there's a 'Reilly walls out there of SaaS, and they're probably just hunkered down, not even really trand. So I agree with you. Very, very hilarious framing. I do think that we're moving into a world where more and more companies will have a Riley walls internally. Hey, you know someone who can move very quickly, do experiments, create value and create little projects. And like the leverage that you get from an individual is going up. And this is an example of that. So congratulations to Riley walls on his move to OpenAI. Let me tell you about graphite code review for the age of AI. Graphite helps teams on GitHub ship higher quality software faster. And without further ado, we'll bring in the birthday boy dug go. Lolin is in the rooster waiting room. Let's bring him in through the tvp and altered down. Beautiful sht. Birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you, Douglass. Happy birthday to you. How you doing? Hey, happy to be here. I guess on my birthday. Yeah nothing better than in video earnings which has come out. You're gonna be live reacting yes, we'll be live and they plan that. Of course, years and years ago, they do. They I knew that today would be the day they went back in time and they told my mom to get it done today. Yeah, just for me. Yeah, guys, we've been good good while processing the something big is happening then the satrini article. There's been a lot of sort of doom but also there's glimmers of boom in there. There's it's feel like you've generally been a crini defender kind of Yeah saying, you know a lot of people were just like, this is bad and it should never have been published. I think your view was there's some good stuff and there's some it's a good thought exercise. Yeah. Well, here's the thing is like it went super viral for a reason because it obviously resonated. I don't think really crappy ideas resonate that hard. And and I think honestly, a lot of the things that I'm most concerned about, I would actually align with it. My biggest concern is that we're gonna print deflation and he kind of talks about that like, Hey, one data center does all the knowledge work. The history of how this works usually isn't quite that extreme, but that was the point of it. Here's my extreme thing case. What I was kind of shocked about, and I feel like honestly, I bet you shatrini would agree. Just like the level it resonated with, it was like covered on Bloomberg almost on a daily basis. So if you're like a pro, whatever that does, a push notification, it was like Strini says and Strini co author and all this stuff, I was like, Oh my God, it really brothrough that was Yeah really broke there. Yeah unpack the deflation question a little bit more. So technology has been deflationary for a long time. Tvs are getting cheaper, is the line. You can see that if you look back at inflation, you see health thcare and education inflating, while basically everything that's on like a technological mores law style curve is getting cheaper over time, the bigger like broader broad deflation question is, can we move some of those or will some of those inflationary categories move into a deflationary territory? But what are you thinking is education healcare at the top of the stack is what do you mean by knowledge work becoming deflationary? So let's just put it this way, the ghost GDP article, right? Hey, let's just kind of like do like an index, one index versus the other index. We're gonna to label it at $100 for all these like knowledge work widgets and let's just see what the cost of that looks like over over time. Year zero, 100 with a human and maybe year two, it's a lar hundred two, maybe they get a little bit smarter so it goes down. But like okay, what if the agent gets 20 times better? Year two, the index of knowledge work is going to be $20. That's just deflation, right? The entire world is effectively just like spitting out tvs that are worthless of three years. And that's kind of scary and I think is a big deal. I think the thing that is the most resonating with the whole piece is that clearly, if if this is gonna to be as big as many people think it will be, you know cloud comaxi here, then what happens is that you're going to quickly disrupt so much of society that the government and like companies and everyone needs to start caring very quickly. I don't think 10% in unemployment is going to happen. The world works just slower than that. But I clearly think reason why part part of your framing is like when we had technology rollouts throughout the last you know few hundred years. It involved like heavy machinery that took a lot of time to diffuse, in part because the machinery needed to be built and shipped around the world and spun up. And then you have with AI, it's like, okay, the Internet is the greatest distribution engine and history. And as technology advances, it can like be live in somebody's office or with somebody's company effectively, instantly, which creates and with like let's say, the printing Press it or cars or electricity, it was like a much more it was forced to be a much longer rollout. Yeah. There's just like for example, the railroad piece I wrote about due to 50 years to put all those rails right. Historically, let's say this AI I think would be like a historical atoms thing. It takes 50 years of installing the AI widget at your house in order for you to get AI versus now that you just Press a button, you download it and it's there. And so the pace of that disruption is so, so much quicker. And so if it looks like you know if it's as big of the deal as people are concerned about, then essentially you're going to broadcast deflation everywhere all the time, all at once, and it's going to be almost costless to get there and also just it's going to get relentlessly better. Yeah, just and then imagine how you how how do you square that though with the fact that right now, today, AI is the best at coding? That is where it has the most traction within knowledge knowledge work. And yet I have not gotten a call from a great engineer saying, Hey, can you help me land a job? I'm unemployed. And you see this in citadel put out a response saying that software engineer job listings have gone up year over year. And so it's so hard for me to square these two things where we could be this in this you know doomsday scenario for White collar work, we're not seeing doyeah. We're not seeing that at all with software engineers. Now, some people might debate me and say, well, Oh, I just graduated well, and Yeah, new grad opportunities might be lower, but nobody is bought when some of these larger tech company CEO's have laid off a bunch of people and said, we did this because of AI. It's like nobody nobody's actually buying that. It's just a nice story. Yeah, I think that's going to be an interesting thing because I think it will be politically and broadly unpopular to say, Hey, I just laid off 10000 people because AI like we are humans at the end of the day. And you know you do care about what your neighbors think of you. And just being like, we fired everyone because AI is better than whatever you're like, okay, well, now you goto get, you might as well hire a five person security guard, right? There's a little bit of like being an asshole. So I think how it actually works and you're looking at, and I agree with that comment because there's this really great tweet that's like, Oh, it's crazy in the agengentic coding world, pretty much it pegs the human cpu at 100%. That's how I feel at least, is I'm doing more work than ever, but I'm like literally working harder than I've ever worked. The reality is I feel like there is a productivity uplift, but I guess we're all in the sugar high where you're able to do so much work that you're just like going around like crushing it. So these software engineers, Yeah you don't need new grads. And essentially the person who has the seat gets to you know, print more, lets us use the printing Press, right, instead of writing. And you unemploy all the new writders, but you're sitting there just printing all day. And so it really is great for the install base of people whobeen doing it, but very terrible for net new. And I think the net new is where you're gonna to see this, meaning like new grads, new people entering the information the information services. That's where I think you're going to see most of the carnage. People are not supposed going to be firing people out the gate. It's going to be like also layoa layoffs or a firing typically occurs weeks, if not months after an executive has decided, Hey, this you, we need to make a change here just because no, it's the thing that everyone hates doing. How do you how have you been processing it feels like the people that the crini piece resonated with the most are also the ones that have been saying that the AI is a bubble and there's too much investment going into this, and it's all going to be a zero. It just seems like two ideas that are difficult to, you know, I feel like there's a certain aspect of hater awhere, when you're a real hater ayou're gonna to find whatever flavor supports your thesis. We find this at some analysis, man, when we say something positive or we perceive as positive, people take it as negative, or really, honestly, they take, we've had that too. If there's a company that people don't like and you say something positive about it, it's like people respond like extremely emotionally to that. Yeah. And so I think cri made the perfect ammo at the perfect time. And and like honestly, if you look at the stock market, I'm sorry, I keep watching for a video over over. If you look at the stock market, I think right now it's been a really interesting year to date because like stocks are maybe like whatever, 2% off all time highs. Maybe they're all the way back or they're pretty I forget what the like year to date looks like, but underneath the hood in software, it's been very, very, very painful. I think there's a lot of parts of the index that are in a lot of pain right now. And pretty much you're just like seeing these crazy rotations underneath the surface. And so people are very like, angsy. There's no other way to put it if it's big things are happening in the stock. Yeah, the idea the idea that like, Oh, you're holding you're holding a name and it hasn't nuked 15% yet, you should get out because there's going to be some there could be a blog post and what's there's not a lot of roi on. How have you been processing the motes and software companies like I've always understood, like the SaaS apocalypse, like that narrative, of course, you know we got to debate timelines and maybe these things are just shifting to be value stocks as opposed to growth stocks. But the stuff with network effects, the door dashes, the paypals, the regulatory modes, like it just feels like there's a lot of companies out there that are being more broadly punished. But is there something I'm missing there? Or do you think that it's just excitement and people rotating into other stuff that they might be learning about, like memory and energy and semis? I don't know. But I definitely think that that aspect is definitely there. Like the ones that are like really shocking to me is insurance brokers. Oh, if if you've ever followed that space, like once upon a time as a hedge fund analyst, I followed aon. It's like one of the most boring spaces of all time, real estate services, real no, like cbre. Cbre essentially an insurance broker. You're having all these things, these network businesses that are just effectively being like, Yeah, in fact, it's gonna to be I think the hard part about that is it's it's like it's complicated. I think there's a lot of advantage for number two to defect really quickly. That's probably the most valuable thing you can do. For example, we've written quite a bit about this to like our higher paid tier service stuff like Walmart defecting to agentic commerce makes a lot of sense, right? Because they're not Amazon. Everyone that isn't number one should be defecting to win market share. And that makes a lot of sense to me. Yeah. So like it wouldn't be DoorDash. DoorDash would probably put up the you know put up the walls, do their best to like have exclusive products and then someone else will vibe code something on the margin and essentially try to win market a share by but same at the same time. Dara was on the show and his stance was, Yeah, I don't really care as much about my adbusiness about making sure that I'm just everywhere. And so he was seemingly pro agent even though Yeah adbusiness is real. Have you been processing agenent ta commerce? Like it feels like this should like the tech is there and but like consumer adoption takes time. You know yes, you can touch up a photo with gen AI. Not everyone does. What does good look like? Because we're seeing stats from Shopify. It's like still in like 0.01% of checkouts are agengentic, and I would expect that to ten x or 100x. But even then, you're talking about like 1% of e -commerce. Like we're still talking like really small numbers. Like how fast do you think it ramps and what do you think happens this year? So I think the place to watch, and it's probably the most interesting place is China, because you can argue the leading e -commerce adopter has always been China. They were doing DoorDash way before it got hot in the United States. They were doing e Commerce Way before it got hot in the United States. And we just saw this Yeah live streams, right? Like like dude, TikTok and dolian was always, always been on the bleeding edge. Like I would argue for like global Internet online consumer preference behavior. China is the leading indicator. Like America is a lagger boomer, you know like we just don't we don't buy like we used to. Okay, the consumer is not quite quite as Young. We'll just put it back that way. I think what's interesting is we just had this giant incentive out of like I believe it's, I wanna say it's tense event tense into this like I'm now, I'm probably gonna miss speed the the the bubble tea promotion, okay, they did like 10 million or whatever bubble teas. And so I think there's an example that we finally have the first wave of people possibly being able to adopt it. And that's going to be like all eyes on that for if adoption actually kicks off there, that's what happened in 2015 to kick off mobile payments. Actually during the cctv gala, they essentially gave away like payments and they incentivized people to use the mobile wallets. And that was like the beginning. Okay. So I think that same analogy is probably where people need to look towards for what what could be the adoption curve for a gentic comthat earnings? Do we hear the no. I'm just, I'm just, I'm just, I'm locked in, bro. We'll have this fact. Well, Yeah. So how do you imagine agengenta commerce actually rolling out in China? Because there's a whole bunch of AI labs, you know, deep seek, high flyer, like they don't have a do they have a big consumer footprint already because they don't have a lineage there. So you might expect, you know, agenent ta commerce to be driven more by the platform that already has a billion daily active users over there. But how do you see like the stack piling up over there? So I think the best example of this is Alibaba, which actually is an e -commerce company. They're like you know the Amazon edition. They have Quinn, they have a delivery app. They have like an inventory app. They have a fully verfully vertically integrated stack, and they have AI on top. They're gonna to make money. If people just use their products, they can get transaction fees. And so that's how I kind of think about it. I mean, in a perfect world, if Amazon was not bad at models, theywould be crushing, right? Yeah, youobviously be like, don't talk down on Rufus. Don't talk down. Just because it took down aws once or twice or three times for hours doesn't mean they don't got, they're, I actually wanna talk about conspiracy theory because I feel like this is, have you been noticing the instability of public clouds? Yes. Am I crazy? No, crazy. You're crazy. No, it's either there's there's only two things that could be vibe coding. People are just pushing crap on prod and they have no idea. Probably number two, cpu shortage. Yeah, I think it's a cpu shortage. I the the you don't think there's like a third if we're wearing the ten foil hat, which is the world's been very unstable and therebe more cyber attand stuff. I mean, I ran, Hey, maybe that's actually that's a good one. Yeah but I'm really surprised to see all three at the same time and then like my favorite, probably the most public version of this is the GitHub instability. Yeah, dude, GitHub is so unstable right now. Interesting. Yeah, Yeah I saw the uptime numbers. It was like below 99%, which is really low considering duit's like 90%, 90%, that's really low. I mean, people are pushing a lot of code to GitHub. So Yeah walk me through walk me through the cpu shortage because is that just cpu's that are being used to scale new like ec two instances and like normal, like you need a Linux instance and so you need a cpu to provision or is or is the AI boom sucking cpu's in like a Grace Hopper demand? Like the cpu's are getting dedicated to AI server clusters. Like where are the super what's the shape of the shortage? Basically, I think the shape of the shortage is partially an rl because if you want to do an rl gym, meaning like you want to have an Amazon com for your you have you have to literally simulate just a lot. That's one real demand driver. I don't I don't know how to quantify that, but clearly, they're out of it. Number two, I think I do think all the code, have you seen the charts like adding it's fc com of like all the new apps coming online, they require infrastructure to run. And I had a third one. Oh, the other thing that's interesting is it's also a little bit of like a lapping supply chain thing. So the last time we bought a lot of cpu's was in 2020 and 2021. Historically, you deprecithe cpu's on a five year cycle, and so after five years, you just like literally throw them away. It's five years. So all of the infrastructure that we purchased, and we've been trying our absolute best not to purchase any new cpu's and spend all that money on GPU's. So they haven't been investing this entire time. And now this slight demand curve comes up, and that's enough to essentially sell out all the cpu's. I think that that's probably part of it as well. It's gonna to probably be this multi problem thing, but it's like one of the more interesting like conspiracy theories like YouTube went down. I don't I don't remember a time in like the last five years YouTube has not gone out. Yeah. So Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, that is crazy. Take us through the effects of the cpu shortage in the tsmc context because tsmc seems to be like a crazy battleground. Apple, nvidia, and then you'll talk to a new semiconductor company. Like we had matdox on the show yesterday and he's like, Yeah, I'm getting line time at tsmc. And then you read Ben Thompson and it's like, well, they're not really investing in cax. And it feels like, is tsmc above shortage ges? Well, we got nvidia earnings. What happened? We got a revenue beokay. We will jump back to tsmc, but they beat revenue. Let's review and read through 67.4 billion against an estimate of 66.2 billion. We have some breaking news. Nvidia has announced earnings. Let's take, wow, you guys are faster than me. Nothing liver than live here. We will all read the earnings and I will tell everyone about plaid. Plaid powers the apps you use to spend, say, borrow and invest, securely connecting bank accounts to move money, fight fraud and improve lending. Now with AI and back, you got anything yet? Doug, am I crazy? I don't have anything. Maybe Eyler just sent this to us. Did did they somebody just like freshing Twitter, it's possible somebody is just putting up is just engagement farming maybe and trying to they might have gotten us. They might have had us in the first half. Well, we shall see. Goanyway, let's go back to tsmc. So the nature of the tsmc bottleneck with regard to cpu's, is that an important factor? Or is there more fab capacity across global Intel, Samsung to sort of meet that cpu shortage? So global foundries is nothing, nothing. They don't have a leading edge. So they want have any cpu's there. Intel is actually the real winner, I think because essentially like tsmc locked up, everyone's fighting for space that tsmc, like nvidia has the most. All the colosus accounted for. All event three s accounted for. All event two s accounted for. Essentially, they're completely sold out. They're gonna to invest a lot more, but like you know get in line, it's another year. So whatever is left over kind of goes to the other fountrees. And that's really two companies. That's Intel and that's Samsung. I think Samsung right now probably makes way more money if they spend it all on memory. So Intel really is the swing provider of cpu's in the world. And that's like kind of amazing. Like I'm kind of my my belief in a sweet karmic Intel victory is all the cpu's that can't be made at tsmc because the accelerators are being made instead. Go back to Intel. They just make them, but they don't design them. Yep, make them but don't design them. So they would be a second source for nvidia potentially as well. Well, like it's not just in vii. I think nvidia is going get there. Yeah, I think nvidia is going to get there to incation. Oh, Oh smc. Okay. So they don't need to c okay. Because there was a theory about like, Hey, maybe twist nvidioarm, get them to dual source at Intel and that gets the flywheel going a little bit more just as like a give, I guess. But and there's been some conversation about the vl link with Intel specifically co packaged, but I think it's going to mostly be faah. Like I think it's not going to be. I think tsmc is going to give them the capacity. I think there's a whole world of chips that are not that like think about graviton or the axion project at Google or all the rp Google project. I haven't heard of that. They there's a custom cpu. Okay. Yeah. So like though they have like a YouTube chip, they have like a number of custom cpu's, right? Yeah, Yeah. Vcu, I think it's a view encoder, whatever unit, but that's like really domminiima studiyes doesn't I don't think that adds up. How important is the is the groc cerebris these faster model on a chip companies and does Google have an answer for that? I okay. So to be clear, semi analysis is house view wasn't that it was like the most important thing and we've always you know we have that chart about batch, right? The fact that Hey, doing more for everyone is much more valuable. Clearly, there seems to be a little bit of a niche market and a niche market demand. And so cereberand lpu's definitely have some kind of demand pull. And I think we will see some kind of announcement at gtc, but like you know definitely wait and see. Oh, that's kind of my impression. That's kind of what we wrote about today. And our by the way, I think it's crazy. I wasn't aware that the very Rubin ant host would come out until today. Like literally I learned today and I was whoso I had to read it live with everyone else. I think that's that's a big deal too. And we have a lot of information there about what's coming at utc. So well well we're excited to follow it. Nvidia earnings are usually out by 20 minutes after the hour 420, but it appears that they are delayed. So we we will see. I mean, of course we'll have to have you back in the show to deep dive everything that's happening in the semicontor thinthis Thinis so much better. I had like the bogey and all information and what the setup is gonna to be. And honestly, if we have with two minutes, I'll tell you what to expect. Okay, Yeah please. It is I think everyone thinks the guide will be 75 billion. That's what everyone's really obsessed about. I think the questions that are going to be answered or asked rather is about memory price inflation. That's gonna to be a big deal given the fact that I think memory prices are like you know mooning right now. Atm and durram, I think nvidia locked it all in. So everyone is gonna to be like, how sure are you? Your gross margin isn't gonna to go down. And they're gonna to be like, we're really sure, but they're gonna to be like, okay, how sure and what time? And then theybe like this random like circle that note we can't answer. And then I think one of the questions that people are going to definitely ask is about the power side. It seems like next year, nvidia has more chips than power. And so that's going to be I mean, to be clear, nvidia has no power, right? They have customers who acquire power. And you know one of their big competitors in terms of market share, which is Google has chips and power. And so I think that that's gonna to be a huge bottleneck. And I think that's gonna to be one of the bigger questions that happens this quarter. Hey, how do you deal with the power bottleneck? Because you're gonna to sell a lot of chips, but if you can't even plug them in, this is a huge issue. Yeah, Yeah. Is the idea that even if a lab or a hyper scaler said, we're actually good on chips right now, we don't have the power for them. And Vidia would be like, well, you actually have to buy them if you want to maintain priority. How do you think they would play that? I don't know. I mean, I think the thing is, it's not going to matter because the only company with a chip to sell you next year that is not accounted for is nvidia. And I think the shortage in GPU's is really underappreciated. There's like you know you can see it publicly. I forget which research shop shows it, like the availability of V2 hundred s, but our anecdotal information as well as the like the live price tracking and contract price that we're aware of, there's like no H -100s for sale. Like the H -100s are sold out. That's like boom, your you know your five year depreciation like bear thesis that everyone was really freaking out about last year. Well, good luck. You can't even buy one today. So that's probably the biggest interesting thing. And I think probably the single most bullish thing you can say you know like a four year old chip effectively is completely sold out today. What what does that say about the next generation? It's remarkable. Well, thank you so much for taking the time to join bomber that they delayed on us. But next time we'll time up so we even more time to hang out. But I'm I'm so happy honestly, like good video earnings. I was like, Yeah, no, no, no, we'll get this flow going. This is always fun, but I mean just great to talk about everything and happy birthday and we'll talk to happy birthday. Have a great rest of your week. Great to see you. We'll talk to you soon. Let me tell you about gusto, the unified platform for payroll, benefits and hr built to evolve with modern small and medium sized businesses. We have our next guest, mark Benny, off in the restream waiting room. Let's bring him into tvp and also drop. Mark, thank you so much for being first to join us here on earnings day. Great to see you. It's going fantastically over together. The metallic album I sent you. We did. We did. Thank you. So did jlisten to it did jorlisten. We need a we need a record. Bjordan again, but jmogged again. Moframe again. Again, I have no words, but but I have fun fact, Jordi can actually play the guitar. And so next next time you're on, he's gonna be playing a cover. I'll play you. I'll play you. Atttune, Yeah, how about that? You got to, I know you got to rich to come on the show with us. Oh, thatbe fantastic. I think it would be really good. Have to well make that happen. What but I'm gonna call out calling out Jordy on the whole situation and my is Yeah jare still unforgiven. There we go. Well, anyway, thank you so much for joining us first on earnings day. Take us through it because I got a mallet here that's itching in hit a gong. Well, if you want to hit a gong, I mean, no enterprise software company has ever given guidance for $46.2 billion before, and this is our crazy number. I love that gong, by the way. I love that gong. We love gong. I really do. But I would say that that's exciting, yes. But also just this company, you know it's really become a cash machine as well with you know we're projecting over $16 billion in cash flow this year. So when you think about that. And then the quarter, you know with a quarter, we deliver this record rpo. Funny thing, you know some of my friends are writing these articles. Rpo doesn't matter. I mean, they have write a song. Nothing matters. I don't know. Nothing else matters. Yes, but rpo, which is you know kind of our remaining performance obligation, these are contracts that we basically have signed but not yet recognized. That is 72, $4 billion. So these are driving these huge numbers. What does that mean? What does that I think people have a good sense that's up 14% year over year. It's that all these numbers are accelerating growth. So I don't know. I just kind of I am very proud of my team. I'm very proud of our customers. I say also, I'm very proud of the customers because we've really been pushing the customers hard this year to deploy all this new amazing AI and agent technology, and we've hit basically now more than 19 trillion tokens. So you can just see the velocity of AI and agents and the company is just transforming from being not just an apps company, and I think you guys are using slack and other salesforce apps to run your business, but now they're all extended with these agents like slack, not just slack bot, but the ability to extend your service and your marketing and your sales and all the agents are out there and they're running wild as well as you have apps and agents, humans and agents working together. It's very cool moment. Very cool. Yeah. What has it been like internally with the team this year? It's been has there been a more kind of chaotic period in your career? How like how are you guys operating internally, clearly delivering results? What's it takes? I mean, well, you know you know, we've all been reading about the sas apocalypse, but we've got our sasquatches eating our saspocalyps Sasquatch. I just think that when you look at things like, you know, agent force, which we've talked about on the show now three times, you know, starting a dream force that, you know, and first of all, agent force by itself is now an 800 million dolbusiness, up 170% year over year. Wow. So that is amazing. All is its own product. But then you look at agent force and our data business together, that is now a 29 billion dolbusiness, up 200% year over year. So there's no question that AI and data is a huge driver of growth. And it's about these apps and these agents. And you know, we use the apps. We're these humans, we're using the apps. You know we're using slack. We're using sales cloud, service cloud. We're using all of our cool apps, and then each one of those now has an agent platform also. And these two things together is the future of enterprise software. That apps have been extended by agents. And while we before were in the apps market, and that's what we've been doing for 26 years, you that we've been in business since 1999, now we're in the apps business and the agent business. And this is why I've never been more excited about my business. I just love it. Yeah. I mean, I really love it. How much similarity is there to the original messaging just around like being a company that enables cloud adoption? Like there were probably a lot of companies and CEO's that came to you early in your career that said, like, I know this cloud Thinis important. How do I do it? And you had an answer. And now there's CEO's that say, I know this agengentic thing and this AI thing is important. How do I do it? And you probably have a pretty similar answer, right? This is this history repeating itself. Oh my God, it's such a good question. You know, Neil bushery is now the CEO again of workday, my good friend. He lives, you know basically next door to me, came over last night. We both had a cocktail because we're looking at his after hour stock. And I said, no, there's no way this can be, you know you have to let this go. And in fact, you saw already that it's stock corrected today because the numbers are just don't match. You know what's really going on? He has an unbelievable business. He had a great quarter. He's gonna to have a great year. We use his hr and financials. And I said, Neil, this is just something you have to let go of. This is not my first sapocalypse. You know I saw this in 2008. I saw this in 2001, 2016. You know and look, this is there's people in the market. They make money when the market goes up and down. So that's just the stock market. But let's talk about the customer success. And when you look at how companies can actually be better, more productive, successful, profitable companies, and we are you know we're number one, we're a customer zero. And that's what I'm so excited about because when you look at how we're running customer service and support right now, we're using it with service agents and service apps. So if you go to help dot salesforce dot com commyou're using the agent and at any point, bam, bam, bam, you can auto escalate right back to the app in the humans with you like exhaust the agent or now this week, we have an agent that is going to qualify 50000 leads for our company, you know, which is our sales agent, that it's out there talking to our customers. We even closed millions of dollars of business this week just through the agents themselves. So that is what is amazing, that we have apps and agents. And it's not that we don't have 15000 salespeople at salesforce. We do. And we have millions of apps all out there scurring around looking for opportunities and then bringing them to those humans going, Hey, look at this opportunity, give this person a call. Let's go see this person. Let's go find out what to do. And that is really the how much standard elevated we're elevated by AI. We're made better. We know we're made better by AI. There's how much you been, how much have you been? Kind of, you know, all the crpost, we've talked about it at length on the show, very, very a lot of doom. But we've been very focused on what's happening in coding as these coding models have gotten better. People want to hire, at least the data shows so far. So it always was showing up up. Job listings for engineers are up 11% year over year. You've talked before about hiring more sales reps because as your reps get more productive, probably want more of them. But is that a kind of comp that you're looking at given that I think everyone is expecting sales agents to kind of get to kind of catch up to coding agents in terms of capabilities? Great question. Amazing. And you know, we I wasn't really on the show at the beginning of the year a year ago with you guys, but if I was, what I would have said was I'm not hiring more engineers in fiscal year you know, 26, the year I just passed, because I was using coding agents that I was allowing the productivity from the coding agent to give me the extra capacity that I needed for the year. And I didn't hire more service agents in the year. I held it flat and then reduced it slightly because I'm using service agents. But I did hire like almost 20% more salespeople this year. I think we've talked about that because I need more capacity because we have more demand than ever through every market from the small, medium, large customers. You know, guys like yourself who are like these great entrepreneurs, building a great business like tbpn, really going all the way through it. You need a technical infrastructure around you to grow your business. I know you use slack. I know you other products. And that's our job is to make you successful and to really bring in the apps and the agents. You can't do it just with an agent. You need that. You need we there's still some humans around and need to be automated as well. And that is what is exciting and that is what I'm doing every single day. What advice do you have for a company like anthropic that's hiring a salesforce admin? What makes for a great salesforce admin? You're kind of leading beyond I mean, you know it's kind of funny, right? Because these AI companies, they love our products and they can't buy enough of them. They're some of our largest customers now, anthropic, OpenAI, Google, Amazon, you name it, these tech companies, slack is the largest AI ecosystem in the world. You know that, and that's reality. Know, which is that no one has a company that's running entirely on a large language model because it's not real. That's not we need software and we need large language models. We need the determinism and the programmability and the security and the sharing. And but this large language model is an amazing new component of our infrastructure. So we could do things that we could never have done before. That is what is so awesome. And so we can extend our industry. I think the software industry is going to be bigger and broader and do more this year than ever before, not just salesforce, which is going to grow incredibly this year. I think every company is going to grow because we have more to sell and there's more excitement and action and energy. And so this kind of counter narrative of, Oh no, no, no, they don't understand. We're just call that company who wrote that report and you ask them, what is their software infrastructure, their magic infrastructure? I do this all the time. Tell me exactly how you're doing, what you're saying that you're doing. Oh, well, you're right. We're so sorry ween made a mistake. No. You know, and look, the futurist, I think we talked about this, Peter Schwartz, you know, our chief futurist, he wrote minority report. Have you seen that movie like 20 years old? Great. Seen it. But I've seen it. Oh Yeah, you got to watch this. And also he wrote war games and deep impact, you know, part of a team writing team. These are future movies. But we all know where the future is kind of going. This highly automated, amazing world, but we're living in this world. And this is this is this year. This is 2026. You know we're running our business today. So how are we doing our financials, our hr, our customer information? You know how are we doing all of these aspects of our business? How are we running them? And then we write a report that sounds like minority report. And then I'm like, Yeah, minority report. I read the I watthe movie. Great guys. Fantastic. But I'm in the present moment. Reality right now, you know, and come let's come back to world. And by the way, like you can do things that you couldn't do before this quarter, I released our new itsm product so our customers can do this incredible thing. You know, it service management, they used to have to go to service now for that. Now we converted five service now customers. Just in the quarter right over to salesforce because we have that new capability. So companies like sunrun and cornerstone and cosystems and others, you know they can now use salesforce itsm instead of service icnow. That's so exciting. And then we have our new life sciences cloud that we've built, all with an eugentic interface. So our customers do not have to use viva and those customers are instead you know those are big companies like the pfizers and the tacadas and the novaras and the Abby v. So they're running with this next generation platform of apps and agents apps and agents and humans and agents working together. Yeah. So I mean, the business model currently is clearly working. The results show that as you look into the future, do you think the business model will evolve? Do you think that we're going towards more consumption based? Is there is seat based going to be with us forever? Like how are you thinking? Obviously, you don't need to turn the cruise ship today, but how do you think this evolves over time? It's such a great question, right? Because that's like one of these interesting narratives. But Hey, I don't know which anthropic product you're using, but the one I'm using is seat based. So if you don't have if you have a different one or I don't know which opai product you're using, but mine is seat based a seat. I don't know which one you're using. It's a good it's a good take. Of course, you can use I it's right there. Yeah, there's an api also. Yeah there's an api also. Yeah but they happy to be selling seats right now. You're right. Yeah. No, this is about humans and agents. So let's use that analogy. Humans are seats and so they're still like us three. We're like the last three humans is very sad, but we're still here. And then we have the agents too, and they're using the apis talking to each other and they're on motebook and they're like having a conversation, creating their own currency. They're talking about us. They're talking about us. They're saying, Oh, can you believe those humans are still there? We're gonna to get them. And it's like, no, we're it's still humans and agents working together. And that is what is exciting about the future of enterprise software. So yes, I have a sales force, but it's extended with sales agents. And I have a service organization extended with service agents. And I'm sending a trillion marketing messages this year, but they're all extended with marketing agents. And I have commerce agents and I've got Yeah and you guys use slack every day, right? And you're using slacackbot now, hopefully in since the last time, I would say it's like amazing that I can use agents in slack. So I have employee agents and we might have some other new exciting agents coming in the next few weeks for you. I'm very excited. Yeah, I'm very inspired by mot bottom now got our team working on some new things. That is like how I see it unfolding. And I think it's about a world where there are apps and agents and where this large language model, it's extending our capability. It makes us better, makes us stronger. It gives us the ability to do more. And yes, seats still exist. And also consumption exists. Like we have you know lots of consumption products, data you know data products. And was there products, was there ever a SaaS apocalypse that was driven by fear that open source software would defeat your products, defeat salesforce? Oh, no, there was a bigger SaaS apocalypse than that. Okay. Do you remember the SaaS apocalypse of 2:20, the SaaS apocalypse of 2020? John, let me tell you the story. We were all mining our own business, and then cnn came on and said we were all gonna to die, not just the software companies, everyone, because it was the pandemic. Yes. And we all went home and we hid. And it was a very sad time. And in fact, right at that moment, the stock market crashed because we were all gonna to die. And that was a huge saapocalypse. And you can see it in everyone's stock chart. It goes like this. And then all of a sudden people go, I guess we're not dying. And then it came back up. And that was a SaaS pocalypse of 2020. It's a sad tale, but we lived through it and we got through it. And you know what? We're stronger for it. And that was just one of the SaaS poclupses. Talk about the reception of the super boad. Well, listen, I don't want to be competitive with you guys because your ad was very good. I want you just to know you did a great job. You should feel great. I appreciate that. You know, you had a great, great ad. Everybody loved it. Very high. Now, we were the number one ad in the Super Bowl, which is okay. Mog meter going up. Let's ad mog. Mog. I'm sorry, but it has to be said because you know, we have Jimmy Donaldson, Mr. Beast, and Mr. Beast did a great job, and that was just a killer ad. And we still haven't revealed the final thing. We have a great person here, John zimos, who did a fantastic job with Jimmy and it was an unbelievable partnership. But Jimmy's just, he's a force in nature. Yeah. I mean, I've never seen anything like this. He's such a Young, great, amazing entrepreneurs. The first time I ever talked to him, which was years ago, he said to me, I want to be the future Steve Jobs, you know, I want to be the future great entrepreneur of the world. I had to pause and say, really? He's like, Yeah, that's what really I want in my life. I want na be a great business leader, a great. And I think he's doing it. And he's so Young, you know, we've already had him on the cover of time magazine once. And I see you know him as a huge leader in the whole world, not just as some kind of YouTube personality. This is a great entrepreneur, business person, not just making chocolate bars, not just running a bank. I see him doing a lot of amazing things and he's got a lot of energy, incredible. And I have a lot of respect for him. And yes, number one, Super Bowl at how about that? There's a lot of entrepreneurs listening, a lot of entrepreneurs that are searching for their next great business idea if they want na go swimming with dolphins and get inspired. What's the most underrated time to visit Hawaii? You're right. Well, number one, this week we have been having an awesome show from kilauway of volcano. We had, I think, twelve, 13, 14 hundred foot tower, which is I'm in salesforce tower, San Francisco right now. Gorgeous. You guys should come. And the fountain from the volcano is taller than this tower this week. So that is amazing. And you're right, all the little dolphins were so happy just cruising around. But also, it's whale season on the north side, the coast. There they were going. They were so happy. Also, everyone gets happy when you see the volcano. It's like, it's like the way. It's like when you see a else ls, it reminds you who you really are. It reminds you this is what life is really all about. You come back to your breath. You come back. I don't know when I see whales out. I think of agents. I think age. Of course, personally, you got to run. Sorry. I have a challenge for you. Before we talk again, you got to frame mog, one of the AI lab leaders. Oh, this is, this is big alpha, right? Talk. We'll talk with you. I think, I think it's possible. We'll coordinate. We'll coordinate. Have a great rest of your day. Congratulations on all the problems. Thank you so much for coming back on the show. You better listen to have a telecone. I swear, getting you on here, you're not ready. We're okay. You're just luand. Bring him on to date, on repeat. On repeat. We'll talk to you soon. Well, you're king earning. You should be doing on public com investing for those take it seriously stocks, options, bonds, crypto, treasuries and more with great customer service and without further awe will kick off the lambda lightning round. Let that let that cloud ring out because we're starting every day the lambda happening now you do. Hey guys, how's going? We are here doing great. Welcome to the tact to follow with Benny. I don't know. He's it up to eleven every can you do any animal sounds? He's got the he's got the dolphin down. He's got the whale down. This is a unique ability I didn't know is necessary. I you make any, any any whale sounds. But it's great to meet you. Great to meet you first time on the show. Please introduce yourself in the company. Great. Great to be here. So my name is Michael menoppat. I'm the co founder of a company called rospace. And rospace is an AI platform for asset managers. We help our customers use their institutional memory, so that means all their proprietary data, their accumulated judgment to make decisions fast. Earso, what that looks like is we actually plug into all of their internal systems. This is not just documents, but it's databases, crm, accounting and trade information. We use agents to understand all the connections in that data, the inconsistencies, the conflicts, so agents can reason over holistically. The idea here is that data is fragmented and is siloed and it's hard to make sense of in a single context window. But using this or having eus work on this in advance is very helpful. Yeah how jealous should every asset manager be of Bridgewater for collecting so much data over so many years? Do you have a view on the Bridgewater strategy? Can you explain what they actually do and whether or not you're a fan of it? I can't speak to Bridgewater specifically, but I think you land on our key point here, which is that public data is getting increasingly commoditized. And actually, AI is accelerating the commoditization of public data. The more you have tools like claw that can synthesize anything from the web or from public tools, less edge there is there. So the best edge firms have now is decades of data accumulation and their own insight and judgment as encoded in their data. And our whole goal is to help our customers tap that. In almost every customer conversation we have, there's a line that's something like we are sitting on enormous value in our data. If only we could get at it or only we could find it, and that's what we're trying to do. So I think AI will accelerate this dependence on your internal data and proprietary data as copof data becomes is less and less. Valuable Yeah talk to me about what your product actually looks like once you roll it out because you know a lot of hedge funds and asset managers, they do a lot of back testing. And I could imagine going back and running a report like backtest, the thesis that we talked about, but maybe we didn't actually implement. There's a whole bunch of ways that you could just do reporting, but then you could also go and say, Hey, you know, just turn this thing loogo trade for us. Like where are we on that continuum? There are a lot of great points there. So the first thing is we are not trading or taking action then automatically. The idea here is that we will help these firms consider the full amount of data that's possible, and then they make the decision. But our goal really is it used should not be possible to say, review every single name in the universe. If you are about to consider a trade to rebalance your credit portfolio. Now you can with a row space, but it's still a human who makes the ultimate call variary. So that's one thing. The second thing is on back testing. I love that example because it's actually been surprising how little post hoc analysis people do of their investment or hating decisions. Just what was our thesis a year ago, two years ago, ten years ago? What actually happened? How does that inform what we're doing in the future? That was just a time consuming thing to do, and people don't do it very much. But we work with a private equity firm now. It's been in business for 50 years, a piyear over the field. And they actually if if you run every deal through rospace along the lines of, given our 50 years of history, what should we do here? What have we done? What are the risks? And I've had an analysis, could not have been possible before. What what is your competitive positioning like with the labs? They're all hiring consulting firms. They have four deployed engineers. I'm sure they're pitching a lot of the same companies. And I can imagine how you would position row space against building something internal or just leveraging the applications that the labs are building. But how do you sell it? So on the apps that are out there now from labs and from other players in market, what we see is a focus on time savings. So faster models, faster decks, faster summarization of meetings, ings and research. And that's obviously extremely valuable. But our focus has been on decision making. So what are the things that you should be looking at, which would have been impossible to consider before the worthcase can help you with? So in some sense, there are things that our customers do with the rospace today, which they did not do before. It's not about saving them time doing what they have done in the past. So that's one wind chunk event. The other chunk is we were talking about, in some sense, the crown jewels for our customers. All of this trading data, position data, they're thinking of theeces. This is extremely sensitive. So we only deploy in our customers environment. We never, as a company, actually take possession of their data, and we do all of this processing in their environment. So we have a security challenge, an info challenge, an AI one. And I think the sensitivity to the security, compliance and other constraints of finance is a big differentiator for us. Take us through the fundraising round. What happened? So we've done two rounds over the past 18 months, 50 million in total. We're just capital joy in the a and we've had my former bosses were on your show on Monday and they were a big player in both a seat mba at stripe. So it's been really fun because every major bastion on my cap table I've been close to for at least half a decade, say rospace, gets to be a bit of this, bringing back the old gang together. That's amazing. Well, where where's the company base? We are based in San Francisco, but a big push for the planning this year is to expand our New York presence. Of course. Yeah, that makes sense. Well, have a great rest of your day. Thanks so much for pop and value to tell us about the business. Very fascinating. Good luck me. We'll talk to you soon. Cheers. Goodbye. Let me tell you about Gemini 31 pro. Gemini 31 pro is here with a more capable baseline. It's great for super complex talike, visualizing difficult concepts, synthesizing data into a single view, or bringing creative projects to life. And without further ado, we'll bring in our next guest, Adam Warmoth from chot defense. How you doing? Adam? Good to see you again. Welcome to the show. Let's kick it off with the news. What happened? Yeah. Today we announced our $34 million series a. Yeah let's get the gun. Got a bigger gong since the last time you we did. We did. Welcome. Impressive. Welcome back. So as impressive as as a $34 million share today, but it's it's up there. Yeah take us through the shape of the business today, the key customers, key products and sort of what changed since the last time you were on the show? Yeah, awesome. So last time I was on the show, I was just getting done with our first transformation and contact exercise. You guys had had Dandra gorandy George on the show theykind of talked about that. We were just coming back from our first participation there. That was our second test event. We've done about $0.25 then. And so we've got systems deployed in pretty much every theater across a bunch of different army units, Marine Corps units, and really just starting to see the traction and demand for the systems grow as we do see things like drone dominance happening and as we see things like next generation command and control, all of those systems are fielding and running into issues with that power infrastructure layer. And we've been able to fill that gap and iterate quickly, kind of working with the warfighters, working with the soldiers and getting the systems out there. Yeah and assume assume that you know someone listening today didn't catch your first appearance, catch us up to speed on on the shape of the product and all that. Yeah. So so effectively, what chariot's building is the power layer for rbot warfare. So really, you know you wouldn't send a soldier into the fight without food and water and nicotine wouldn't you wouldn't send a robot into the fight without communications, compute and power. Cool. And so we really see that as one of those core infrastructure layers behind kind of this defense modernization. You know andderles building some great systems and compute space. Palenhere really dominating the network space. And we're kind of building that third missing layer. And so effective what we're doing is taking the technology coming out of companies like Tesla, apple, lucid, Rivian, Archer Jovi, high voltage batteries, silicon carbide, power electronics. If you've read packing mccormics, the electric slide goes into detail on kind of major transformations happening in the commercial industry on that core technology stack. We're taking those and lifting and shifting them into the defense platforms to build hybrid high power systems. Yeah walk us through exactly what needs to happen to deploy a high voltage battery on the battlefield. I think most people will be familiar with like the Tesla power wall. And we've all seen like the ibm tough book. You put some rubber corners on it and give it a nice graphite you know case. And I imagine there's a lot a lot more going on. So what's the state of the art? Yeah, that's a great question. So we really kind of take the best of commercial technology. Our first product we deployed in 424 is literally an a pelican case. Okay, so we took a pelican case. We say, Hey, why would invent the wheel on just some of that core rugged technology? We do some additive manufacturing to create these kind of internal bulll head structures, sure to kind of isolate the electronics. And then we integrate the batteries, the power electronics, the microcontrollers into that in a form factor that can be left out in the rain and mud, can be dropped off the back of the Humby. And when I say can be, has been and tell the tail, Yeah. So you've been through testing. I assume you've done some sspirirs s. Are you moving towards Program Record? Or are you just sort of in the supply chain for other companies that might be primary contractor? Yeah. So we've got to split, go to market model one being directly to the government, both bottom up selling directly to units and top down for her record and then also selling to other companies as part of a broader kit. Cool. So the inspiration for terot was I was the counter uprogram manager at Anderl. Yeah we were constantly running into power problems, right? So kind of that idea of selling this as part of a power kit that's enabling other systems is another part of our go to market model. Cool. Where do you stand on the verticcalizzation debate? We had Mike from also capital ol. Oh Yeah, he kicked the hornets nest because he was basically saying, like, Yeah, it's great to vertical ze, but there's some businesses that you can just buy a lot of components off the shelf and make a great product, prove that people want it and then do it later. A lot of people, I would say most people were disagreeing with that, but every business is different. I'm going to come in here on team mic. So you we've really been able to leverage the supply chains from companies like Tesla, right, and apple and Archer, where you have actually mature commercial technologies around these core components, around batteries and power electronics. What nobody has done is kind of gone and done that forward deployed engineering. And so Aaron brright, who led around, I think, in her post said, you know we should actually call out him the chief forward deployed engineer. That's really what I've been doing over the past year. And it's that forward deployed engineering model that kind of maps to what Palantir and Androl did as well. So palator didn't invent, you know cloud compute, right? Our big data models, right? That was tens of billions of dollars of investment from Silicon Valley companies. And then through good go to market, good forward deployed engineering brought that into the department. Andrel did the same. The century tower, first century tower was really enabled by the autonomy technology developed by the self driving car industry. Know computer vision went from an unsolved problem in 2014 to just download yello v four in 20017. And they were able to kind of capitalize on massive investment, right? And from the self driving car industry. And just through good Ford deployed engineering, good go to market, bring that into the department. And that's what we're doing for all the technology coming out, electric vehicle, electrical transportation, space. What are you most excited about in defense tech? There's was obviously a lot of the andderol products people are aware of. There's you know this big small drone boom. Is there something like what's the next big defense check trend that you think is going to become really important? Yeah so there's going to be a little bit of a self serving angle here. But you know what? We're really you know I spent years doing counter uas, counter drone systems pre Ukraine, right? So counter us was a big topic when we were working with it on with socom in 20, 21. Not that many people were talking about it. And that insight around what it actually takes to do counter us at the edge is really kind of what inspired chariots. So there's a lot of focus on drone dominance, but countering these small drones is going to require pushing more sensors and more countermeasures onto every mobile platform. And what that's going to mean is every mobile platform needs more power to power those sensors to be able to turn the engine off and manage signature and hide. So avoid detection in the first place and then be able to drive big surges of power to do things like electronic warfare or high powered microwaves or high energy lasers. So we've done tests with hienergy lasers already as one of those county us technologies that needs that big surge of power. Yeah and that's really where batteries come in. We want to get shirts that say, we heart diesel. We're the most diesel loving battery company out there. Hydrocarbons are incredibly energy dense. Well, batteries give you that ability to surge that power or the ability to dial it down and hide your signature. And that's really differentiation of the chariot. So why can the Tesla Model pllot go zero to 60 under 200s? Like it's got a surge of power? And that's and that's what's unique. Thank you so much for coming on the show congratuinsane progress. And we're to see you on the show soon. We'll talk to you later. Chegood one, let me tell you about CrowdStrike. Your business is AI. Their business is securing it. CrowdStrike secures AI and stops breaches. And we have Connor Sweeney from Baba in the restream waiting on an end. Bring Connor into the tv. How are you doing? Great, tell you. Thanks so much for stopping by. Please introduce yourself and the company for sure. No thanks for having me. I'm kind of reminder of Baba, but we connect older adults and their families with patient advocates. So cupitch you know refreshingly, but it really moves, Neil, because these folks do all the care coordination, the scheduling, the kind of kicking the dots for healthcare. Yeah what was the origin story of the business? Were you just looking at the growth of demographics in the us? Did you have a personal story? What what led you to this particular market? Yeah, for sure. I think most healthcare people end up coming into it after like experiencing it themselves. And was that was also the case with me. My grandma had a stroke and I did out of that care coordination. But I think what's cool is that I'm not from the healthcare world originally. My team isn't from the healthcare world. And that kind of lets us move a little bit faster in different ways, which you know has been working so far. But but Yeah, she had a stroke that left her unable to speak. So I actually started by trying to build her little AI tools for her speech therapy and that led to this. Yeah. So what's the shape of the business today? Is this like a multiple sided marketplace at this point? Like who are all the customers and suppliers that you work with? Yeah, for sure. So we connect, like I said, the older adults in our family, I would say they're like our patients, right? Our customers. And we connect them to our advocates who you know we have dozens and dozens of folks. They're contractors. But what's really nice is that insurance usually covers almost all of the costs. So we work with like Medicare, Medicare Advantage plans, even Medicaid in certain states so that like 98% of our patients or our end customers get this for nothing out of pocket, which is really cool. Yeah. How do you get the end customers on board? I feel like you could run a bunch of advertising on Fox News Yeah as a tv like because I just feel like everyone is like you know doing viral launch videos, going after the early adopter tech audience, but you're going after a very different audience. And I feel like your growth mechanism is gonna to be interesting to hear about. Obviously seem more fun too, because it is an audience that like watches, like rented tv and like the the scrolling bar at the bottom, like the Netflix like tv state is actually apparently really high converting. No, we do stuff like flyers. Of course, we're on Facebook, Google, the whole nine yard is there. But we also partner with a lot of like B2B you know health systems and so with like nursing homes and home health agencies, we often pick up folks that way too. Got how are you using AI at the product level? Is it helping make the care providers like a lot more effective? What does that look like? Yeah, for sure. Like our advocates all you know use AI where it's appropriate. A lot of the tasks that they're doing are repeat over and over again. We're constantly making enrollments into things like food stamp and Medicaid. We're constantly fighting insurance denials, writing develop like rejection letters, waiting on hold without the offices to make appointments. All of those are like perfect tasks. AI like either ocr or voice AI. So there's a lot of like that really like you know technical work. But what's was that? You know the patients of those customers, they really like just having a human that they didn't call or text 24, seven ths. That doesn't work like the insurance company or hospital. That slight difference that our advocates are in their corner rather than some third party really seems to be better receiving. Take us through the fundraising news. Yeah. What's what's the details? Yeah, for sure. So general man catalysts led our seed that happened you know just a month or two ago but raised a little under 77 million and we like a team of ten in New York right now. It's pretty Young company, but we're stealing. I all right, also can't can't forget about genius. My neighbor, my neighbor Ben. Oh, really? It's also Oh, okay, there we go out Ben and Adam. That's fantastic. Well, thank you so much for coming on the show. Have a great rest of your week and we'll talk to you soon here. Cheers. Goodbye. Let me tell you about railway. Railway is the all in one intelligent cloud provider. Use your favorite agent to deploy web, app, servers, databases, and more, while railway automatically takes care of scaling, monitoring and security. And without further ado, we have Matt harfrom basis in the regiwedding. And let's bring him into the tbp and ultragehow. Are you doing, Matt, going on? Hey guys, how's it going? Well, first time on the show. Please introduce yourself in the company. Yeah. Well, first, thank you guys for having me. Appreciate it. Matt, one of the co founders of basis. We are fully in person company in New York. We go to yes, 100% here. No office in sf. Yeah, good. You got to meet Keith or a boy. He's going, he's kidhe's you. And I'm kidding. We got Keup here a lot. He's great. But no, we are an AI platform for accounting team. So we build long horizing agents that are able to automate various parts of accounting workflows. And we can three different Yeah how narrow of workflows are you talking about? Is is this like a tool that integrates into other erp accounting systems? Or do you want to replace everything? How do you think about the the actual go to market and then the product fringes? Yeah, it's a great question. We our objective is not to rip and replace any software. Our goal is solely to sit on top of other pieces of software and sit in the workflows that people are already doing and then say, really, no one should be doing any work. We can take the doers of the work and make them the reviewers, the work and have the AI perform the first PaaS of all the various things that might need to be done. So that means we need to integrate it into various systems. But it also means that from a deployment perspective, you can easily stand up basis in your environment and put it to work without having to rip out existing software. And where like a lot of people have tracked the progress in software, most software, like when you say the doer of the work turns into the reviewer, that feels like what's happening in aggenta coding right now. How like where in accounting, how far along are we? Would you entrust a reviewer to not actually do any of the work on, I don't know, your personal tax return or something? I don't know what the toy example is, but how close are we to this situation? Like what we're seeing with coding where people say, I don't write any code anymore. When will we see account and say, I don't do any of the work, I just review the work? Yeah, it's a great question. I think it depends a little bit on the complexity of the task. For instance, there are some things that the bashas been able to do for quite a while where I think accountants have already sort of built up trust and basability to do these things. And so in those situations, they may be spot checking, but they may not be reviewing quite as actively. And then there's some things. For instance, we just you released yesterday an example of the first AI that's able to complete an entire corporate tax return workbook end to end by itself, which I think is a remarkable milestone in the accounting world. And that's something where that's a capability that has only existed for the last, know, couple months. And so you know, that capability obviously youapply different sort of level of review to those types of situations. The interesting thing is that accounting is actually built for these types of reviews. So accounting, obviously, accuracy is extremely important. Humans themselves make lots of mistakes. And so accounting already has multiple levels of review that are built into processes, which means that when accounaccountants are thinking about how to deploy basis, they can kind of apply that same review mentality to incorporating bases into their workflow. Think about what are the areas of highest risk, make sure that you can see it doing the work in the way that you think makes sense first. And then as you build up trust, you sort of can adopt the way that you actually thinking about reviewing the work. And then to the point on coding, I think it's interesting because. Accounting is obviously not a text and text out discipline know. It's not something where there's tons of data on the Internet about various accounting workflows. And so I think it doesn't quite it's not quite as immediately obvious how to use AI to help with those workflows to the extent that it is in legal or in coding or other areas where llms out of the box are clearly very good. And so I think it has taken some time for AI to get good enough with the requisite level of accuracy and over sufficiently complex tasks or to be extremely useful. But I think that's kind of flipped over the course of the last year. And I think what we've seen play out in the sort of software engineering over the last year will play out in accounting in the company. What do various players in the accounting world, how are they processing AI overall? Do they think that the fee model left to change? I remember I forget there was one auditor that was getting mad at their auditor Oh Yeah, for saying like, Hey, you're using we know you're using AI, you got to give us a better price and they're like, wait, you're an auditor like that. Yeah. Is the Spiderman meme. But Yeah, how are people processing it? Yeah, it's a great question. I think one of the interesting dynamics about accounting that I think is not for a lot of other professions or areas of professional service is there is a very dramatic shortage of accountants in the us. And so when we started out serving a number of our customers, they were not necessarily interested in doing AI for the sake of AI. I think over the course of the last year, that's flipped and everyone's board says, what are we doing from an AI perspective? And people want na have AI initiatives. When we started in 20, 23, that was not the case at all. What was the case though, is that there was a huge shortage of accountants. And I think roughly 300000 accountants left the profession over a two year period in and around Covid. Younever know what to make of these demographic estimates, but they say roughly 75% of accountants will retire over the course of the next decade, and there are very few folks during the profession to make up that gap. And so that means that if you are an accounting team or an accounting firm, one of the core things you have to solve for is how do we continue to do the work that we need to do with the people that we can hire? And so one of the things that basenabled firms to do is to take on a lot of the work that otherwise they would not be able to get done because of the shortages that exist. And so I think that dynamic has made the adoption maybe happen quicker than it would otherwise have if that shortage didn't exist. Yeah, it's fascinating. On the other side in law, from what we've seen, you have tons of people applying to law school simply because it may just because they don't have anything better to do, which implies like we may have you know a huge influx of lawyers, but accounting not as prestigious. Hai can see why it hasn't attracted the same influx. But Yeah, I think even even as I think about it, like all these kids just want to be asked. I've I've had working with a number of firms over the years. It's always like super annoying if the partner, associate, more so on the associate side of an accounting firm leaves. And then there's all this like context that's lost. And you really like if an agent had been helping with that entire process, it would be a lot smoother. So I'm going to recommend basis to our firm. I have one more question and we'll let you get back to your busy day. How do you think about harness development and throwing the context back to the human in the middle? Because it sounds great to be like, okay, I'll turn this agent luse, and we'll come back to something I can review. But a lot of these things, when I'm interacting with great accountants, it's it's not just sum up all the bills and you have your total revenue or something. It's like, okay, I found a bill. I don't know how to categorize it. Is this CapEx? Is this opx? Is this a business expense? How do reclassifying this? And like sometimes that data can just be, you agengentically go and know, look at the receipt, figure out what happened, figure out how to classify it. But a lot of times it requires in an interaction with a human, either over slack or over an email or something. And so I imagine that deciding how to be you know persistent but not annoying, is that a big challenge that you're actually working on, or do I have that kind of roadmap wrong? Yeah, 100%. Very important part of things like part of doing accounting work is the world is this very messy, complicated place where all sorts of economic activity is happening and you figure out how to get that information in order to probably account for things when you were not present at the time of some kind of economic interaction. So this is very important, and I think it is one of the challenges of, you know we spent a lot of time thinking about these long horizon agents because you know because of the nature of accounting work, you know this sort of chatbot experience is not one that naturally works. And so we've been focused on developing these agents that can sort of work on more complex tasks over longer periods of time. And one of the challenges there is you have to figure out, as the agent is going about doing its work, when to interrupt and ask the human a question and also how to provide the human insight into what's going on. Let's say you're going to do a task and the AI is going to go off for the entire day, know the human can't find out at the end of the day that it did something that wasn't exactly aligned with what they wanted, because then the whole day has been wasted and they need to deliver something to their clients. So figuring out how to both give visibility and then also how to raise concerns to the human user is extremely important. And sometimes you even need to go directly to a different source. You need to send email or take some other action in order to complete the workflow. So I think it's an essential part of one horizon development. Super competitive hiring market right now. Give us your 60s elevator pitch. If you're competing to hire somebody with the big labs or somebody that might join Harvey or you cognition or any of these other companies, how do you close them? Yeah. Well, I mean, look, there's lots of exciting things going on and lots of great opportunities out there. But I think there are a couple of things that we think are particularly tically important, and it might not appeal to everyone, but certainly a certain type of person. I think the first is that you know we are pretty much solely focused on building the most capable, most accurate long horizon agents. And I think we're at the frontier of that work. We work very closely with the labs that are building the most sophisticated reasoning models, and we have for quite a while. And so I think for folks who are interested in figuring out how can we build the most capable, most autonomous systems and apply them too actual to real work in the real economy, that is part of the work that we do. It's really the core part of of the work we do that I think is methodologically extremely interesting. I think the second thing is that we are a fully in person team in New York, and all of our research, all of our engineering takes place here. And I think there are very few other companies that are on the frontier of applied ml and are also fully in New York. Obviously, there are limitations relative to the bay area in some ways, but I think there's amazing ml talent here. And so we are sort of hopefully becoming the home for applied ml talent in New York City. And then I think finally, accounting is just a hugely important part of the economy and how we operate as a society. We sort of see it as the fundamental way in which we understand economic life, in which we sort of structure and systematize all the economic activity that happens. And then it has tremendous implications downstream in the organization for how people make decisions. And we think there's a huge opportunity, way more accounting than we're doing right now, and that could actually help organizations function in a much more effective manner. We actually think it has an interesting parallel to engineering in a certain sense, which is that accounting is about, you know, how do you of systematize and abstract this very complicated world? And in some sense, that is like your practice of software engineering as well as like how do we understand this very complex domain and reduce it to a piece of reliable software that we can use. And so I think it's much more important than people think. And I think it actually is very sort of compatible with the ways that engineers and nml folks like to think as well. So those are the things that that we sort of think are most important. And we're really lucky to have a great group of folks here this and you got some money to hire more people, take us through the fundraising round. What happened? Yeah. So know we I think when we're thinking about raising money, one thing that never changes is the strategy and what we're trying to execute from a business perspective. We have at actually at our first seed round and then at every success around a written a quick memo or cover letter, it just outlines the strategy. And the strategy, which is that we are trying to build these long horizing agents to solve the important problems. And accounting has not changed. Some of the core principles around how we make decisions have not changed. So we actually try to make sure that we raise around it doesn't actually change the strategy of what we're doing in a meaningful way. Like we think that you should be relatively consistent. You should obviously update as you go in that respect. Where it does allow us to do is it allows us to keep you growing the team in the ways that it needs to grow. And so that's mostly what we brought the additional capital on in order to do. There's so many different domains of accounting. There's so much ml and engineering work that needs to be done no matter how much we use AI internally to make all those things more efficient. There's there's just endless things left to do it. So we just felt it was the right time to do it, and we're very thankful that we have a great set of investors around the table to allow us to keep making that. And how much did you raise in this most recent round? We raised 100 miss round. Thank you for coming on this show. Have a great rest of your day and we will talk to you soon. Yeah, great to meet you. Goodbye. Cheers. Well, I need to hop on with the English countryside soon. So are there any more news stories that we should cover before we plant the bomb? Figma director Andrew Reed just bought 36, 5 million worth of figma, the largest ever insider buying a figma. Very exciting for him. He's going lonma on the figma dream. The stretch people were debating back and forth with also capital founder Mike, who came on the show earlier. You know, I think he had a really good point. I like his point. I just think it's funny that ymbland ratio us into the stratosphere by posting, no, you can't just vertically integrate like that. Meanwhile in China, byd, I guess we do in ships now. I had no idea. I saw the byd logo on a ship. I didn't realize that they made the ship. I guess they make everything. I guess they make cars and monorails too. Absolutely insane. But ten, zero likes on this. And although it's like A, I don't know, it's a dunk ratio. Whatever, it is an inspiring message. If they can do it, why can't we? So just do it. Just go build a super tanker. I guess, figure it out. Anyway, anything else from the timeline that youlike to talk about before we call it a day? There's a lot more. There's a ton more. Mark Zuckerberg is planning a stable coin comeback. They also have a banger deal with amd going on. And if you head to the bar this weekend and you drink too much, you should just say that you were the victim of a distillation attack. That's the correct turn of phrase. Anyway, thank you for watching. Leave us spostars in apple podcast and Spotify. Have a wonderful day. Nice work, brothers. I'll see you on the next one.
