---
ticker: CRM
type: podcast_transcript
title: "Closing Bell: Make-or-Break Earnings Moment 2/25/26"
podcast: ""
date: 2026-02-25
audio_url: https://dts.podtrac.com/redirect.mp3/cnbc.simplecastaudio.com/d13412e5-373f-49ef-b0d3-745a4f74427f/episodes/c55fe325-71af-4394-83bc-5b6a1a626cad/audio/128/default.mp3?aid=rss_feed&awCollectionId=d13412e5-373f-49ef-b0d3-745a4f74427f&awEpisodeId=c55fe325-71af-4394-83bc-5b6a1a626cad&feed=Nh1wIaXT
language: auto
chars: 51662
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# Closing Bell: Make-or-Break Earnings Moment 2/25/26

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2026-02-25

---

## Transcript

What does it mean to live a rich life? It means brave first leaves, tearful goodbyes and everything in between. With over 100 years experience navigating the ups and downs of the market and of life, your Edward Jones financial advisor will be there to help you move ahead with confidence, because with all you've done to find your rich, we'll do all we can to help you keep enjoying it. Edward Jones, member sipc. This is the chase sapphire lounge of Boston Logan. You got clam chowder in New York, dirty martini, over 13 hundred airport lounges in one card that gets you in chase sapphire reserve. Now even more rewarding. Learn more at chase. Com slash sapphire reserve cards issued by jp Morgan chase pat a, member fdic, subject to credit approval. All guys, thanks so much. Welcome to closing bill. I' M Scott Walter, live from post nine here at the New York Stock Exchange. And this maker breakout begins with the big countdown. Nvidia, salesforce and snowflake all reporting earnings in overtime tonight. And our team of experts, there you see him, they are at the ready with everything you need to know to get you set up for a critical evening. In the meantime, let's show you the scorecard. With 60 to go in regulation today, we are higher across the board today. Led by the nasdaq, one point a quarter percent. The megaccaps are looking pretty good, and so are the software names. That hasn't been the story that many times over the last six months, but we're watching that very closely. And look at them. They are all running into these numbers tonight. Elsewhere, the banks and private credit names are Green, are focus pretty heavy there as well. There's blue owl in the center of a lot of these questions, up more than 6% today. Not so much for first solar dough, a big decliner on the day, near 14% on its outlook. Tjx, they beat and guided ahead of the street that stock, though not doing too much on that. We'll watch. All of that does take us to our talk to take the future of the tech trade arguably on the line tonight as nvidia and those three of those marquis software names do report. So let's welcome our panel to discuss cnbc's Christina partinevos and Sima Modi, star Berdenstein analyst Stacy Raston, along with cnbc contributors, capital area planning groups, Malcolm Edridge, requisite capitals, Bryn talking ington. It is so great to have everybody with us. The first ever six buon the closing bell, at least when I've been doing it. So here we go. And it's worthy, Christina, because this is a huge night. We're gonna to start with you what matters more than anything else. Commentary from Jensen on the earnings call, largely the street, every single guest on our network, retail investors, everybody seems to be very convinced that earnings are gonna to be a beat maybe to the magnitude of roughly $3 billion for revenue that just passed. And that's because the supply chain has been telling us this for quite some time. Foxcon, for example, one of their suppliers work through Chinese New year just to keep up with orders. And then the second thing is that hyperscalers that keep spending. So we kind of already know that earnings are going to be great. It's more what is Jensen going to say to the the audience, the retail crowd, the investors, the Stacy ragons that are going to be on the earnings call, that are going to convince them that demand is going to remain sustainable well beyond 2027, that backlog is going to increase, that partnerships are going to increase, etcec, so that we know that money isn't going to disappear over the next year. All right. Well, Stacy, Christina called you out, so I'm gonna to go to you next. I mean, what do you need to hear from Jensen tonight? Yeah, you bet. So you're right. We do expect the numbers to be fine. He's not walking around you know like a CEO is worrying about his order. And clearly all the supply chain checks suggest sts like massive demand. I think the worry is you look at where invidious trading versus like some of the other names is memory or semiccap or whatever, and there's there's a pretty big divergence there. People do seem to be worried that we're approaching know, call it like a local peak in spending given the magnitude of the hyperscale, you know the dollars and everything that spent this year. And I think what people need to believe is that we are not a local beacon, that this can continue not just in 26 but in 27 and beyond. And so anything that Jensen can give us sort of on that forward deal and that forward road weapon trajectory would be helpful. I think the other thing that people want to get comfortable with is gross margins because so component costs and everything arising. And the company has already said that they think they can hold gross margins in that sort of mid sevens range of this year. And people are going to want to get you, like I said, some sort of comfort that that can still be a sustainable thing as we go forward. And you know we'll see what they have to say. But like I said, the general dynamics of the industry and the demand environment all seem to be going in their favor right now. Again, I'd expect the numbers, the headline numbers and everything to be very, very strong. But that suggests, I guess, when you talk about gross margins, because I feel like that's an undertold and under discusgust part of this story, all you need to do is look at micron shares, for example, and you realize how much these companies are paying for memory. As to whether nvidia, I suppose, could continue to raise prices for their best and brightest chips to offset the increased prices that they're paying for memory, are you worried that that's going to wane at some point? Well, I think the holding margins this year is a combination of two things. One is procurement. So they were out in front of this like much before anybody is. I mean, you know, he's in Korea, you know, eating chicken and drinking beer with you know, the chairman of henex, like not that long ago. There was a reason for that. So they've secured you know, memory earlier before others. I'm not really worried about them getting getting getting that supply. That's good. But on the pricing front, you're absolutely right. They need to take prices up because they're costs are going up. So it's imperative on their on them to make sure that they're improving performance much more than they're taking a price. That's actually their ceiling in my mind. It's not anything else, competition or anything. It's the amount that they can improve performance. He already like gave some data points on Ruben fcs and it was something like I don't know, ten x or whatever it is. And I mean, as long as they can keep performance improving on that kind of a trajectory, I'm not really worried about their ability to price to it because it's still a very you know npv positive thing for their customers. You know pricing is doubling and performance is going up ten x. Most customers will take that all day long. I mean, it's interesting, Malcolm. Yes, the stock has started to run again into the number, which does something to expectations, I would suppose. But according to vder research today, retail conviction is soft into this number. Tonight, we know that shares have seen somewhat of a muted reaction on the backside of most recent earnings reports. The last three, the stocks gained or fallen less than 3.5%. What moves the needle for you? Yeah, I think that Stacy's point about productivity getting stronger could create sort of a good news is bad news kind of scenario where maybe the market sees that as an opportunity. I personally trimmed last week, might trim again, depending on how shares go after the close because my concern now is the market might start reading this, reading this as if we can get more productivity out of our chips. If Ruben does actually increase output by a factor of Tanor, something similar, then that's a little bit scary in the sense that maybe we don't need the level of chips that we have backorders for, and that starts to cut that number in half. And we've already gotten questions on previous earnings calls from analysts about the validity of those rpos and whether we can see those all the way through, how quickly they expect to actually turn that inventory and make good on all those receivables. So I think we might see a scenario where the shastarts selling off after the print just because we get good news. And the other thing briyn, is that if you look at the pe, nvidia is like the cheapest it's been in a long time, which is another maybe untold story as part of all of this. Yeah the stock gets cheaper every single quarter because they're going to have, what, 72% earnings growth, which is just historic with a company the size. And so each quarter, the stock, from a multiple perspective, gets cheaper and cheaper. The reality is, I love to set up today, you know, I've been talking about this one 95, 200 stock price has been really like that outer earth orbit that it couldn't get through. If it punches above that after earnings and after the call later on, I think the stock goes higher. I think what I'm looking for also, and I think hetalk about it, because a lot of the bears obviously talk about the depreciation, the useful life etcec, and I think I want to hear about that, about the useful life. How many years are people actually using? Even the H -100s, it seems like much longer than people anticipated. So we know the call is going to be great. But just remember, this is a cheap name. I think it deserves to be in the 250s, not a one handle. And so I'm hopeful that it can get above that. But it is a good setup. I think the price action going into this print, Christina, what do you make of what you heard? Well, Britain just talked about this appreciation. We know that even just the a 100, which is a much older chip as repeatedly used as a line that has been sold out, core weave, which also supplies a lot of these chips, has talked about you know, demand just being through the roof. You see pricing going up for so many older chips. So I think that really strengthens the argument that demand is staying intact across the board. In terms of the stock though, you know in general, the company has beatyou said, three point a half percent lately. Over the last two quarters, we haven't seen as much of a positive reaction post earnings. But for that, if those looking for that $5 trillion number, nvidia needs to hit two, five, 76. So we're. We're still a little bit away from that number at 197 right now, but there is room for growth. And especially tomorrow morning in the open, the first hour is really key for nvidia. Oh, it's a good point you make. What about the angle of competition? Thought it was interesting that Rothchild and Redburn put out an open letter to Jensen Wong today. They do talk about that and they talk about recent deals that amd's done with OpenAI and meta, illustrating the not only the strength of nvidia's own market position, but the fact that rivals are determined to be even more competitive. I mean, I raised the issue with Jensen a few weeks ago out at the Super Bowl and he said, you know, none of that bothers me. Should they be more concerned about their competitors who are making different kinds of chips and the ones who want to be have a little more of the action? Yeah. I guarantee you he's cognizant of the competition. Like he's not dismissing it. But right now, I feel like the question sort of misses the point. You know I get this a lot on like the whole like GPU versus tpu kind of airand. It's like the question is not who's winning or losing right now. It should be like, is the opportunity still big or is it not if it's big, lots of them can thrive if it's not like everybody screwed, right? So so that's I don't think that that's that's where we are right now. I think you can look at some of their other competition though. I mean, Google and tpu and everything are one thing. You got amd, you know like amd announced their deal with meta yesterday, but it's the same thing. They're giving up know, chunks of the company in return for that. And I'm not blaming amd for doing that. I understand why they need to get to scale, but I think you do have to view their relative competitiveness like through that lens. Like it's it's clearly nvidia's game to lose. And I don't think Jensons are in this game to lose. I can't even imagine what what would happen in the marketplace or how investors would take the news, Malcolm, if nvidia does everything that everybody has already said needs to happen or theylove to hear from Jensen, they believe any fears that are out there. But the price action isn't great after the fact inside an already jittery tech trade. What do you think about that? Well, I think that we have to consider the way the market has been trading in recent weeks or months. Good news. Should have been received as good news. If you think about the earnings period we're in, starting with the banks, then moving over to tech, earnings growth is solid. Earnings are not driving the market the way that we would expect them to. Otherwise, the companies that are down year to date would be leading. And so I think that we have to at least consider that the stock in the company are two separate things right now. And the way that the market is responding is not necessarily indicative of the strength of nvidia or the importance even of nvidia. And I also think to your question, if we do see the siis start to roll over and that trade start to break down, that is going to be really meaningful to the downside to the broader market. I think near term. Well, don't think anybody won't want to see that. The other idea sema is that maybe leave it to Jensen Wong to try and save the software trade too. I mean, there's is a suggestion among our guests today that he may say something to try and defend what's been happening within the software trade, but a really good earnings report from nvidia just might be a rising tide lifts all boats kind of thing, or at least takes the pressure off because the pressure, as you know, from covering the space has been so heavy. It absolutely has. And when watching just the divergence between chips and software, it's been quite dramatic so far this year. And so we'll be watching what CEO Jensen whas to say, not to mention CEO mark bennioff of salesforce as that company gets set to report tonight, the focus for that company will be agent force, right? Provide concrete numbers as to how this business is gaining traction without every software company really providing some type of AI agent. And those key metrics around annual recurring revenue, remaining performance obligations, those are the two specific numbers that investors are going to be looking for. What we've been finding so far this earnings season, Scott, as you know, if any of these software companies miss on earnings or guide light, that in a way reinforces the AI disinmediation FeSO that's going to be key to for these companies given all the volatility we've been seeing in these names. Can you just deliver a clean bek? Can you provide some guidance on what the next six to twelve months look like? I would look to workday, which actually saw this dramatic 13% reversal today, and the CEO oneil blusy talking about how as they embed these agengentic capabilities into their workflow, you're not going to really see the benefits to the second half of this year's. God, Malcolm, you've got ice and your veins, my man. I mean, because you've been buying into the SaaS pocalypse, as as people are calling it. Riyou've been doing that lately. What gives you the conviction to do so? Yeah, I have been buying, like you said, some of my favorite names that have been on deep discount. I think that this is completely overblown. And I think investors who are watching what's happening right now, wondering whether now is the time to jump in, they're still on the sidelines. I think twelve months from now, they're going na look back on this as a missed opportunity. I think that what we should be doing is considering the way that these different companies build their customers. And if it's on a per head count, on a per seat basis, like salesforce, for example, derives a lot of its revenue. A company like Amazon that's cut 30000 jobs in the last twelve, 18 months is meaningful for that company because it's per head count, but on a per usage basis is going to make a totally different impact on a company. That's what drives the annually recurring revenue figure that sema was just talking about. So I think about ibm, for example, as a company that's out there doing a lot of consulting work helping companies figure out how to actually embed and then deploy their AI strategy across the company, that company shouldn't be selling off the way that it has in recent days. And so to me, that's an opportunity to be adding names to a portfolio or adding to positions that a year from now, we're going to look at this and say it was completely overblown. Yes, there will be some companies that get completely taken out by this moment of disruption. I don't want to discount that whatsoever. But I think more than likely, we're going to see a lot of m and a start to pick up amongst the space that's going to be great for shareholders. And I think also we're going to see a lot of those names start to get bid back up, which already, to your point, I think you were making earlier, has already started to happen today. Bryn, you used to own crm, which is salesforce, of course, and you sold it near where it is now. I mean, what would get you to buy it back? Anything that could happen tonight? Well, I feel like they're gonna to have 9% earnings growth. Obviously, you founder led company. I just feel like the sentiment is just so negative on this name. And I love what Malcolm said about the seat count, which is an issue for salesforce. So I'm definitely gonna to listen to the call. I would love to get back in the name, but technically there's been a lot of damage. So I don't like buying stocks at 52 week lows. I think it's close to that, but I'll definitely be listening. Would love to get back in the name. And you think it's a strong company. And I do think this whole dystopian view with sintrinie's story, their novel is one narrative. And I think, you know, I'm very positive on how AI is going to actually help a lot of these companies. And so I do think that we're going na hear from Jensen and mark Benioff this opposite of this dystopian view we've been hearing recently about AI taking over everything and the negative impact, I think it's gonna to be more positive. Sima, you feel like of the two tonight, it's crm that has the most approved, definitely the most to prove when looking at salesforce versus snowflake, the two software companies set to report tonight because the stock has been so pressured to, you know what Brin was just saying about how the sentiment has been so sour and this being such a big name that has made this huge pivot into asient forests. And there's been criticism as to whether there's been some big customer wins. So we want to hear not only do the numbers stack up, but show us examples of how your AI agents are being integrated into large fortune 500 companies? And is there a runway there for this company? So that's going to be key. And then know for a snowflake that actually partners with the large language models like an OpenAI, the key question there is, is there any type of color on that deal continuing? Because there is some concern that the hyperscalers at some point can provide that data warehousing skill that snowflake currently does. All right. Well, you guys crushed the first 17 and a half minutes. Appreciate everybody. Enjoyed the conversation. Thank you. We'll see what happens. Christina, seama, Stacey, Malcolm and Bryn. So what does all this mean for the market? Jp Morgan, private banks? Abby Yoder joins us now at post nine. Welcome back. Thank you. All right, how much of the tech trade hangs on what happens tonight with all of these companies reporting? I mean, it is a lot. And I think that whole conversation was really interesting to listen to and there was a lot of talk about sentiment and what could make it work. I don't know that tonight is gonna to be that answer, right? Like I think yes, on the sei side, there is this question on whether or not we're at peak CapEx from the hyperscalers. I don't think that's going to be the issue because I think there's a supply constraint. On the software side, I think we talked about this last week. You know this is a sentiment overhang that isn't going to be answered in one quarter, right? Like this is going to take several quarters of proving that they're not obsolete. And so yes, it would be great if we saw a revenue acceleration on a sequential basis, but we're going na need to see several of those. And the other thing that I think would help sentiment around here, which we saw a little bit of today, is these companies, these software companies starting to buy back shares right at these prices, right? That could signal some confidence in terms of because there was a suggestion, gosh, I feel like it was a few weeks ago already. Like where's all the insider buyeah? Yeah, right. A big there there was a dearth of it. Yeah. You had to look like far and wide to see anybody stepping in to buy their stock, right? In which you can imagine if you're a read through to like an investor, you're like, well, if they don't have confidence in it, why would I? Right? So but we've started to see a little bit of that come into the market, and I think that's encouraging from that. You hit a good point. Fundamentals are going to take time to play out. This is an entirely, you would think, a narrative driven story. Yeah right. A research paper comes out that, you know, from not even talking the one this week, I'm talking about the one of a few weeks ago company that you used to make karaoke machines puts out a news release and next to, you know, it's like sector by sector by sector. It's like dominoes Yeah going down. It's 100% sentiment driven because obviously when you look at software right now, the earnings revisions on a one to two year basis are positive, right? So this isn't about, okay, what's gonna to happen to software earnings in the next one to two years? This is about their terminal value and ascribing a certain valuation to that, which I think the market is just wrangling around right now. And there is an element of was it would software overvalued heading into this, right? And so there's a sense of just valuation compression at the moment back to normal and then a recalibration on what and growth markets look. So because it's going to take time then for the fundamental story to show itself, does that mean that the tech trade more broadly is going to be choppy for the foreseeable future? It seems that way because like the panel just discussed, I mean, and like you said, we don't want this at all. We don't want semis to break down, right? Because if that were to happen, then tech really doesn't do well. But what's been interesting is you've actually already seen, just because of the damage in software, a five turn multiple reduction in tech to start the year, right? We went from like 29 times to 23 to 24 times. That's a massive, massive change, right? The at five year average, something like 25 times. So I think this chop continues where there's a lot of different moving the industries are moving in different directions and semis continue to lead the way. Where are you hiding out? I mean, where would you hide out if you think there's going to be some more volatility in tech and kind of the rest of the market trade? It's been doing okay, but not like it was you know to start the year, right? Where would you go? Well, I mean, it's hard mathematically for the index to do well when tech isn't doing well and financials aren't doing well. That's the other big that's very interesting. But I think right now when we're looking at the leaderboard and we're thinking about what we have conviction and it's not energy because the supply dynamics there are not great in terms of our outlook for where oil goes. Which was like the best performing group, yes, with negative earnings revisions, right? So it's been all multiple expansion. And so when we think about that type of cohort, and I know you've talked about this heavy asset, low ops lessence, it would be more on the industrial side, not only because it participates in that, but it has so many different structural growth drivers behind it in terms of just fiscal policy, you traditional you know, monetary policy to picking up from a manufacturing perspective. So that's really where we're leaning in terms of are you since you mentioned the halo so called halo trade, right, coined by our very own Josh Brown, are you spending a lot of time on that? You think other strategists are too, just trying to pick through the market, turn things over maybe more than you otherwise would to see what has some level of perceived immunity? Yeah. I mean, I think that yes, that is certainly happening at a market level. And I do think that there is just this it's interesting because this is not like this is a new concept, right, that the administration has been really focused on industrial policy, that there are these levers. There's a lot within the Obba that incentifies that type of spend. But it is interesting that it kind of took the combination of those policies coming to fruition. And during 20, 26, I guess, and then a shakeup of the tech trade, that's where you started to see the money really flow. And I think the other interesting place where you've seen that, and I think it's a related trade is to you know em Asia. I think there's a connection to that trade as well. Great insight to help us wrap up what we heard from our panel. Abby, thank you. Thank you. Zabby Yoder. Let's send it back to Christina now for a look at the biggest names moving into this close. Hi there. Hi. Well, let's start with kava having its best day ever. Shares right now surging almost 25% after his Q4 results and full year outlook just topped estimates. The restaurant chaalso reported fully your revenue of more than $1 billion for the first time ever. The company said the pullback at saw among younger customers last quarter has come to an end. Shares of coinbase also rising right now after the crypto exchange launch, 24 hour stock trading on its platform. The move is part of coinbasstrategy to expand beyond crypto trading to include stocks, etf's and prediction markets. Shares up almost 14% and shares a first solar moving the opposite direction after posting weak earnings and full year revenue guidance, shares literally opposite direction, down 14%. The CEO said, given the new 15% tariff that President Trump just announced, the solar panel maker anticipates the impact from tariffs will total between 125 to dollar hundred $35 million, hence the sell off. Scott? All right. We will see you in a little bit, Christina. Thank you. We're just getting started here. Coming up next, growing private credit jitters and other Wall Street Titan now sounding the alarm on that space. The details just after the spring. Support for today's episode comes from square. If you've ever tapped to pay and thought, Whoa, alwas fast, it was probably square. Square is the platform behind the scenes of so many businesses you already love. Whether someone's selling smoothies, cutting hair, fiing bikes or running a boutique, square gives them one connected system to take payments, manage inventory, run payroll, send invoices and track it all from one place. This isn't just a point of sale. Square includes hardware that works in person and on the go, software for managing staff, marketing and customer insights, and banking tools like square checking to get paid instantly. Square is smart, transparent and built for the way people actually run their businesses. No contracts, no hidden fees. Right now, you can get up to $200 off square hardware at square dot com slash go slash closinbell. That's squ arr dot com slash go o slash closing bell. Run your business smarter with square. Get started today with Uber's new women preferences. Women writers can request a woman driver whenever they want, like Amy, who's traveling solo in a city she's never been to before, or Danielle, who works night shifts at the hospital, or Kelly and Jana, who were way overdue for a night out. Because sometimes comfort comes from having another woman with you. Request women drivers with women preferences on Uber. Learn more on the Uber app, ready to set yourself up for financial success this year. Monarch is the all in one personal finance tool that brings your entire financial life, budgeting, accounts and investments, net worth and future planning together in one simple dashboard on your phone or laptop. Unlike other personal finance apps, monarch is built to make you proactive by helping you plan ahead for what's next. Tracking your money is easier than ever with monarchs popular data visualizations, including skey diagrams, pie charts and more. You can also see a clear visual of your investment portfolio performance compared to the S&P 500. And it's not just about numbers. Monarch helps improve financial conversations too, by allowing you to share your account with a partner or financial advisor. Set yourself up for financial success in 2026 with monarch, the all in one tool that makes proactive money management simple all year long. Use code bell at monarch dot com for half off your first year. That's 50% off your first year at monarch. Com with code bell. Welcome back private credit concerns once again, front and center. Today, I asked Avenue capitals mark Lazary about the software piece of private credit and concerns about where some of those loans are marked. Listen, of course you should be concerned. I mean, we should all be concerned today. Would you want to make that loan at par? That's the real question. And I think the answer to that is no youwant more collateral youwant to hire ebda. So things have changed, but youdon't have that luxury. So if I was gonna to go buy that or other people wanted to buy that loan, youbuy that loan at $0.80, you wouldn't be paying par for that loan because you're not getting paid enough for the risk you're taking. All right, interesting thoughts from mark lazry. Now another well known investor is weighing in with his own warning. Leslie picker joins us now with that. Hey les. Hey Scott. Yeah Saba capital's Bois Weinstein reiterating his view on private credit that it was at eye connections yesterday in Miami where he said the wheels are coming off the car in the asset class, noting its super early innings Weinstein had set a few days ago on x that his firm was actually long the stocks of Blackstone, Aries, Apollo and even blue owl. And I say even blue owl because alongside Cox capital, Saba had offered tenders for investors in several of owls unlisted funds, which thwarted withdrawals recently. The hedge funds are offering a steep discount of 20 to 35% of the estimated net asset value. However, that discount is actually typical for listed funds. We listened to a client call blue owl hosted earlier in the week where they sought to assuage rattled investors. Co CEO Doug Ostrover said the headlines quote misconstrued the announcement, and they were surprised by the recent volatility. The firm thought that the market would be happy about the 1.4 billion in loans that were sold at 99.7% of pars, kind of what Lazare was talking about there. But quickly, the focus turned to the change in redemptions to quarterly returns of capital. Today, though, those shares of blue owl are rebounding. And also today, ubs is out with a note, upping its worst case scenario for private credit defaults. Now that figure is 15%, an increase of two percentage points from where the firm had it earlier this month. And that's about three times the current default rate as we reported yesterday for inside ults franchise. Scott, Yeah, let's stay with me for a minute. I because more people are obviously talking about it. I also asked mark Lazary, as you might have heard, about what Lloyd blanfein recently told the wall Street Journal, criticizing those in the business for leaning more heavily into the retail channel. Here's what Mr. Lazary told me about that. You can only give liquidity when there's no issues. And the minute there's an issue, everybody wants to get out, and especially retail investors. So I think Lloyd is absolutely correct. It's wrong, but it's a business, and people love that business because they can get large fees from it and an incredibly fast growing still business, right, Leslie? Oh Yeah. And that's the key point of all of this is right now, actually the retail involvement in this space, in the private market space, still relatively small compared to the size of the overall private markets. A MacKenzie report just had some numbers about this. They said that in 2025, the retail capital flowing into alternative private markets, that's private credit. That's private equity as well. That reached about $204 billion, which was more than 20, 20 more than double the 2023 level, but that's still just a fraction of the overall multi trillion dollar private markets. Now, the problem, as these managers see it, is that that is the key growth area for them. They've all set up these wealth divisions in recent years with the idea of, okay, we may have you know largely saturated the market for institutional investors, but the growth will come from high net worth individuals. And maybe one day down the road, even just regular retail investors as well, potentially even 401 ks, which is something that the government is looking into right now. And so the important part of that is this is kind of the next leg of growth for these managers. So all of these headlines and all of this drama and concerns about things being called semi liquid but not really liquid, that all has massive ramifications potentially for kind of that down the road growth plan. Appreciate that, Leslie. Thank you. It's Leslie picker. Still ahead, the drama between anthropic and the government heating up yet again. The details coming up. And later, what to watch for from the big earnings reports in overtime. Told you about some of them, the right on your screen and video, a snowflake sales esforce fell ell is back after this. In 2024, a truck crashed into kaw animal rescue, where I work. 146 of our dogs needed homes fast. We asked for help on Facebook. Our story spread through WhatsApp messages and Instagram reposts. Immediately, people stepped up. I'm here to buand. Just six hours later, every dog was fostered. I'll never forget how our community showed up for us. Learn how over three, 5 billion people connect to what matters with meta at meta. Com slash community every day. Bring ings somewhere to be and everyone counting on you to get them there. With seating for up to seven, the 2026Jeep Grand chkel keeps busy schedules moving from early practices, Delena games and the triumphant ride home. Available four x four capability helps you drive safely and confidently when weather shifts or plans change. The laughter, high fives and shared wins become the memories you cherish in the 2026Jeep Grand cherokeo jeep in the jeep griller. Registered trademarks of fca us c. Men are struggling with their mental health to some of the highest rates we've ever seen. Most aren't getting the support they need, and that needs to change. I'm Dr. Guy winch, your host for season three of the visibility gap presented by sigma healcare. This season, we're focusing on men's mental health, bringing together real stories and expert insight to explore the pressures men face every day and why opening up can feel so difficult. Join us for the new season wherever you stream your podcasts. The battle between anthropic and the government taking yet another turn today. Kate Rooney joins us with those details. Hi, Kate scotso. Anthropic still faces a Friday deadline to allow the us government to let the department of defense use its AI technology, no questions asked, or to be labeled as a supply chain risk. This is according to sources, and the government could invoke, I'm told, the Defense Production Act as well, basically forcing the AI company to comply and throa details in a statement that they're still negotiating. They do hope to come to an agreement by 5:00p.m.on Friday. And thropic investors I'm talking to out in Silicon Valley do worry about that supply chain designation and what it means for their total addressable market. Any sort of chilling effect it could have for enterprises. CEO's, of course, are already pretty nervous about getting offsides with the administration. One investor described this spat as a lose lose for anthropic. So if they acquiesce, they're going to be seen as backtracking on safety. And if they don't, could get them offsides with the administration, with the White House, and potentially hit the reputation as the sort of a safe AI player. But speaking of that, at the same time, anthropic dropping its flagship safety policy. So executives told time that with that rapid advance we're seeing in AI doesn't quite make sense for us to make unilateral commitments. Talked about competition out there. Investors also tell me there hasn't been much pushback though on dropping that safety designation. It all comes down to power and the power of this technology. Dario ade saying in a podcast this week he compared AI to a tsunami that no one is preparing for sky. It want me continuing kind of what he's been either saying or writing. So maybe not a surprise, just a continuation of some of the concerns that he has. Speaking of anthropic, I thought there was an interesting piece in the wall Street Journal today not specifically throwing any cold water on the potential of an anthropic or an OpenAI ipo, but just current market conditions and how they might be impacting the ipo market this year, which was expected to be pretty robust as it relates to tech. It's such a great topic, Scott, as we talk about some of what are poised to be some of the biggest AI ipos. But ipos in history, really volatility is such a big issue. I talked to a banker about this recently who said, you know you look at the markets at the last couple of weeks, where you are from Monday to Friday is just completely different. They were saying, you know if you're planning, you have to start preparing for an ipo fallnine months ahead of time, maybe even a year. There is just no way to predict. So with that said, he was saying, they're doing their homework, they're getting ready to ipo. I think it's gonna to come down to the actual quarter that they're in, looking at the markets and saying, what does the volatility look like? Do we expect this window to stay open? But the window is so narrow, the markets have just been so reactive to AI, you could see a massive sentiment shift to really affect their willingness to go public. And there's also this debate of who's going to go first? Does anthropic want to wait, let OpenAI go, sort of test the waters? So they are definitely doing their homework from what I'm told, and sort of putting volatility aside, saying we can't control that. It's been crazy. But give us nine months, we'll see where we are at the end of the year. You had this other piece of news regarding open enai today that was pretty fascinating in its own right. This sweetheart deal, if you want to call it that, for thrive and their investment into OpenAI. Give us more details, please. Yeah, no, Scott, that one, it's dog eso much happens in the scope of a day. But thrive capital basically got sort of a discount in an OpenAI run. So this was late last year. They got into a discount at what it was sort of trading for in private markets. So lower than the 300 million billion sorry, excuse me, a billion dollar valuation it was last year. But it does speak to the close relationship between Josh Kushner, who has just become a prolific tech investor. I would say his relationship with Sam Altman, clearly, they have an inside track to some of these deals. You know, this was again last year. This company, opeyes we're talking about is in the midst of raising, what could it be, a $100 billion deal. I'm full thrive is set to participate in that. They would not comment on it, but sources telling me that is the sort of financial part of that. There's the strategics. You got nvidious offbank names like that, Amazon as well. And then you have the more core financial venture capital investors where thrive is set to be a big player there. So interesting, you know private markets is not as straightforward. You're able to get sort of these interesting deals on the back end. And Cushner and Altman definitely close, definitely paying off ering. And worth underscoring just again, like we did it on halftime, this is all about the timing of a deal between thrive and OpenAI rather than a question about OpenAI's valuation in any way, shape or form. Exactly when you pointed out it's approaching in this next round close to a trillion dollars. So the numbers, they may sound eye popping based on what we're were talking about last year, flashword. We are now hitting the trillion dollar numbers basically for private markets, which is just a level we have never seen and is completely unprecedented. Yeah, it's astounding. Kate. Thanks. Kate Rooney, thanks. Up next, the biggest movers into the close, Christina parand evilos is standing by once again. With that, tell us a web services giant hitting mulyear lows on a week, loulook and a biometric firm surging on a strong quarter. And lastly, a tech blue chip getting a second look from Wall Street. Those details at blubriry. All we're lesson 15 from the bell. Let's get back to Christina now for the stocks that she's watching. Tell us more. Go Daddy. Yes, getting hit hard today, down about 14% after its revenue outlook came in lighter than Wall Street expected. The company has really just made a big bet on AI to help small businesses run their online presence. But so far, customers just aren't biting at the pace. Investors, I'd hope, ped for the stock now at its lowest level in more than a year. Shares of biometric company clear popping right now 38% after earnings and revenue for its latest quarter came in better than expected, as did its Q1 revenue guide. The company said its total clear members, you, all those stations and airports grew to roughly 38 million people, up over 30% year over year. And lastly, ibm catching a bid today up about three, almost 4% after ubs upgraded the stock. The firm still sees AI as a real risk for software companies, but says ibm has been quietly reshaping its business through acquisitions, and that work is now pointing to faster growth ahead. Scott? All right. Thank you very much, Christina parof, evelse. Coming up next, we'll tell you what to watch for when the big earnings in overtime. Nvidia's shareholder, Doug Clinton, will join us as well in the market zone, which is next. All right, we're now in the closing down market zone. Mike santolly and intelligent office, Doug Clinton here to break down these final moments of this trading day, plus a big slate of earnings and overtime, as you clearly know by now. Semomodi with a final look at salesforce and snowflake, Christina parand. Evolos with that look as well at nvidia. Michael, I begin with you tell us what you think is on the line this evening. Well, it's fascinating the way the market has in a wafront run the nvidian numbers by reasserting some conviction about nvidia as well as the other mega cap AI related trades into it. So you know, I do think today is basically the trends year to date. Flip them on on their head and that's what you have today. Equate doing nothing. Not great market breath. That's not a buy everything market, but it could be the second straight 1% gain for the nasdaq 100. That's something new. The S&P 500 showing a little bit of life. It bent but didn't break at the bottom end of the range. So I do think you have to be open to the idea that we did see the selling crescendo in software earlier in this week. And then private credit, everybody got to worry about that for a little while. And now it's like, let's see if nvidia can justify the faith that investors are showing at it right now as it breaks to a multi month high. What do you guys got to cover this top of the Yeah, you name, it's got a couple of portfolio managers who own it. We're gonna to break it down on the sales side or also, of course, as you know, we're gonna not gonna to take our eyes off of salesforce and snowflake, which given the action and software today after workday has a lot of relevance for the future. We look forward to it. Michael. Thank you. It does really point to sema that this is one heck of a backdrop for these earnings reports. Yeah, we were looking at the number of Scotts salesforce entering the print tonight amid one of the biggest drawdowns in history. So the pressure is on to show a meaningful jump in agent for at annual recring number and its backlog. For snowflake, the key metric to watch is guidance tied to its product revenue. The stock has sold off this year, but it's performing better than the igv software sector because of its role in data infrastructure. So results tonight theyconfirm whether a snowflake's moat remains intact as the hyperscalers start to slowly lean into data warehousing. Scotboth stocks, I would point out higher at this hour. All right, we'll see in a little bit sema. Thank you very much. Speaking of Christina, the final moments before the curtain comes up leave us with a critical thought here. April revenue guide got to be around about 73.5 billion. That's the base case. Backlog expected to grow. Investors looking for details on sovereignn ideals, partnerships that really lock demand into 2027, that's the big thing. But the retail flow story, this is a little bit of a different angle, is worth watching closely heading into the print is Scott, you talked about it earlier. Retail buying has been unusually muted and that mirror subdued institutional positioning as well. Investors waiting for essentially a Green light from Jensen on the earnings call. Historically, though, retail has piled into nvidia in the first 60 minutes of the open after a print tomorrow morning will be the conviction test if they step in early. That's your signal that risk appetite is back in this name. All right. I can't wait to see what happens. Christina. Thank you very much. Let's bring in Doug Clinton now who win, Interestingly, likes other hyperscalers over the nvidia. You like Amazon, apple and Google more than nvidia. And in that order, why we do in and we own nvidia tuscott going into the print. I think the reality though is we just heard from many of these hyperscalers, they're boosting their CapEx guidance 30 to 50%. I think everyone is sort of expecting a pretty strong number from nvidia. And so you have to ask yourself, what is the incremental upside story? If you look at the apples, the googles and the Amazons of the world, there's one big thing. It's really apple and Google that play in it that excites me looking into the back half. And that is the potential for personal AI. I think that is a new story. It's something that's not priced into these stocks. I think it's a trillion dolplus new market, and those two companies, along with OpenAI, are the two that really could win that game. But I mean, the market obviously has been more nervous about the spenders that you like over the receiver of a lot of this money, which is nvidia. That's right. That means it's funny. If you actually look at the free cash flow yield on the mag seven, nvidia now has the highest free cash flow yield because they've been essentially siphoning all of the free cash flow from most of the other hyperscalers. But if you think about that, apple is actually one that does stand out a little bit there, Scott. They're not spending a ton on CapEx. They actually have the second highest free cash flow yield. So they're an interesting play where they could actually give you a little bit of free cash flow yield and have this upside potential. They just have to get Siri right when they launch it later this year. Yeah, no, they do. Price action is going to be interesting tonight, isn't it? It is. Although I would say this, you know I'm kind of going in with the expectation that I don't think we're gonna to see that kind of eight, 10% jump to the upside that we've seen from nvidia in the past. And I would expect a little bit more muted price action. I still think numbers are going to be good, but like we talked about, I think a lot of that is priced in and I think it might be hard for the stock to really gap up on what they print tonight. How much of the tech trade in general broadly is hanging on? What happens this evening? And I don't mean just with nvidia, of course, with salesforce and snowflake also reporting this, a pretty big night. It is a big night. You know, I think every time nvidia reports, it's always a big event. And I think we're going to see something similar to what we've seen in the past few quarters, which is a reaffirmation that the AI trade is on, certainly on the hyperscalar side, certainly on the hardware side. The software side, I think to your point, Scott, is it's probably a little bit more interesting. I mean, workday, we saw it was down after hours yesterday. I think it's going to end the day, you know, maybe flattish shed up a little bit here. I think the questions about what does AI do, how do we have this new world of agents doing a lot of information work and what does that mean for these companies is going to be a big question. I'm curious to hear what salforce in particular says about that. Would you own assas stock? Right now? We do own a few sas stocks and intelligent alphscott. We do use AI to pick a lot of the stocks that we own. So we own companies like a service. Now I do think some of those really big enterprise deployments are going to be harder for AI to displace. So those are places where I think you can win. I do think in the long run, though, you know, some of these tools, including salesforce, they may be harder to justify when a lot of the information work is being done by agents and they just fundamentally need different tools and maybe work with different systems of record than we're using today. Your model might need a little wd 40 service now. Hasn't done well either. We just showed it, Doug. We'll see what happens. They're already cheering because it's going to be a Green Day as this bell is about to ring. But the real action of this day comes in the next few handfuls of moment. That's when you're going to get nvidia and you're going to get sales force and you're going to get snowflake. And our team is ready and overtime. I'll send it to Melissa. Mike? This is a vacation with chase sapphire reserve, the Butler, the spa. This is the edit, a collection of hand depicked luxury hotels and a 500 edit credit. Chase sapphire reserve now even more rewarding. Learn more at chase. Com slash sapphire reserve cards issued by jp Morgan chase bank and a member fdic, subject to credit approval.
