---
ticker: CRM
type: podcast_transcript
title: "Tech Earnings Reaction: A Wild Ride for Nvidia and Salesforce 2/26/26"
podcast: ""
date: 2026-02-26
audio_url: https://dts.podtrac.com/redirect.mp3/cnbc.simplecastaudio.com/772daf2b-4aa5-445b-9969-6ecd181231b1/episodes/ca7ec46c-bb3d-4c8c-ba7f-bfbdc1c0df94/audio/128/default.mp3?aid=rss_feed&awCollectionId=772daf2b-4aa5-445b-9969-6ecd181231b1&awEpisodeId=ca7ec46c-bb3d-4c8c-ba7f-bfbdc1c0df94&feed=GcylmXl7
language: auto
chars: 47524
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# Tech Earnings Reaction: A Wild Ride for Nvidia and Salesforce 2/26/26

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2026-02-26

---

## Transcript

Tom Steye, when he says he's going to tax big corporations and the billionaires who own him, he needs it. Don't close the Trump property tax loophole that costs our state billions standing with unions to fund schools and single payer guaranteed health care. And hetake on Trump because I've been in enough corporate boarddrooms to know a crook when I see one and fight to abolish ice. Tom yer gressive for governor, paid for by for governor 2026. Hey, it' S Parker pohow. Did I get here? I love improvisation when it comes to acting, but when it comes to a real life plan, I stick to a script, cue the music. Invest in your story. Get the growth potential of midcaps with mdy from State Street. Getting there starts here. Before investing, consider the funds, investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses to visit State Street. Com slai for prospectives containing this and other information really carefully. Mdy is subject to risks similar to those of stocks. All the etare subject to risk, including possible loss of principle. Alps distributors and distributor. It's Jim Kramer here. You're listening to the opening bell of cbc squawk on the street. Don't miss a minute of the action. AI is here. AI is not going to go back. AI is going to only get better from here. Video is Jensen Wang on last night's call expressing optimism about the future of AI. Good Thursday morning. Welcome to squon the street I'm Carl king to with Jim Kramer and David Faber at post nine of the New York Stock Exchange. Nvidia up about a percent future steathere's a host of consumer and tech earnings to get to today oils down as these us Iran talks takes place in it in Geneva. Claims were tame at 2:12k arrobat begins with nvidia blowout earnings met with some muted reaction. What Jensen Wong told nbc about the AI landscape and have the battered software sector. Salesforce is one of those key software names that have taken a hit to put it lightly over these last few months. The company's stock price still under some pressure this morning. This based on some soft guidance. And Netflix's co CEO Ted cerindos reportedly going to the White House today to discuss his efforts for the company's deal to acquire Warner Brothers, or at least the studio and streaming assets. This, of course, comes with Warner Brothers results, and paramount results will give you the latest let's get to nvidia though rising on this quarterly beat and sales guidance above consensus Q4 data center revenue 75 from a year ago that was fueled by AI demand. Jim, and I know you've said that the reaction deserves a little bit more than it's getting. Yes, it does. Well, look, the stock was at 201 when Colette cress, who's the excellent cfo, came out and said, listen, we hadn't sold anything in China yet. It's almost as if people think that this is a China pland. You could not be more wrong. I think this stock is being traded by people who really don't understand, as I felt since it was it two and I recommended it, they just don't understand what it does. I mean, we had always felt that the big customers were hyper scalers, and they were speaking about Amazon Web Services, speaking about Google Cloud. We're thinking about azure. No, it's now a different kind of story. The story is about anthropic story is about the incredible numbers from OpenAI. The story is about how they are a not no longer just a chip, their platform. And David, when I read it and I see that the revenue growth is actually accelerating, this is a gigantic company and the stock's not expensive. And I don't really care about China because maybe they get China when the president talks to or maybe they don't or maybe they don't. They're still going to do $78 billion in revenues this quarter, which, as you said, is above analyst consensus and represents a growth rate that is accelerating with, by the way, 75% operating margins. I mean, as I like to do sometimes with these companies and just like to step back and consider the numbers themselves because they are so stunning, a company that earned over $43 billion for the reported quarter that we're going to be talking about. I can remember when I was Exxon Mobile had a $10 billion quarter years ago, and I remember leading squat box with it at the time. And here we are at 43 billion for a quarter. And that's not I mean, by the way, we see that from some other companies as well or at least a few, but 75% operating margins. But Jim, the stock doesn't want to go up. I don't know why you keep fighting with all these people. There's clearly something and the market knows better sometimes, and there's clearly something that out there that says, I don't know whether it's competition. I don't know whether it's worries about this spending and whether it can be continued from the likes of OpenAI or anthropic. I don't know what it is, but the market speaks every day because this thing just stays cheap. Well, look, I think that we wouldn't have been so down being about the today if it hadn't been up so much yesterday. It has increased this. That's a good point. The stock was at 182 and it is up. I mean, to my I just saying all that. Meanwhile, the stoup six, I'm not going to disagree, but I think that when you change your client base, when you have a visionary like Chancen wanong talking about, well, listen, between clawed cowork and open claw. Now I've been on open claw. This is something that's taken the world by storm. Just like ChatGPT, he's not talking about how much it matters about Amazon Web Services, although he would tell you, look, they need all they can get. I felt that this was a quarter that explained how he can get to this three, four trowhich a lot of people thought was not in data center caacby the end of the decade, yes. And a lot of people felt that that was just smoke and mirrors. But instead, I felt very confident about that number after this call. Well, he does speak next week at Morgan Stanley tmt. And then of course, gtc comes the week after that, I think, right, thirteenth to sixteenth. So therebe a couple more catalysts in the coming weeks. Well, I think you'll explain why verrubin next iteration, which is going to ship volume in August, which is different, by the way, and better than what we heard last time in gtc, where there was a slowdown and there was a glitch. I think what they're saying is you can be backward compatible. You take core weave, you can have the ones that they have, which are the beginning then yet the next generation, next year, they all can be used and they're not they're not thrown away. And people feel like, you know what? This is the only operating system we need. Now, someone asked you about amd and I think you just Oh Yeah, sure. Someone I asked them last night about how about the Google chip? How about the the Amazon chip is yes, sure. I mean, those are fine. Those are niche and this is broad, and they want to capture the world, and I think they will capture the world. But I also think that we've now gotten into the world where the average person who reads this quarter has to read it with ChatGPT, with Gemini, with Brock, because the things that they're saying are beyond what we know. And I spent two hours on it, and I spoke to collect Press for 20 minutes last night as this cfo, and I've still found myself baffled by some of the things they're doing. Now, I'm not a technology guy. I talked to enough people who use it, but all I can tell is that they seem to be the only one at this this level of platform and the factory, AI and Carl, that just means they've gone beyond the hyper scalers. And that's good because the hyper scalers, even though they're borrowing, and by the way, coretiyou, they're going to make money very soon, but they have revenues right now, even though they're borrowing a whole new set of buyers. This anthropic you, they just raised money at a dollar hundred, what, 58 billion valuation. Anthropic, maybe they're number one customer in three months. Well, the need for compute is just continues unabated. And we are moving now to the inference phase, right? You're still training models, but that's not as important as inference, which will be used to generate a lot of these outcomes in the enterprise, conceivably that an anthropic will benefit from in terms of the use by businesses of their clouude, of their various agents. Are they in the right position? Colette cresays on the call, of course they are. They're going to be dominant inference as well. Is there perception that perhaps that's not the case? No, I think there's a perception, and it wasn't addressed directly that I asked about it. There's a perception that all we really care about or should care about is how much money Amazon is borrowing, Microsoft t's borrowing, that is borrowing. And will they end up not being able to make any money? Like I asked Colette, wait a second. I'm confused here. Jenson goes to the point and says, listen, this AI equals revenues. And I said, if I were a bondholder, I don't want to hear revenues. I want to hear profits. And you don't mention profits and their company feels like profits are to come. I think if anyone were in another business theysay, Oh, they got revenues but no profits. I'm concerned about that. They're borrowing so much money, and I think that's still out there. And I think it does matter. And I think it's why the stocks at 196, not 205. Yeah. Well, it's not clear that you're gonna to get an answer on that anytime soon, certainly not in the next couple of quarters, is it? Well, that's why I thought that the more important issue was OpenAI anthropic and how they're just they're just blossoming as gigantic customer they are. But you share concerns overall about OpenAI and the commitments that they have even if it's no longer one, 4 trillion, recent reports have them scaling it back, but it's still 600 billion, 100, 300 billion of that to oracle. I mean, the commitments are enormous. The revenue growth is enormous at OpenAI, but questions continue to be, will it meet what they need to spend and if they're spending a lot of that with nvidia. You've got those same questions, Jim, that you do for some of the greatest companies the world's ever seen that, yes, they're borrowing, but nobody questions their ability to pay back the borrowing, only the question as to whether they're going to get a return on the capital. I agree with everything you said. And that's why when we sit back and we think about why the stock after blowout quarter t with huge with revenue gains doesn't move, it's a skepticism about their clients, not about nvidia. I come back and say the clients after reading, the clients have no choice. They have to spend the money. And then you could say, Yeah, but maybe they don't have enough. Well, therebe this gap where they get revenues and not earnings, but they are all afraid to not make this. We know that right. And we've seen the numbers continue to just climb. I mean, they're as we've said, and we've gone through them, the 200 billion from Amazon, the 185 billion from alphabet, sometimes like the 135 billion from meta and on from there. It's incredible. It is incredible. There is one thing I would note. Those CapEx numbers, do they now include and have gone up as a result as well of the incredible increase in memory prices? Well, they got memories. Jensen saw it coming. He went to the Koreans, witsk high and Samsung. He's the only one. He was telling everybody, I had a bunch of me. He says, boy, I think people should be really buying memory. And I was speaking about, no one really listened to him on that, but it would have been great. But Carl, the reason why we have to spend so much time on it is that we're just not used to having a semiconductor company per se being so large. If it were a software company like Microsoft, we wouldn't even be discussing it. I think this is much more formative. I think the technology is the fourth industrial illusion. And if we really call this assemding doctor company after last night, then that's like saying that what we have here is we have a great picture. I think they have a great team. Well, they definitely make more money in a quarter than most chip companies make a year. Yes, Becky did talk to him more broadly about what's happened in software overall. He had this interesting comment about biological employees and digital employees. Take a listen. Markets gets got it wrong. I think it's very likely that these companies that we're talking about are going to introduce agents that run on their platforms. You know, these agents, of course, they have to be experts in what they do. And nobody Bois going to understand customer service better than service now. And they're going to come up with agents that are really fine tuned and optimized for the type of work that uses the tools that they have. In the end, also, we need the tools to finish their work and put the information back in a way that we can understand and that we call them a system of records. And so each one of these tools have their own system of records. Those system of records exist because we put them there and we use it so that we understand the information that's finally complete. And so those system of records will still be ground truth, theycontinue to be ground truth. And now the agents will help, they will use it, and they will populate the system of records that will use the tools that are available on these platforms. Interesting phrases now that we're getting ground truth, kind of points us to what Lisa su said yesterday about the role that humans will play in all of us. Well, I think that the one key paragraph that speaks to that in the conference claanthropists call cowork Asian platform is revolutionary, is open the floug gates for enterprise AI adoption between clad cowork and open clad compute demand is skyrocketing. And then he talks about how these are creating next generation code and that that's it's kind of unstoppable. You need so much computing. I think that our problem is we can't think big enough about what open claws doing. When you get your mini mac, you have to do it. We can't get our arms around or heads around the fact that anthropic is right now doing and you're creating code that is just eating up everything that nvidia has. It's just so big we can't get our heads around. It's an enormous need for compute. It's now software, writing software. And I didn't follow everything he was talking about there, frankly, other than he certainly is fighting back very strongly against the narrative that these companies are going to be marginalized in some way. Yes, saying that their expertise is going to be applied, perhaps in a different way, but nonetheless needed as much, if not more. But were you surprised if codex clacode open claw were such a big part of the discussion as opposed to Amazon Web Services? Well, yes, no, he's talking now about the, he's talking about the agengentic world that we've been hearing about for some time, which is why this new this I don't know if it's a new metric at salforce, but a gentic work units is something we're counting up up 57 quarters with token and how much token and whether it's $0.05 per token, whatever didn't work. If we want to go to salesforce, I wouldn't tell you. I'm going to be really honest about it. That was one of the wild wildest s calls I've ever heard. I mean, he's decided he's had it on. So he brings on two customers and says, tell the story and the story y's great. I spoke to market length on this, but before and during the call, I don't know if we have a clip, but Yeah, Oh my God, he's just attacking. He's on the attack. Take a listen. We are projecting $46.2 billion in revenue. Jim, the first time I was on your show, I think it was a billion in revenue. We're talking 46.2 billion. It's just a 46 times since 2008. When I was first 2009, I think I was first on the 2000. Amazing. Well, and Jim, yes, Jim, that, of course, was one of our first taapocalypses. You know, remember that you said I had to come on the show because it was a SaaS pocalypse. And then, you know, we lived through the 2020SaaS apocalypse. When you're like, Oh, how are you going to survive through the pandemic? And here we are, Jim. We're in another SaaS calypse. Well, it's a series of SaaS pocalypse, Jim. It's not my first SaaS pocalypse, you know. No, we've lived through them before. Allegedly. Didn't change anybody's mind. I completely disagree. That well, stock is awful. Lowso, Yeah. Well, I mean, Yeah, it was down. God, by the way, people hit me since going down to it. Don't get in front of that one. That's a speeding trick. I felt, okay, there was a problem. He said there was 12% revenue growth that did not include Informatica breakout. Okay, really was 9%. David, I think what this conference call was about is to say, you don't believe me, but listen to listen to Wyndham Eaton, which is the largest hotel company, you don't believe me, but jk ninja, which is, by the way, for big company, uses us constantly because they have so many customers. Now I know a half dozen customers who didn't want to be on a call. They would be they're big, but they didn't feel like I'm I that I get that. But it's an interesting way to present their value proposition to have their customers come on and do that. And I like that line. It's not my first sapocalypse. He was both amusing and also to some degree about his agas gonna I mean, look what I mean, take a look at what the stock price has done. It's, I mean, it hasn't done anything and it looks over five years. Nothing. Carl the other day said it's been ten years and it has maybe ten years. I don't know. We'll take a look. Here it is. So that's five years. That's negative 12%. That gives you a you imagine Mr Benny off would be a little frustrating. Well, then he wants to buy okay, so here's the kind of thing I'm hearing. Oh, we wants you to buy $50 billion and that's going to replace the existing authorization. Well, he's got 14, 15 billion in cash flow. But what they missed if they had actually read the poll, which is again, something that I found not as painful as people think, he's going to borhe's going to borrow a huge amount, I think, to buy stock now. Is that what I like to do? No, I like to happen. Any cash flow, by the way, 50 billion on $180 billion market, a lot of huge percentage. I don't know over what period of time, but he's going to be in there today. He attacks service icnow and viva systems just went after the the service now once said, we're going into salesforces territory. Mark was just on the offensive. It was a counter attack. As what I can we'll get to plenty more and we'll go over crm a little bit more. We'll get to snow, of course, trade desks, zoom, a bunch of consumer names. Pen pizza, Dona as nasdax wobbling a bit. But Dow fuis, pretty steady here. Stay with us. Tom Steyer, when he says he's going to tax big corporations and the billionaires who own him, he needs it. Don't close the Trump property tax loophole that costs our state billions standing with unions to fund schools and single payer guaranteed health care. And hetake on Trump because I've been in enough corporate boarrooms to know a crook when I see one and fight to abolish ice. Tom Steyer, progressive for governor. I'm paid for by Steyer for governor. 2026 with chase sapphire reserve for business, you'll turn every meeting, every mile and every meal into momentum. Chase sapphire reserve for business, the business card that gives back all you put in. Visit chase dot com slash reserve business to learn more. Cards issued by jp Morgan chase bank. Any member of dic subject to credit approval turns apply. Time for a quick break to talk about McDonald's. Listen up, McNuggets lovers. McDonald's has some juicy news for you. Now you can get a 20 piece chicken McNuggets for 750. That's right, 20 crispy golden chicken McNuggets for just 7:50. Perfect for sharing or keeping them all for yourself. We won't judge. Be sure to order ahead on the app and save time picking up your meal. Price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Welcome back. Seven minutes before we get an opening bell here at the New York Stock Exchange. Time for a mad dash. What do you got? Well, Carl mentioned that there are a couple stocks that are really on the move. And the top is the cwhich is letter q. No, not quest, is subbuwill not? Remember now, this is a company, David. We own it for the chatrust. It's a pure play provider of integrated solutions for the sanding inductor value chain. I want you to think of as the materials that are in the layers when you do high bandwidth memory. So it's part of the whole concept. What in high with memories, the stuff that Mike run is just dying for, obviously, right now, David, the forecast last night up dramatically, did a $500 million share repurchase. I know that's not that big, but it's being discovered. And the reason why being discovered was buried within DuPont. And one of the last things ed Breen did was he separated this. He had a filiate. This materials company that's connected with the data center would really shine. And then the rest of the company is, well, I mean, regular old DuPont, which isn't bad. But I do think that this is an extraordinary company. It's the growth company, the Dupine, the growth company. There is water, and I think I'm water filtration. This was buried in DuPont. And now, I mean, this is just year to date, obviously a beneficiary of the entire the breakup memory surge as well. I mean, the stop, I mean, it was like 72 and it's probably like, I don't know, 112. Now, because of this, I will point one down, David. This is that purgatory of split up. And we're seeing it in Honeywell too. Honeywas all about to split up into the, you know, office security, automation and aerospace. This was a gem. Stock was mispriced. And ed Green is last act. Not bad, huh? No, no. There you go. Strength to grow. As we like to say. That's exactly right. We got an opening bell about five minutes from now. Don't forget, you can catch us anytime and anywhere by listening to and following these squawk on the street opening bell podcast. Tom Steyer, when he says he's going to tax big corporations and the billionaires who own them, he needs it heclose the Trump property tax loophole that costs our state billions standing with unions to fund schools and single payer guaranteed health care, and hetake on Trump because I've been in enough corporate boarrooms to know a crook when I see one and fight to lish ice. Tom Steyer, progressive for governor ad paid for by Steyer for governor, 2026 on Etsy. Every sign of spring is a reason to celebrate. Welcome the warmer weather with a light linen jacket made by a real person, or enjoy your morning coffee outdoors in a hand thrown mug. Refresh your style and your space with pieces you won't find anywhere else. Celebrate the new season and original small shops on the Etsy app. She loves it hot, he loves it cold. However you sleep, the pod by eight sleep adapts to you. Personalized temperatures keep you in deep sleep longer, so you wake up refreshed. Learn more at asleep dot com. Uniformly, everywhere I go, the demand for capital is going up all forms, bank capital, private capital, because everyone is focused on economic growth and reindustrialization investing in national security. These are things that we've been doing for 40 years. And so I think it's more about the demand for capital than it is about the sentiment on any given day. That's Carlyle Harvey Schwartz this morning talking to Leslie picker exclusively ahead of the company's shareholder event in New York City today. His point largely is about the demand for capital being driven by the unwind of globalization. Everyone's gonna to need their own little thing. Well, I know that they have a portfolio of really fantastic industrial companies. Harvey and his predecessors, we're never really into the enterprise software business that we see so many of these blue owproud that they were in the enterprise software business. So I think that what we need, David, you can tell me whether this is possible. We need a better ipo market that wants to buy these industries because they need capital. Without a doubt, we need a better ipo market for a lot of the exits that the private equity portions of alternative asset managers would hope for. Yes, because as I pointed out, while it's not that big a part of the businesses it used to be, it's still not insubstantial and there's still billions of funds that they want to raise, right? But you got to get the exits, which means bringing companies public, and it's far from clear that's going to be the case. Well, I was surprising you didn't say to me, if they want to sell it to just that big thing or they don't make as much money as they want, that's a great Harvey. Harvey was a very big, important player at golden Sachs. He's incredibly disciplined. That stock is going down as much as the others. That makes no sense. They didn't make. Let's get the openings down here in the cbc old time of change with the big board. It is luoming tech infrastructure company at the ndaq gold royalty company, elemental royalty, celebrating its recent listing as we work our way through the open. Joknow, you're watching this intramovement on nvidia, right? And it's the biggest company. I say I've just tated a lot of previous stocks down, and there are a lot of skeptics out there, a lot of people who feel it's been a real big win. A lot of people feel, listen, nobody has enough money to be able to continue what they think theybe helping to do. There is a gap. I mean, maybe Amazon Web Services, which has obviously got its own chip too, can't make as much money as as Jensen thinks they can. I have not found that it makes sense to bet again, jjensen. This stock was up big yesterday, but I think the I will say that the sellers either feel that there's not enough economic growth and not enough capital to be able to make the big numbers or they don't understand what he's got going. And I'm good to bet on the later but to David's point earlier, Goldman yesterday in five months forward earnings estimates are up 37% for nvidia and stocks flat over five months. We we've seen this happen multiple times. There have been multiple times when the stock is traded. It turned out to be trading at 16 times earnings in 2000, in 2014. And it's one you have to buy. And I used to see this. I would like, I would tell Jen, I be like, what the hell? Me, what the hell. And it's like, Jim, just take a breath, read through the call, come out, talk to us. And then I do. And then I realize, wait a second, robots chat. Self driving cars, check. Code that writes code. Check. Other guys? No, check. I talk about robots. Do we have that tape potentially? Have you seen these robots in China? Guys, have you seen what earlier doing? Because mers is in China. The chancellor, German, sir, Germans visiting in China. And they had a, they showed, I had a show of robots essentially for him. And I just, I don't know. I mean, you saw it. Yes. Whoa, there. There he is watching this presentation. I don't know if your robots can do as cars come in rector whole market. My robots can't do this. You said, who are the okay key? Don't ki, maybe we have robots that man icbms, I don't know. But you know, we've made this point any number of times in terms of the of China. We were talking about China in relation to nvidia not really using the H2 hundred s or not buying them, but their robot production is far above ours right now. They're battery production. Obviously they dominate chl, one of the litsolar panels. You go on from there. There are any number of other bd crushing Tesla in Europe, but not chips. Not chips. But man, those robots obviously just caught our eye. Why is a person runs Germany willing to let the German car market be destroyed? That's a great question. That's a great question. Well, look, I watch that. And do I feel like we are an inferior nation? I think we're inferior nation when it comes to robots. Yeah, there's some discussion about whether optimists can do any of this stuff. There was actually a baron piece yesterday, small firm that says the likelihood of optimists or the Tesla ever delivering meaningful robotic revenue, 15%, 20%, somewhere in there. Well, when I was out at gtc last year, that's the best estival in Devidia. Who stockis in frefall? What I saw were robots that could actually make beds and clean up hospital rooms. David, you can have robot rock cats, or you can have robots who take the place of dull, dirty, dangerous jobs. I guess it would be if you can do that on stage, you can probably make a bed, too. Can you have robots? You can buy that stock and get it back to 200. I don't you mean nvidia? I don't know about that. I mean, and to the point of Tesla, which obviously a lot of its future is based on its ability to produce robots at scale, there is the question, of course, is training those robots and then you know you need to have them trained in the world. And then I think it's Jan Lacoon who's going in that direction as opposed to saying you'll never get to agi with llms. It's interesting. And like so many things involving musk, we just don't know whether Hebe able to deliver on those promises. But many would point to what he's done in the past and say, well, you can't bet against him. And that's why SpaceX has a trillion dollar valuation, 1.25 trillion. Actually, we've rended. I don't know if you've branded Chinese cars, whose names sound very much like, I think we rented something was like a Lincoln. I'll tell you, it was great. Great. Yeah, really great. Well, I'll tell you what stlantes stlantis today, Jim, with its first ever full year loss as they have the heels of these ev write downs. Well, look again, unless you do what the United States does to specifically gate the Chinese cars, I think you run a lot of trouble because the Chinese cars are really Yeah, no, you're not alone at saying that. Obviously, Mr. Farley, who runs forward, was one of the first to say, Whoa, they're great. And we've had many others who say that obviously we don't get that opportunity here and for good reason. One would think because it would potentially you look at me funny, and it is an interesting question, Carl, would you rather have everybody be able to have a 30, zero dollars automobile? That's a great car. Maybe it's ev, which of course this administration doesn't particularly like. Or would you rather make sure our domestic automakers don't go up business? Or if you could be like Canada, maybe you find some ground in the middle, right? Right? Be like Mexico, which says, okay, look, what do you want, Mister President? Because we know that theyget in Mexico, right? Well, that's the worry as well, right? The Chinese manufacturing in Mexico will then, but right now, no Chinese automobiles in America? No. Look, it's both the union and management doesn't want them. I totally get them. We don't want to wipe out gm. Look, Mercedes, really? Bmw. I mean, they just sit there and say, you know what? Bw, let's just get a vicerated. Yes, part of merses visit is getting China to invest in Germany. That's, that's, that's flithrow them a couple of bucks. Hey, Jim, salesforce is up hold. I was right. Well, Yeah, I mean, he's seen, he's seen his calypse. He's seen more than one. This is not his first sapocalypse tape for what he's should. But I would notice salfor sure around. I'm telling you, I knew it because it was so combatively funny. And you know, I remember him to I said, what are you doing? This call itmake it. So it's dipmy because I'm gonna get the clitalking said no one does that said, maybe that's what I have to do. Maybe I have to you maybe I have to have a $50 billion. Maybe I have to increase the dividend. I don't know. But I'm not going down without a fight. Well, Jim, we were looking at charts of the igv today. It could jump 15 points and still not get back to the 50 day. Well, Yeah, that certainly could happen. My chatrust has helped this and we have a meeting tomorrow. And Jeff Marks and I were going back and forth about how tough we should be on ourselves. And until today I was saying, okay, why don't we just say we don't know what we're doing and that we were too close to a company. But I felt that mark is a couple years away from being the big breakout. He look, remember, yes. So he has cannialized. He cannialized tableau, cannialized marketing, canof ce, those are all very, very big. Instead, he goes after viva, he goes after service. Now, and this is an 800 bilknow $800 million business, not billion that he's developing with Asian force. And we're talking about $40 billion. Rip. It doesn't really move needle yet. No, yet. I mean, there was encouragement yesterday as a result of the rebound in workday shares and again, to cause point plus three still I mean, still down 50% of the last twelve months. But the move up and yesterday also was notable. I guess as you see the move down, of course, over the last over the year, but there it is and it's continued. So I don't know, are we going call the end of the of the SaaS pop calypse in the stock market? No. But I will say this, you know, the executive who is back running street know him pro? Yes. And I think that people will take his call and theytake a stop. And he does matter. Management does matter and he says you need season managers. In the meantime, there's probably one calshior, whatever ever will. Nvidia break 190 and what you do is you sell it at 100 9070, sell sell cell. You break it at 190 and you collect. You're not joking, Jim. No, that you're not joking at all. That's exactly what happens. It's a betting thing. You know what I mean? I like baby draft kings is gonna have 190 drifwater have about 185. Do I have 185 once? Do have 185 sold to the man who actually bought it at 185. Well, to your point, Jim, a pan at least has a surprise profit that's up eleven, almost 12%. That is a shot. Yeah, that is a sugar. Hey, hoout Smucker, you know, with the glp dash once I thought they were finished, Mr, your uncrustable favaber. And it turns out no. And you know what's really helped them? A couple Elliot board members. Elelot gets a deal done there. I don't have much on that be guys, I was through this morning. There's another thing I want to get to reporting on that. So I didn't have a chance to check in. All right. Well, rather you tell me. Well, I just think that they came in. They're doing a good job. They're working with mark smoker. Mark was waiting for the turn hoses. Twinky no longer a problem. It's really terrific, right? And nvidia is going to break 190 soon. And I'm gonna clean up because beyou bet on couneli'm. Not alone in stocks, but I'm betting on kno. I don't bet on any of this stuff, but there is probably a 190. But you have the 190 strike bet? Or do you still use option? I stay away from all of that stuff, but give us some. All right. I'll give you paramount is up of 6% because their quarter doesn't appear to have been that bad because they added a good amount of subscribers to paramount plus and they're now at 78.9 million subscribers there. Maybe a beneficiary of their eof, the ufc, for example, which is no longer remember pay per view. I mentioned that. In light, of course, of the fact that we're waiting here for when Warner Brothers board will deem their $31 all cash deal to acquifire the company with all the certainty that they have now provided around that superior to Netflix and what that will mean, because once that is done, the clock will begin for Netflix. It has a four day matching right period. And Ted cerrandos is at the White House today arguing on behalf of this deal. One would imagine if you were doing that, you conceivably were planning on continuing to fight and therefore tried to keep the deal you have in hand by raising your offer. But we don't know. As I reported yesterday to England, I do know as not to read much into the fact that they haven't preempted any of the various things that have happened previously in terms of raising their price. But I wish I had better visibility into that or could share more in terms of reporting. I will tell you that that be no, I mean, maybe thatcome up with Trump but you know, familiar the questions around any truon both deals Warner may have one view. The board certainly paramount believes their ability to get this deal done is far, far easier, they would argue, than Netflix's, which they claim faces a monopoly investigation here in the United States. Will have trouble in Europe as a result of how the streaming market is to find there. Not to mention state aggs here in the United States may be. And obviously, that meeting today in the withouse is important. Me while when I take a look at Warner Brothers, no offense, but I'm not sure why aanybody want to buy this company and they're not going to like that comment. I don't know. Streaming studios is a 4%. Thank you. The studio was strong, but global linear networks revenues down 12%. Adjusted ebitat down 27%. Free cash flow down 40. I not peace guys y's linear wasn't so hot either. No. And by the way, linear is a huge peace guys business. Their studio, they're still trying to reorganize there. I mean, to the points that Warner Brothers board was making about the decline overall in our linear business and yours, paramount, which is what mtv, Nickelodeon bet like they would had every right, I think, to say we worry that you won't be there to close and you got to give us that assurance, which they have. And we want to carve out the performance of our own linear networks. And you can see why now we've gotten projections from them. We all know where they sort of see bitdoug going there. And we've talked a lot about the valuation or lack thereof of a spinoff entity that would be those linear networks, which is part of the Netflix deal. But eke, I haven't looked at verit's up. Yay. See that? Well, it's actually we're going to talk to rich gilphond of imax later on today. Jim. Imax might be the hole in the donut on any kind of theatrical distribution worries, right? Yes, they definitely are punching above their weight. I know gavel used to come. There's stuff. And when you go see it, it I think that the proof in this is that it's fun to watch something in your living room. You have a big 90 inscreen. The only thing that's more fun is imax. And I really believe that I go to imax now. It's kind of, I order a hamburger, I have a beer or maybe something. I know some shot at tequila, and I watch the movie. And it's kind of like better than at home, where my wife doesn't make the nor do I, nor do you guys, you know. Well, actually I'm keeping an eye on fsk, but I want to come back to that later. That's a kkr related entity that's now but I do want to come to an interesting fight that's brewing over Janice henjannis. Yes. And I wanted to on Jim broke us the first time came I mean, then I fed this morning. I said, Oh my God, I hope favor of something I got I got plenty, baby. I got plenty for you. This is an interesting one. A company called Victory Capital has made a fully financed and what they claim, ed, clearly superior offer to buy Janice Henderson. Remember, it is in a deal to be acquired by Nelson pelt's trand and general catalyst and a dollar 49 all cash deal. And you can see Janice Henderson is responding to this. The value of the deal are now from victory, which is a stock and cash deal, 30 bucks a share cash, the remainder in stock point 35. We have all the details for you. We'll give them to you in a minute. Values, there it is, values it at about 57 bucks a share. We'll keep an eye on victory shares. They've been moving up, as have many of the asset managers. Remember the Schroeders deal I reported on a couple of weeks back that was done at a higher multiple. But here the question has been since the proxy came out, guys, people looked at the background of the transaction and they said, wait a second, wait a second. What? There was some some guys who wanted to pay maybe 50 to 52, and did you ever really pursue that and did you call them back? They made six outgoing phone calls. Unclear whether they got any on the other end of the line when they did that. They obviously have a special committee because Nelson pelson try and own 20 plus percent of the company and it's at a higher multiple here. They're benefiting as well from the fact that victory stock prices moved up and they have moved up from what was an indication of 50 to 52 that we saw in the proxy. They didn't name victory then to now this $57 deal, although coming down a bit given they're using their own stock for some of it. And so that will impact the overall value. The deal from Nelson pelts and general catattles trying to requires a two thirds vote. Two thirds of those shares voted have to vote in favor. Now, very hard for victory if they were to get to imagine that, but it's going to be hard for him to get that vote. Even with 20%, it's still going to be hard because you got a lot of risk garbs in this. They read the proxy and they were like, hmm, wonder if somebody else may come. And there was some encouragement for victory to potentially show up. And they have now they are claiming $500 million in cost synergies available to them. And so as often we see, they're saying, well, we're going to be three and a half times levered when we complete the deal. But if you adjust sted for the cost synergies, really it's only like two and a half times levered. And it goes from here, guys. So we're gonna to be watching this one about a $7.4 billion deal. So not small and a real battle. And I don't know what pis gonna to do. I've called their side talk their adhis advisors. I've not really gotten much in terms of what they're going to do, but they clearly know they're probably going to have to do something if they want to own the company or potentially decide to sell to this higher bit. Well, I've got ta tell you, I've felt that the when I first heard her said, Geez, that's a great bargain. That's terrific because I think it's a great I'm a big believer that the individuals coming back and they're trying to figure out where to go back and they've got some well managed funds. And I think people are going to want to be a little more aggressive than the right S&P. Listen, Victory Capital is a smaller company at a market cap than bjanice, but it has grown quickly. And so you know we'll see what the response is. But the multiples at the time were seen as quite low even without the Schroeders deal, which the was deservedly a higher multiple for Schroeders, better quality international. But nonetheless, it got a lot of attention when people read that background of the transaction. The multiples for private equity were really big. And do, David, I love many things you do. I what's happening? He's doing his, he's doing his hooting again. I don't know. It's fine. Let's watch bonds today. Tenyear once again, less than three bips from a three handle. That's despite jobless claims coming in pretty well at 212k may be most important though at the moment we'll keep our eye on nvidia, which I think Jim, back below 190 at 188. So change stay with us now the Cal shi 180 51 not quite done with the big earnings reports of the week. We'll get dl and corweave. There's a look at the charts since the ipo, although 47% off of the highs. No, but in trader, I think tells a terrific story. And the CEO and don't forget Jenson gubought, a ton of that at 40 is why not sell this? Well, maybe it's going to be even bigger than you think, Jim. I never want to digreet these guys because they are the largest company to will. Yes, we'll look forward to that in the morning. For the time being, S&P goes red by about 20 points. Don't go anywhere. Anthropic is a huge partner, as is OpenAI. We, they create incredibly capable models, but the people that are going to succeed are the ones that harness the power of these models and put them into great products. That's what we have done with cortex code. And just internally, we seeing massive reductions in everything from how much time it takes to resolve a support case or how quickly you can generate a new proposal for a customer. Isn't in a bear market anything involved? This software, including a company that can harness data for you and also keep it so it's pure. This company, snowflake and data Brooks, are really the only two in the game. Srda Rama Swamy is the person who just heard this. Stogrowing companies any's growing at 30%. No one seems to care because this part of the people feel it's as part of the software apocalypse and there are bargains. And snowflake, I think, is a very excellent company market. Yeah that got above on product revenue. There was questions about their free cash flow margin decelerating exactly last that 25, down 23. And I thought he explained it pretty well. What I do want people to know is, is that if you're starting a company, you need to use on a consumption base one of these two companies to have your stuff and stoffflake and data breaks. They both have their things that are good, but data breaks is in public. And I think people should go back to snowflake. You'll be busy tonight. I've got into it now, into it as a company that I thought was supposed to be annihilated by, right, David? Yeah. Well, by brthat's, the worst eshere of the year. I have chat to their taxes. I guess I don't know. You can say that now. You can talk to it right with you. Go to your minii mac and say, well, you do my taxes, it comes back and you get a refund within a minute, I guess. Well, you and you can bet on calshino. I think that one's on the other guy. Yeah how quickly you can get the check. How about that, David? What's better on how you can get the person to check? You don't want to do that? That's quite investing stupid. Is that what it is? Yeah, thank you. I got to train him all over the place. We'll see it. Six mad money with the Dow up 192. You've been listening to the opening battle on cnbc's squawk on the street. All opinions expressed by squawk on the street participants are solely their opinions and do not reflect the opinions of cnbc or its parent company or affiliates and may have been previously disseminated by them on television, radio, Internet or another medium. You should not treat any opinion expressed on this podcast as a specific inducement to make a particular investment or follow a particular strategy, but only as an expression of his opinion. Such opinions are based upon information squawk on the street participants consider reliable, but neither cnbc nor its affiliates and or subsidiaries warrant its completeness or accuracy, and it should not be relied upon as such. To view the full squat on the street disclaimer, please visit cnbc dot com slasqustreet disclaimer. Tom, when he says he's going to corporations and lionaiwho it close the Trump property tax lohole costs our state bilons standing with unions to fund schools and single payer guaranteed health care, and hetake on Trump because I've been in enough corporate board ardroto know a crook when I see one and fight to abolish ice. Tom Steyer, progressive for governor. I'm paid for by Steyer for governor, 2026.
