---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: MTCH
title: "Match Group CEO: There's a loneliness epidemic caused by a lack of human connection"
channel: "CNBC Television"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: 6GtHGzv0u0A
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GtHGzv0u0A
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Match Group CEO: There's a loneliness epidemic caused by a lack of human connection

**Channel**: CNBC Television  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GtHGzv0u0A

## Transcript

company sought to bring Tinder back to growth. That app saw a 7% decrease in paying users in the second quarter. We're going to get into all of that. Joining us right now in his first TV interview since taking the helm back in February. Spencer Rascoff is Match Group's CEO. Welcome. It's nice to see you. >> Good to see you, Andrew. Thanks for. >> Having former board member now running the ship. Yeah. So what have what have you learned about dating? >> It's important. It's existential. There's a loneliness epidemic and a mental health crisis globally. And it's driven by the fact that people don't have human connection. And I took this job because match Group is one of the only companies globally that can make a dent in it. And it's important work, and I'm having a great time. >> It's important work. Okay, so. >> Sometimes human interaction can cause the mental issues can it not. Does it always help? Yeah. >> So do you have a portfolio of dating apps. And one of the things I've always been curious about is and look, I'm married, so I don't know. What is the distinction in your mind between the different apps. How do you what's the what's the differences. >> Are two biggest apps are Hinge and Tinder. So hinge is for the intentional dater. The tagline is the app that's designed to be deleted. It's supposed to be your last dating app. Tinder is supposed to be your first dating app. Tinder is for possibilities. You might find your soulmate there. You might find a short term relationship. You might find anywhere in between. And then we have dozens of other what we call affinity apps. Those are apps that serve different user segments, like Archer, which is our app, or her, which is our app, or BLK for black users. And so we've got lots of different apps that serve different user segments. >> Okay. So basically one's a hookup app and one's a marriage app is that is that describe it that way. >> But it's for possibilities and that can be for all sorts of things. Okay. >> Is there is there more growth on the hookup side or on the marriage side? >> Well, they're both huge markets right now. Hinge is growing faster and we're proud of that hinges on the path to be $1 billion business by 20. >> Oh, I was looking at I was looking up sapphic. So what what did what did you just say. There's, there's I said I said is. >> There more growth than the hookup app or is there more growth in the marriage. >> The marriage app? >> Well, Hinge is one of our many marriage apps. Yeah. >> And what does that do? >> Hinge is for the for hopefully you're finding your your long term love. >> Okay. Not already married. No. Okay. Because there's one of those two, isn't there one of those. Isn't there one of there's one. >> That's Ashley Madison, right? >> Yeah. Right now. Yeah, right. Okay. You work with me. I'm married to. Right? For 30 years. >> And in terms of how you grow the business, how much of it is advertising, how much of it is really? It's just a subscription business. It's mostly. >> It's mostly a subscription business. And, you know, that's important because we're trying to drive user outcomes and bringing product innovation and AI focus to drive user outcomes, and users pay for subscription products. >> You just hit on the word I wanted to go to. I yeah, which is how worried are you that people are going to start having relationships with AI instead of humans? >> Not that worried. You know, we're about driving human connection. I think human connection is primal. It's something that everybody seeks and needs. >> To consummate. Andrew. >> I get that. I'm just I mean, one of these is a hookup app. >> You could help yourself. Maybe, but I mean, that is that's a crazy. >> But there's a lot of there's a. >> Lot of come on talk that's way off in the future, isn't it. That's that's like that. Joaquin Phoenix. What was the Joaquin Phoenix? >> Yeah. Or not teenagers. But young adults are spending far more time online than they are out socializing, out dating, out doing anything. >> It is. This is the loneliest generation. It's the most digital generation because they actually need our types of services more than anyone. But Tinder in particular hasn't innovated enough to deliver those user outcomes. That's one of the reasons that I'm so focused on turning around Tinder. We, for example, have a new feature on Tinder, which is a double dating feature which has incredible resonance with Gen. >> Z, somebody from me and my friend. >> Exactly. So Andrew and I, Andrew and I team up and now we're looking at other profiles. We swipe on a pair. Now we're having a four way chat and then. >> It's not so awkward. >> We decide exactly. It's not so awkward right. It's a group hang. That's exactly right. That's. >> Now you have added a whole bunch of AI features though as well. We have. >> So I mean, I goes into everything that we do at match Group. The beating heart of any dating app is the matching algorithm that decides who to show to whom. AI and machine learning power that. But then we use AI to improve the quality of one's profile. So we give real time AI driven feedback. When you're creating a profile. >> Like this. Sounds like BS, be a little more honest. >> Yeah, be a little more honest or be a little more descriptive. So it'll say, you know, what's your favorite meal of the day? And you'll say brunch. And the AI will say, well, tell us a story about a recent brunch you had. And you'll say, it was funny when the waiter spilled, you know, spilled food on me. And then the AI will say, you know, then what did you do next? How did your friends react? And the final output of that is a much more interesting description of yourself, which is which drives more chemistry. As people are consuming that content. We also use it in the chats when if you and I have been paired and now we're communicating and the chat sort of fizzles, we can use AI to help introduce new topics. >> That is how you make money. Is it not a benefit to you for people to hook up to quickly and find somebody and get off the app? >> Yeah, it's that's a that's a good question and a common misperception. We'll take a positive outcome any day. So my brother and sister, for example, who are both 31, just moved in with their significant others that they both met on Hinge at around the same time. They have told hundreds of friends and family that they met their person on Hinge. We'll take that positive word of mouth over the 20 bucks a month that they were paying us any time. >> Spencer, here's the thing I'm worried about is I question. Yeah. Do you remember, I think there was a guy, David Merck or something like that back in like 2012, famously kept a spreadsheet of all the people that he was dating. I think maybe on match actually, or something like that, and was, you know, ranking them. And do you think that people are going to use AI almost as agents on behalf of themselves to go communicate to the person that they are trying to match up with so that like they make the language exactly what they think the other person wants, and then eventually are we both going to have agents talking to each other to figure out whether we match or not? Or is that what you're supposed to do on the back end? >> Yeah, I mean, I don't that's a bit of a dystopian future. I don't think we're headed towards. The way we look at AI is it gets you to the good stuff faster. So, you know, I don't think it'll be my AI talking to your AI, but I do think it'll be my AI helping me. It kind of giving me advice, almost like a trusted friend, right? As I'm connecting with people, which can be difficult and scary for people. So it's not quite as dystopian, but it is AI infused, AI informed. >> Interesting. Spencer, thank you for coming in. >> I need. >> One of. >> Those AI equipped dolls or something. I mean, AI is not going to do it. They're going to make those eventually, I think. Don't you think it's scary? It's. Could you fall in love with AI? Is that don't you need a soul? >> Didn't you see the movie? Her? Yo
