---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: MTCH
title: "Inside Match Group’s Plan to Turn Around Dating Apps (Ft. CFO Steven Bailey)"
channel: "Brew Markets"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: HjhfPMW0Qf4
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HjhfPMW0Qf4
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Inside Match Group’s Plan to Turn Around Dating Apps (Ft. CFO Steven Bailey)

**Channel**: Brew Markets  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HjhfPMW0Qf4

## Transcript

For Friday, February 13th, it's Brew Markets Daily and I'm Anne Bry. Well, we love love here at Brew Marketers and wanted to find a way to celebrate Cupid through a markets lens. And to do that, we landed on digging into match. Well, it may be tough to believe, but the online dating site match.com was launched over 30 years ago. And since then, it's expanded beyond that into a holding company. So, it anchors the holding company Match Group with a roster of brands including Hinge, Tinder, OKCid, and dozens more with the company saying that one in three marriages begin on an app, including, by the way, our own producer John who got hitched last year after finding love online. But the apps fall in and out of favor along with shifts in demographics and social norms, not to mention swipe fatigue and skepticism over the insertion of AI into the matchmaking process. Well, shares of Match Group, but also competitor Bumble have been down significantly from pandemic highs. So, ahead of Valentine's Day weekend, we wanted to figure out what was going on and invited Match Groupoup's chief financial officer, Steve Bailey, onto the show to give us a snapshot of what's new in online dating, which brands now resonate with young people, and where Match is focusing its resources to attract jilted investors back to the stock. That conversation in just a moment, but first, a word from our sponsor, Charles Schwab. Trading at Schwab is powered by Ameritrade, bringing you an expanding library of education with even more ways to sharpen your trading skills. Access new online courses, insightful webcasts, articles, engaging videos, and more. All curated just for traders. >> Plus, guided learning paths with content designed to fit your unique interests. And no sifting to find exactly what you need so you can spend your time learning to trade brilliantly. Learn more at schwab.com/trading. And >> now, my conversation with Steve Bailey, the CFO at Matchgroup. Well, we are delighted to welcome from his Dallas office where uh MatchGroup is headquartered, Steve Bailey, chief financial officer at Matchgroup. Well, just to set the stage here, uh Steve, Match.com is likely a familiar brand to our listeners in its own right. Um but give us some of the other brands that the Match Group owns because there's a lot more going on there than just Match and the other very famous one of course, which is Tinder. >> Right there, we do have a a great portfolio of brands. Tinder is of course the biggest uh the biggest dating app in the world and the vast majority of the value of the company. Um and but we also have another uh brand that's been hugely successful which is Hinge which is the fastest growing uh scale dating app in the world and has done phenomenally well. So u I'd love to share more about that. Um and then we've got many other brands too. We're really um segmented into four business units. Tinder, Hinge, Enie, uh, uh, Enie, which is Evergreen and Emerging, which includes our more long-standing brands like Match.com, which you mentioned, and other more niche dating apps like, uh, our affinity brands, BLK for the black community, Chispa for the Hispanic community. Um, and those are faster growing apps within the E&E business unit. And then we have another business unit, Match Group Asia, which has two brands in it. pairs, the largest dating app uh in Japan, and Azar, which is a onetoone video chat app based in South Korea. So, we've got a great portfolio. >> Well, let's dig into the one that you said is one of the fastest growing within that portfolio, Steve, and that's Hinge. Talk to us about how that brand is positioned versus, for example, a Tinder, which has sort of segmented its place in popular culture as the hookup app. um you can tell me whether that's changing but talk to us about how Hinge is different or similar to some of the others. >> Yeah, we we rolled out we just did an internal um exercise to clarify just that for our employees. Uh I think there's you know the employees want to know how these brands all fit together. Investors and the general public certainly do uh and there sometimes is some confusion. And so uh you know in our latest earnings report you'll see uh what we call the gem which really plots our dating apps on three axes. fun, focused, and familiarity. And so, think of of of Tinder on the fun axis and think of Hinge on the focused axis. And they're really opposites of each other. So, Hinge is for intention dating. You know, the it's the app designed to be deleted. And that's really for the the focus segment. Tinder is, you know, lighter weight, more fun, um, lower pressure. And so, they both do play a really important role in in the market as a whole. And where does match.com sit in that three axis spectrum? I >> it's really it's really at the corner and some of them are at the corner of familiarity and focus. Um and and and that's true for some of our other apps too. >> So what would drive focus like Hinge as opposed to growth and fun like Tinder? What are the different demand dynamics for those two specific brands, Steve? Well, just think of the the the the um you know, hinges slogan designed to be deleted, right? It's meant to get you in a a real meaningful connection and off the app. Uh whereas Tinder could be for a number of different possibilities. It might be for a serious relationship. It might just be for going out and having fun and meeting new people. That's really the difference. And it shows up in the product itself, too. So, think of like the onboarding flow. For example, Hinge takes a long time to fill out a very long profile. That's by design. Uh, you know, there are many photos, there are prompts to answer, whereas whereas Tinder is lightweight, easy, we want to get you on and using the app very quickly. >> So, let's talk about which of those could be successful. And while you're seeing growth at Hinge at the moment, the inevitable question from an investor perspective is can that growth continue if you are designed to be a product that at some point is no longer used by your target customer? And I'm just going to bring up one analogy here. There's another app that was designed to be deleted and paraphrasing didn't use the same tagline and that's Bumble and its share price and its growth has really struggled by embracing this idea that ultimately it wants its users to get off the app. How do you think about that comparison when you think about what the trajectory for Hinge might look like? >> Yeah, first Hinge has been done a phenomenal job. Uh it's on its hair. Um you know 26% revenue growth last year. It'll do mid 20 20% again in 26. Extremely profitable. And it's really always been built around this um focus on user outcomes. And what they uh define as user outcome is really great dates. They track that metric and it's and it and it dictates all their product decisions. So when they're thinking about do we add a payw wall, do we add a feature, uh what the user experience should look like, it it all is through the lens of what leads to more great dates for our users. And that's really been extremely successful for them um in the US, in Europe, uh where they're uh the largest dating app in their European expansion markets. And now they're already the number two dating app in a few of the countries they've entered in South America. And so it's working. And I and and back to your original question. You know, you have to understand this is an episodic business. So that means, you know, just because you're getting off the app and into a relationship and deleting the app, that's great. That doesn't necessarily mean that's going to be your forever relationship. We all know uh in life that these relationships don't always work out. And so really the the LTV or the lifetime value of a user is not in that first subscription or interaction with the app. It's in your likelihood to come back and use the app again when your life situation changes. And by the way, tell your friends that you had success on the app, which drives that word of mouth flywheel. That's that's the business model. >> Well, we're chatting right before Valentine's Day, Steve, and I'm I'm wearing and not everyone can see, but those listening, I'm wearing a bright pink scarf to celebrate that and for this conversation. So let's talk about what you just said which is ultimately Hinge and others are planning for the day that folks come back for a second episode perhaps of dating that the relationship that they're in is is possibly not forever. How do you monetize at different points in somebody's lifetime dating cycle? >> Right. Well, first of all, uh you got to you got to remember most of these apps are a premium business model, >> right? So for Tinder and Hinge, you can use the app for free and most people do. Only something like 20% of our users actually pay. And there's really two ways they pay. The vast majority of our revenue is subscription. Uh and then we also have alle cart features which are more impulse buys, boost yourself, um or you know, one-time purchases. And really what we're, you know, um, what we're trying to do is get you in the app, uh, get you, uh, you know, matching and and and generating outcomes and meaningful connections and then give you the value proposition that says if you want to enhance your experience, if you want to see who likes you or if you want to be able to send more likes, if you really are serious about using our apps, then, you know, the subscription package is is well worth the money. And think about it from a a value perspective. You know, on average, our apps uh cost, you know, $20 a month. And that is just a phenomenal value if it leads to a real meaningful outcome to you. Um and that's true b on your first session with us and when you come back and uh reactivate or resubscribe. >> We did some think looking at your earnings results recently. Uh Steve, last quarter, your paid user number came in at 13.8 million. it was down about 768,000 uh year-over-year. Talk to me about where you're seeing perhaps some attrition from paid users and that off being offset yes by more free users but why are your paid subscribers going away? >> Yeah, it's really a different story across the portfolio. So for Hinge for example, paid users are growing and doing phenomenally well growing something like 18% last year in 2025 and we expect that to continue um that you know that but whereas Tinder on the other hand is where you've seen some payer loss and that's been the case the last couple years and really the the reason for that is whereas Hinge has really done a great job innovating around user outcomes >> uh Tinder has hasn't really evolved to meet the needs of really Gen Z or today's daters. And so, um, you know, Tinder, phenomenal app, still the biggest in the world, uh, hasn't kept up with the changing taste of Gen Z, which is different than what millennials were looking for in a dating app when Tinder was, you know, all the rage. And so, what we've done is um, a couple things. one, you know, instead of focusing really on monetizing a shrinking user base at Tinder, we've said that's not a long-term strategy. The strategy is to return Tinder back to user growth, MAU growth, which will then lead to payer growth and revenue growth over the next couple years. So, we're in the midst of that. That's the Tinder turnaround that we're in the midst of and we're making good progress, but that's the strategy. So, Steve, you just said that Tinder hadn't kept up kept up with the difference in tastes and preferences of Gen Z when it comes to dating. What specifically are Gen Z looking for? What is it they want from their dating app? >> Yeah, they're looking for a few things. They're looking for lower pressure ways to connect. >> They don't like, you know, the the the Tinder of the old. Um, they're looking >> What does the Tinder of the old mean? >> Well, they don't they don't like the endless swiping. uh and and they they want more optionality. They want to see where things go a little bit more. And let me give you a great example to put this in context. Um one way to address that is a new feature we have on Tinder called double date. I don't know if you've seen this, but in the card stack, you probably know how Tinder works. Um we now have a feature called double date where you pair up with a friend and you swipe on other pairs and then if you can if you match, you go out on essentially a group date. That's exactly what they're looking for. That it's lower pressure, it's perceived to be safer, it's more of a group setting. Let's see where this goes. That's a great example what they're looking for. Um and then there's two other things really that um they're not happy with and and that is uh you know, dating fatigue. It's just too hard to get on to get out on a on a great date uh in many cases. So they're they're tired of the swiping um and they want better outcomes, right? They want to see if I'm going to use this app, if I'm going to invest my time, if I'm going to pay a subscription, I want it to work. >> And and when you say they want better outcomes, the group hang makes sense to me. They're fatigued by constant swiping. So, what else is Tinder going to do to get them to stop swiping as much but still engage with Tinder more, >> right? Another great uh product feature we're testing right now is a is a a feature called chemistry uh which is in a small test uh within our project Aurora we talked about on the call. It's a test isolated to Australia. That's a really interesting idea. That's an AIdriven feat matching feature that sits on a different tab off of this core swipe mechanic and it's a curated think think about it as one or two drops of a highly curated match for you to select from. And the reason that it's more curated is because you go through a lightweight back and forth with AI to so it can learn a little bit more about you. It then uses that into the algorithms it that feeds the matching. Um, and then it also does a second thing that's really interesting. It gets access to your camera wall with your permission and it goes through your photos to glean insights about you because one thing users have a a difficult time doing is talking about themselves. Um, and really how do I make my profile stand out? But if you go through, you know, my photos, you'll know I love, you know, I'm a dog person. I love to travel. I like to cook. it can it can take those insights out of your camera roll feed them back to you and then help that in the matching algorithm too. So that's just one example to of the way we're evolving Tinder to meet the needs of of Gen Z. >> Well Match I saw has allocated a $60 million budget for AI Steve. So it's it's exciting to hear you bring that to life for this kind of specific example. What kind of ROI would you target on a budget like that? or are you at this point as so many other companies are which is they don't necessarily know what the RO ROI is. They know they just need to be investing in AI because it's becoming table stakes to use it somehow in the business. >> Well, I'd say a couple things. One, um the $60 million budget is for really product innovation >> and that can be AI or it can be just just, you know, table stakes innovation. Double date is not an AI feature, right? that that would you or um better algorithms that optimize for outcomes over short-term monetization. That's all really part of the $60 million budget. And the idea is to build a be better product experience even if it hurts revenue in the short term to build longer term sustainable revenue growth through through improved user trends. Um, and that's really the goal of that budget is to get Tinder back to improving MAU trends throughout 2026 and then growth headed into 2027. That's really the way we're thinking about it. >> Can we talk a bit, Steve, about the role that trust plays in all of this? And there's different components to that that I wanted to touch on. Um, [snorts] it's fun. When we were sort of brainstorming before uh we started to film you and I Steve I was talking with the team here and somebody raised the question well is it the case that if you got a premium model but a subscription model that the users that are paying up are going to get paired with the more interesting or the higher potential dates. Do you get that feedback directly from your consumers who perhaps are not um who are suspicious that the free uh service can live up to what the subscribed service can? >> Yeah, we we do get um we hear about that uh and there is some suspicion there from time to time. It's not the case. Uh I mean again because we're an organic based business, most of Tinder's users and registrations come organically. It's it's not through direct marketing spend. The same is true for Hinge. It's an organic business. So, you know, we it's it's critically important to the company to make sure the 80% of uh of the users that are using the apps for free are also having a good experience or the business model wouldn't work. So, we're not in we're not in that business. really really the business model is if you want to accelerate, expedite or get all the bells and whistles, you can pay. But we're optimizing uh for the free user experience just as much as we are for the paid, if not more, because that's the experience of most of our users. >> You hit on something that's more broadly interesting as well when you said that Gen Z are looking for something different and trying to keep up. We're trying to figure out what that different might look like and then trying to keep up with it is an important part of your strategy. The Wall Street Journal just posted an article recently about a new dating service called Date Drop. And this is a pretty interesting story. It was developed by a student at Stanford to use an algorithm to match students. So that's within a very specific population after they answer 66 questions about their values, their lifestyle, their political views. You said that for Hinge there's similarly a pretty in-depth questionnaire that users need to uh complete. But the reason I bring this up is micro markets, smaller uh dating apps or smaller dating solutions seem to be popping up. And my question for you is what you've described is a set of very interesting product innovations that can be rolled out broadly, but how are you thinking about maybe localization and maybe microloization to try to pick up adoption steam? >> Yeah, I think I I read that article, so I'm very familiar. Um, a couple things. One, there is a uh need or a want from Gen Z to do more IRL, more in real life connections. >> Yeah. >> Off the apps faster and into the real world, which is a bit of this product experience, I think. Um, and so that is going to get folded into the Tinder product roadmap, too. Um in terms of localization, look, Tinder's in 160 countries worldwide and that's a huge opportunity. Uh what made them so successful so quickly is that the product experience is pretty simple, right? So you so it you know it's you know you can understand the product dynamics in the US or Asia because it's simple. Um and that has got them to where they are today. But we do see localization particularly on the on a on an international scale as a big opportunity to unlock further growth because the the the nuances are different. Hinge on the other hand has taken a slower approach to global rollout because it's a it's a little bit more complicated of a product. Think about prompts and feedback. You know, we're giving you a question and you're answering it. The prompt in the US doesn't always apply if just translated into French, right? for the French population just culturally. And so they've been very slow and methodical to go country by country and really localize both the product experience and the marketing to get that just right and they've been hugely successful. Um you know this app is taking it a step further and localizing it to you know a city or a school population. Um we do have um something tangential to that which is um colleges a a mode within Tinder called college mode that allows you to connect with just those students at your university and there's some really cool product features within it. So it's a way to filter the swipe experience just for your college. That's that's a that's a way we're sort of um tackling what is a really um you know interesting use case and an important one for Tinder, which is the college experience. So, you spent a lot of time focusing on Hinge and Tinder, right? A lot of the stories that you've just shared with us focus on those two particular brands, but you do have dozens of others like Catholic people meet, divorce people meet. You talked about an app that's focusing on the Hispanic community. Is your strategy to keep those as distinct brands or is your idea to at some point migrate those users over to one of the two brands that you keep talking about but to basically have the ability to sort for different communities within the two bigger apps over time. >> Uh what we're doing is something in the middle I would say. Um just remember the most dating app users use three or four dating apps at the same time. That's the average. And so they're not on just one app, they're really on multiple apps. And so, um, cross-selling becomes an interesting mechanism for us. And we're starting to do more of it, which is, you know, show, you know, a a BLK user an ad for for Tinder within the product experience, a one-click transfer, fill out your profile, and now you're both on, you know, BLK and Tinder at the same time. that's more of the use case and and a great way for us to improve the user experience and monetize better. Um so so that's something we're we're doing more and more of today. Um the other thing I would say is um you know these largecale dating apps have done so well Tinder and Hinge because liquidity matters right the more liquidity you have the better the product experience the more people you have to meet. Um, and the the smaller apps sometimes struggle to reach that reach that level. So, we see that a lot with startups. It's the cold start problem, right? I can't give you a good experience until I get big enough to have, you know, you meeting an endless number of people in your area that you're willing to date. Um, so, you know, that's a competitive advantage for us. What we've been doing is we've been buying from an M&A strategy smaller niche dating apps, struggling with that cold start problem and also struggling with keeping up with all the cost around trust and safety and regulatory feedback which is getting more and more complex and we're bringing them into what is a consolidated tech platform within E&. So this is a really interesting idea. We've consolidated all those E& brands onto one tech backbone. Um they have a they have a unique front end but a shared tech background uh backbone and what they what we do there is that reduces costs uh we can spread the cost of things like trust and safety and we could do a lot of these cross-ell mechanisms a lot better. >> Let's talk about how all of this innovation translate Steve into your financial results. You recently uh we saw released your Q4 results for 2025 as well as your full year 2025 um performance into that. And just to hit the headlines, your total revenue came in flat year-over-year, $3.5 billion dollars. That was for the full year 2025. Your adjusted EBIT DAR, which is a measure of profit, declined 1%. Um although you did, you know, have healthy pretty healthy margins of 35% on an EBIT DAR basis. Your CEO has said that Match Group is in year one of a three-year repositioning strategy. What are the pillars left for years two and three, Steve? and how can we expect that to translate into 2026 performance? Yeah, we really laid out we didn't so much time cap it year one year year two year three but we did lay out a threepart turnaround mainly for Tinder and for the company as a whole the reset phase the revitalization phase and the re resurgence phase and we're we're in that second phase that is true the revitalization phase so let me just tell you you know what that means the reset phase is really around culture uh driving a culture of accountability it's around cost. You know, we did a reorganization. Uh we've had a lot of success um in alternative payments. Um and then we're taking those savings and putting them back into Tinder and Hinge marketing and and product uh investments. The that that is sort of behind us and we've done a great job there and everybody's rowing in the right direction and there's tremend tremendous momentum. Now we're in the second stage which is that revitalization stage that's all about product and product innovation. So I would say we're sort of squarely in the middle of that and that has a lot to do with the work we're doing at Tinder, Project Aurora, uh features like chemistry and double date that we've talked about. That's the get Tinder back to to user growth. And so our plan in 2026 is to reduce the declines in MAU to reduce the declines in payers um so that in 27 we'll get back to that resurgence with our audience uh and with the category as a whole which means sustainable user and revenue growth from that point forward. I'm curious, Steve, when there's a reflection, when you're in your internal strategy meetings, right, and there's a period of self-reflection and we say, "How do we get here and learn from that in order to figure out how we move forward?" Is there any conversation around maybe we did this to ourselves, right? We we gified dating to the point where we fatigued our own user base or do you think this is an industry-wide and generational issue? Um, again, there are others out there. I'm just going to point to your share. your share price is down over 80% in the last 5 years. Um, [snorts] you're not alone in terms of the dating industry and people have said it's because it's too expensive for people to date. It's been inflation related. You've talked about generational preferences, but [snorts] the dating industry broadly, do you do you talk to all the folks in the space and say we as an industry have to figure out how to change our fundamental behaviors otherwise we risk exhausting our consumer base? Again, >> I think look, I do think we did do it to ourselves. I I think um and and why was a focus on monetization uh as opposed to a focus on really outcomes driving long-term revenue growth. And so I do think that was a misstep. I think um there was also a lack of focus just around product innovation. Uh we didn't we didn't clear enough of the roadmap space towards innovation. it was too focused on monetization. And that's something that Spencer, the CEO, has come in and done a great job of flipping the script on. We're we're we're out of that game now. We've we've we've realized that was a misstep. That's where the $60 million uh you know, user give back budget comes from. That's where, you know, we're willing to take some some some reduced monetization um in in order to get the user trends back and really to build a better product for our users to get them out on great dates. That's the endgame. And if we can do that, you know, we think the category will respond. What we know is Gen Z is lonier than ever. They want to get into meaningful relationships. That's clear. They say that. And they're used to using technology in all their aspects of their life. And so, um, you know, what we need to do is build a product they want to use. Hinge has done that. And you see the success growing users. They're growing with Gen Z. Tinder needs to catch up so that we have two apps that are resonating with Gen Z. one in that fund space and one in that focus space and then that's what gets the category back to growth and I do agree with you we're in a way rooting for you know our competitors because this is a category wide problem category innovation is good if someone comes up with a better idea if someone can use AI and by the way I think of AI as what the smartphone was back in 2020 2012 that Tinder took advantage of to really rethink a whole new product experience AI can be that techn technological unlock we've been waiting for and you know that's great. We're we're inquisitive from an M&A perspective. Um but we really need the category to um you know innovate. Hinge has done it well. The others haven't as much. >> And here's my last question for you Steve before we all head into our Valentine's weekends. Um you just you said it over the course of this conversation that not just Gen Z but everyone's looking for more IRL right they're looking for more real life experiences. So on the one hand at Match Groupoup you're using more AI. Is there a world in which we see Match Group morph into becoming the world's biggest eventsbased business? Are we going to see you guys move more into organizing events, creating the actual spaces and places that folks will go to for their dates? >> Well, look, we're we're brainstorming lots of ideas in this area and we've we've got a long list that we're thinking through. Um, you know, the the most uh salient product feature that's coming out soon is direct to date feature that Hinge is rolling out. So, right now we're really focused on digital ways to get you off the app in in real life connecting faster, less chatting back and forth and getting out on a real date. Um, that could expand to more in real life. Maybe partnerships would be a next good step before building out a real sort of, you know, IRL brickandmortar type experience, which is a little bit different. Profitability is different. This it's harder to scale. So, I think um inapp experiences that get you in real life faster and partnerships is probably the next step we'll go to. Steve Bailey, CFO of Match. First of all, thank you for joining us, but also shout out to you because often I talk to a lot of members of the seauite and to have a chief financial officer who's deep in the numbers, but also is able to cover the breadth of things we've talked about from product to marketing that sits outside your sort of square lane of of financials. It's it's great to be able to get that breadth of perspective from you. So, thank you very much. Come back. We want to hear how it's appreciated. It's been great. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. Well, huge thanks to Steve Bailey for joining us. The markets are wrapping up for the week. So, we're going to dig in, John, and see if anything caught your eye. >> Yes, absolutely. I'm taking advantage of the long weekend to visit my mother, and this story is for her specifically. On Tuesday, the Vatican Bank launched two equity indices tracking stocks that align with Catholic values, its first foray into thematic investment products. The bank, which reports to the committee of cardinals and the pope, said Tuesday in a statement that the indices will include 50 medium and large cap firms deemed to be consistent with Catholic ethical criteria. This rollup opens up the possibility the indices could be licensed for use in an ETF. >> Okay, so John, I I couldn't help myself. I naturally can't help myself when I see a headline like this one. I have to go beyond the headlines and figure out what's going on. So, this uh new product was launched in partnership with Morning Star. So, I went to Morning Star's website. I pulled up the Morning Star indexes and I found, you know, one of them uh which is the Morning Star US Catholic Principles um index and I clicked on because I wanted to know what some of these top 50 what the 50 holdings could be and I just want to read out again I've got in in front of me uh some of the top holdings. The biggest holding is Meta. The next are Amazon, Nvidia, Tesla, Apple, JP Morgan, Chase, Broadcom, Visa, Micron, and then Alphabet. So, I got to tell you, when it's meant to be an index that's put together in line with Catholic principles, I don't know what was excluded or or included, but I got to tell you that to me looks like a fairly broad-based set of tech holdings. >> I was surprised at those uh at that list. Um, all my years of Catholic education, I would have guessed maybe something more in a a wafer stock or a wine stock or >> Interesting. >> These are just things that practically >> Yeah, but it was hard to know what to It's interesting you say that because I didn't know what to expect. I didn't have a preconception as to what a stock that could be involved in included in this could be. I guess I didn't expect it to be such a glaring set of sort of tech stocks. Um, so I I don't know. I'm going to keep watching this. I'm actually legit, excuse me, legitimately fascinated by this and I'm actually going to try and see if we can get someone to come on to talk about this from Morning Star or elsewhere. I really want to know. >> I'm trying to make light of it. I'm I'm very interested. >> Yeah, I am too. No, I think it's great because I think this actually could just be the start because we have seen um companies enable investors to put together their own individual index equivalents. We public for example, we've we've talked about that company. It's private before they've done it. So if folks are going to put indexes out there that are ready made for deemed certain demographics, I certainly want to know more about them. They're not going away. Well, that's it for today's Brew Markets Daily. >> Brew Markets Daily is hosted by Am Barry and produced by John Cau. Tar Bellif and Emily Miller. Our technical director is Euchenogu and Jim Orzo is our audio engineer. Booking by AB Silver and the president of Morning Brew Inc. is Devon Emory. If you have any feedback or a company you'd like us to cover, leave a comment or send an email to brew marketshow@ morningbrew.com. >> Have a brilliant weekend everyone. The markets are closed for Monday for President's Day. So, we're going to see you back here instead on Tuesday. Same time, same place. Have a good one. For those of you with a break, [music]
