---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: TTWO
title: "One Stock To Buy To Get Rich Off GTA 6 Major Delays | TTWO Updates"
channel: "Passive Income Investor"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: 7JSASwmav7M
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JSASwmav7M
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# One Stock To Buy To Get Rich Off GTA 6 Major Delays | TTWO Updates

**Channel**: Passive Income Investor  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JSASwmav7M

## Transcript

Good day, folks. So, we need to talk about my plans to get rich with GTA 6, the parent company, Take 2 Interactive, which just recently announced another crazy delay, pushing the game out for the third time now till November of next year. And to the OGs following the channel, we have been successfully trading this, not making crazy gains, but still locking in 12 14% gains, buying this back after the quarterly earnings here, and then selling out of it in the 240 range and just kind of waiting for the anticipation of getting closer to the game release. And I want to talk about my concerns with the game itself, how I still plan on trading the stock and when I'll likely get back into it, and just my thoughts around things. Most people aren't talking about like the crazy protests going on outside of Take 2 Interactive. So, if you're on a path to financial independence, if you're as big of a gaming nerd as I am, and you love talking about this stuff and looking at the stock, consider hitting that subscribe button, folks, because I mean, we all know this is an incredible piece of media. It costs more than the Burj Khalifa, guys. It's taken longer to build than the Burj Khalifa and I mean it's broken YouTube records a year ago when they came out with the first trailer that now is sitting at 268 million views actually outpacing Mr. Beast's videos. So we know that this is going to shake up the entire economy. People are likely going to take time off work, school, they're going to want to play this, but I don't expect the game to be as incredible as I think I initially did. And I want to explain to you why. But first, I want to talk about this new business model that exists about overpromise and underdel and why companies continually do this in this day and age. Even though I feel like it should be illegal, there was a time with Steve Jobs when the first iPhone released or any Apple product was released. And they'd be working in their bat cave quietly, not saying anything to anybody. They'd fire you if you even had a hint of mentioning something. And then once this beautiful product was ready, they would announce it and say, "Hey guys, guess what? this is already for pre-order and we're going to ship it next month. That is the way we used to live. Like that was the way products and things used to be pronounced. But now we live in a world where we're going to announce something long before it's ready. It's going to take way longer than we told you it's going to take. And by the time it's ready, you're probably not going to care as much and it's going to be under the excitement is just going to die because there's no way we can deliver it, you know, later with the same metrics or values we promised. Tesla is famous for this. I mean, we've seen it with the Cybert truck, which flopped fantastically, building up production to make like a hundred thousand of those a year, and they're really not even selling like 10, they're selling way less than like 10,000 a quarter right now, even though they were supposed to have unlimited demand, right? Because they just couldn't deliver on their promises. Look at the Roadster, seven and a half, eight years deep into one of the supercars of the world that we don't even know if it exists anymore, right? Like Sam Alman from OpenAI cancelled his order recently, stirring the pot with Elon. And something really bothers me about this middle business model, but it's just a state of capitalism. Why do companies do it? We've even seen it recently with robots. Another company announced you can pre-order a freaking robot for like 20 or 30 grand that won't be ready for a year that has to be remote operated. Like again, guys, it's going to be a huge flopping disappointment. And companies do it for one reason, guys. Capital raising. uh because if we can promise a product that doesn't exist, you're going to give us all your money and we're going to be able to invest it in our business, right, and keep things afloat because if you look at the profitability of Take Interactive and their net margins are minus 77%. So the way these companies do things and you see it in the stock, right? So we announced GTA 6 trailer, stock goes bananas, you know, the stock goes up like a huge amount, right? So what they do is they dilute us as shareholders. For those that aren't aware, what a lot of companies will do, and if we actually just take a look at the shares outstanding, guys, on the last quarter here, they actually diluted us by 5.23%. Which is a lot. That is not a small chunk, which just basically means if you bought the stock and you own this much PI, now you own just a little bit less because they're adding more shares to the open market, which they take that capital as raised capital to invest in the business. Right? Take two interactive fundamentally is a stock I would never own. It is not a fundamental play. It is going to be a hype and a momentum play. And I just want to make that ever prevalent because it's why I can't hold the stock today, guys, because we know the company has just been hyping the crap out of this game so they can pump the stock to raise capital. But why is the game continually delayed? Because it should be out right now. And the reason it's not out right now, guys, I think is far more deeper ingrained in the culture of employment than perhaps I I'll give you two reasons. Firstly, if you're in the forums, if you're on Reddit, you're probably seeing headlines like this, like protests are taking place outside Take 2 Interactives headquarters. Uh, basically his staff uh have been fired for denying like basically leaked secrets of the game, but they're not like leaking secrets of the game, though. We've heard stuff like that. It's more or less because they've been talking to other employees about basically the the terrible work practices going on at the company right now. Like, there were 100 plus people apparently outside and they've been like firing 30 plus people. like they've been firing people left, right, and center during the biggest release in their entire history. You that that is not something you want to see, guys. The game was supposed to come out, but instead we're delaying it and we fired like 30 plus people and now there's massive protests going on outside. So, I think there's clearly something going on internally that is much more deeply rot like something deeply rotten going on that is also a part of this. Also, I think there's something going on with AI and the advancement in just compute that is making the game a little bit more conser because I mean if you started building this game like say 5 years ago, right? Look at how far technology has come in the last 5 years and I think there's something else going on here where they're just trying to make it as resilient as humanly possible. They might be integrating some of these new software upgrades and a lot of this stuff, right? But if we just read into this recent article here, when Grand Theft Auto 6 was delayed on Thursday, the famous quote from the series perfectly captured the feeling of many video game fans. Resignation and frustration deja vu. It's the second time maker Rockstar Games has told players they'll have to wait even longer for what is likely to be one of the biggest entertainment releases ever. And we know it will be, right? They'll probably charge over a hundred bucks, you know, for the game. And and we're going to do the math and just show you why I'm still planning on buying u you know, the stock. The notoriously perfectionist developer has a history of holding on to its blockbusters until it's happy with them. So, the news wasn't a complete surprise. I mean, there's it's a living meme at this point, right? The timeline. Rockstar Game officially confirmed it was working on GTA 6 in February of 2022 and an initial trailer released 18 months later. It is also revealed that the game features two proh protagonists. We've seen the trailer. Rockstar later announced that the game has been pushed back to May and now we know it's out till November. Um, and if we scroll down here and just get an understanding from basically whatever BBC is telling us for the delay, uh, even grant that the auto is not immune to some factors that affect any company making a modern block blockbuster video game. Development has become more expensive, more complex, and the gap between big releases has been widening. But there has been some challenges unique to Rockstar. The hype. Both GTA 6 trailers have smashed YouTube viewership records and it's regularly top list of public's most anticipated games, most anticipated piece of media ever. Strauss, the boss of Rockstar uh parent company Take to Interactive, has said to each new release from the developer needs to wow players. Rockstar is known for breaking new grounds with its games and its latest big release. The western adventure Red Dead Redemption 2 crushed it. We know it did. It is widely considered uh you know to be a benchmark for the open world video games due to its in-depth and obsessive attention to detail. Despite coming out in 2018, the studio's impressive track record is attributed to famously high standards, which in turn creates even higher expectations for the game, maintaining its rep, something Rockstar appears to take seriously both with, you know, Red Dead 2 and the 2013 GTA 5, which, let's be real, GTA 5 is still to this day one of the most played games. like it it has some fundamental like groundbreaking realities to it that just it captured you know the hearts and and you know imaginations of viewers around the world but GTA 5 is the second bestselling game of all time and continues to rack up sales 13 years later right however you know something again take 2 said that this week that it has been expected to decline in GTA online numbers so they are starting to see I think you know people getting exhausted cuz they don't want to keep putting money into the same game when they know the new ones coming out and I feel like we're starting to get to this point of not only players exhaustion but just meme exhaustion and I you know I don't think this has anything more to do when than other upgrading AI overworking employees like there's just so much toxicness going on around this company right now and even on the back of their incredible earnings right like I mean they did 6 point like they've changed guidance so their net bookings for fiscal 2026 are expected in the range of 6.4 4 to 6.5 billion. I I mean they are growing revenue, right? Like if you take a look at this chart here again, guys, the revenue looks pretty good. Uh again, it's going up, right? I just don't want revenue increasing on the back of dilution because it just goes to show that they're just spending all their damn money and they continue to spend more and sync an ungodly amount. But my anticipation continues to remain the same. I think leading up and I told you guys I wanted to wait till next year to buy back into the stock because I want to buy it like preemptively a few months before the release. I don't want to have the economic concerns because if we go into a black swan event, if a geopolitical event happens, it could tank the stock market and take to interact. It could tank with it. I don't want to hold that risk until next November. I'd rather just wait. And I don't care if the stock rallies a bit because I'm anticipating that they're still going to charge over $100 for this game. I think they're going to end up still probably selling somewhere, if I had to guess, between 50 to 100 million copies. I wouldn't be surprised in the first month. Again, I'm I'm way above where analysts are expecting. I really think it's going to just produce, you know, if their revenues right now are 5 to6 billion annually, I think they're going to end up doing 15 to 20 billion just because of this game. But I'm not going to hold it to the release of earnings. I just want to hold it for the period 3 months leading up to the game release because everyone in their grandmother's going to start talking about it. All media is going to talk about it and that's when people are going to flock to it and people tend to come pretty late to the game and I think it can make probably another a decent chunk. I I expect this stock to be still worth somewhere between reasonably 60 to 80 billion, but I wouldn't be surprised if it runs up to 100 billion. Um, and it could easily still double our money from here. Again, that depends on how much the stock rallies getting closer to that November date. Again, I'm probably going to look to be buying back into it maybe around summer of next year. But regardless, we just have to wait and see, guys, cuz again, the toxic behavior around the company right now, the protesting, a lot of investors are not talking about that. But I think there's that could cause some issues that I just can't afford to be in the stock and and wait with that kind of risk. Um, so all we can do here is sit and wait, guys, and just hope for the best. But I still think the game is going to overpromise and underdel at this point. We live in a world where like our pres the president of the United States like it's just a meme in it's just an insane like meme joke. Like I I everything about the reality we live in today. I don't know how you can be an edgelord anymore because that's what GTA was. It was an edge lord game. It was just wild. Like you remember how many parents the news around it, people freaking about their kids playing these games. But now I think in this nuanced world we live in where life feels like some kind of exaggerated video game. I don't know if they're going to be able to deliver on like the exciting storylines and character development that they've had in the past. Sure, they might be able to, but again, I'm not going to hold the stock in the game release itself. I just want to play that hype, right? I don't want the risk of finding out the game disappoints. And again, I don't want to preemptively hold it knowing that the game could still get delayed and all these protests going on in between, right? So, like I said, I'm kind of disappointed as a game, a big gaming fan. Like, I really feel like we need a good game and this is going to excite players and it's going to lead to that hype, but I just don't know if they're going to deliver on it, guys. You know, I want to believe they can, but when you look at what's going on internally, it does not give me strong hope. But I'll pass that question off to you. I'd love to know what you think about the company. If you're holding it right now, if you're comfortable holding it, and if you're going to play it along with me uh later down the road here, let me know in that comment section below. But as always, I look forward to catching you in the next
