---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: TTWO
title: "Is Take-Two Interactive Stock Worth the Hype? A Deep Dive"
channel: "The Motley Fool"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: RTQzyZS79VQ
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTQzyZS79VQ
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Is Take-Two Interactive Stock Worth the Hype? A Deep Dive

**Channel**: The Motley Fool  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTQzyZS79VQ

## Transcript

[Music] Welcome to the latest Mly Fool scoreboard. I'm on in Chavaloo and we've got longtime fools Toby Bordalon and Rick Manares giving a 1 to 10 rating to the company behind video games like Grand Theft Auto and the one my kids are playing as of last night even NBA 2K. That's Take 2 interactive software. Ticker symbol TTWO. First, we'll talk about the strength of Take 2's business, including factors like industry and competition. A 10 is Invincible. A one is Hopeless. Both of you are at sevens, Rick. Yeah. So, Red Dead Redemption, Grand Theft Auto, Borderlands. These aren't old Clinton Eastwood movies. These are some of the games, the iconic game video games that franchises that video game publisher Take Interactive puts out. The titles may seem cinematic, uh, but it adds up. Uh some of the country's biggest video games wind up grossing more uh than even a studio blockbuster. Uh video games are a big business, but I'm giving Take 2 a second take because it can take sometimes too long between releases. Uh Grand Theft Auto 6 is finally coming out this year hopefully. Um but it's been in development since 2014. Uh Grand Theft Auto 5 came out 12 years ago. It uh it does have its 2K sports and and sports entertainment releases and some and that come out consistently in shorter time frames, but take two to Grand Auto Theft Auto Know better. Yeah, seven for me too. Uh very competitive market, but Take 2 has some very successful franchises with global fame fan fan bases here. Uh the acquisition of Zingga too gives them a big presence in the mobile gaming space uh which is helpful uh to you know buy their time between these big releases. And as Rick noted, the highly anticipated release of Grand Theft Auto 6 uh later this year, we hope later this year should be a big boost to revenue. And in fact, uh, I've been reading things that other publishers are are really trying not to put anything up against it because they're so concerned with with how big a seller it's expected to be. Uh, Civ 7, too. Civilization 7 was released just back in February. Reviews for that are a little bit mixed, so you kind of wonder uh if they're going to show in this next generation of sequels the same power they had before, but uh but overall pretty good. So, seven for management. A 10 is Warren Buffett, a one is Homer Simpson, Toby's at a six. Rick, you're at a seven. Yeah. So, it's been 17 years since Electronic Arts uh was offering to take to buy Take Two to Take Two Take Two out uh for $26 a share. Uh current CEO Strauss Zelnick, he was the Take 2's board chairman at the time. He would be bumped up to CEO three years later. Um I felt that Take Two made the wrong decision at the time, but Take Two is a sevenbagger uh off that rejected buyout price 17 years ago. So, Zelink sort of had a point of staying independent. Um he was uh already an accomplished entertainment uh player as CEO of of music giant BMG uh before launching zone Zelnik media company. Uh Take 2's management is far from perfect. And not just the game delays. Uh that's just the game delays seem to be like a default setting for the company. Four years ago, it put out a remastered Grand Theft Auto trilogy that was blasted by players uh for gameplay glitches. I also think Take2 Interactive overpaid uh when it acquired mobile gaming app uh developer Zinga Games uh in a $ 122.7 billion deal three years ago. Um that's my take. Yeah, I've been a six here. I'm actually surprised Rick Rick went to seven g given his his his comments here. Um but uh you know Mr. Zelix led the company for 14 years, right? He was responsible for that Zing acquisition. He's been a big part of transforming the company uh into a modern uh gaming company. One of the few independent ones left, I think. Uh so so kudos to them for that. The team's proven and knows how to deliver hits for sure. I do wonder uh you know for you know all the things Rick mentioned with delays and whatnot uh and some of the glitches they've had if the complexity of the modern mega hit game is starting to take its toll on this business. Uh Grand Theft Auto 6 has had some issues uh over its development with a much publicized leak back in 2022. There are constant rumors of a delay there. Um labor issues are a potential concern too. Not I mean the whole gaming industry, but you you wonder how that might start impacting Take Two. For financials, a 10 is a fortress, a one is yikes. Toby, you're at a five. Rick, you're at a four. Yeah. So So Take 2 is going to have a great year once Grand Theft Auto 6 comes out. It needs it. Uh revenue has been flat in three of the last four years. The story gets worse elsewhere. Uh this should be a high margin business, but Take 2 has posted an operating loss of roughly $500 million in each of the last three years. It has substantial asset writedowns in each of the last five years. I'm just not impressed, Toby. Yeah, I don't love the financial situation here either. Uh three billion in long-term debt versus 1.2 billion in cash. The company's burning cash right now. Now, that's not a huge surprise, right? Given the nature of the business, the major releases take years to develop, uh which means a lot of cost without any associated revenue that'll flip. Uh as Rick noted, once the game is released, Grand Theft Auto 6 with the cash hopefully rolling in that development and release cycle though, it means volatility in earnings, it means volatility in cash flow. That can translate into volatility in a stock price. And there's always the risk that the revenue won't end up justifying the cost. That could be devastating, right? So, this business model does carry a lot of risk with it. Uh advertising revenue is falling too, I noticed this year, which isn't great. We'd hope that would be a more significant source of revenue, uh especially in the mobile gaming business. And you look at Civ 7, this is a good example of how things may not work out as you expect it to. Uh one way you kind of hedge against uh what your unknown revenue is going to be is is pre-orders now are a big thing, right? to kind of get a sense of what's going on. Uh, Civ 7 had high pre-order numbers, but it seems right now, uh, a couple months later, sales may be out underperforming its predecessor, Civ 6, so far. So, even if you do have optimistic pre-orders, that isn't still not a guarantee uh that that you're going to get to where you want to be. Toby, let's move on to valuation. How well will take two stock do over the next five years? And how safe is it? 10's a short thing. One's a lottery ticket. Uh, I'm going five to 10% here on returns. Uh, I think we're going to see some some gains in the near term following the release of Grand Theft Auto 6 for sure, but I honestly think a lot of those expectations are already built in. Uh, and the expectations are high. Uh, so I don't expect we're going to have consistently high returns for the next 5 years and safety score is a five for me. Uh, the power of their brand does provide some safety here. Uh, look, they're going to sell some games no matter what happens, a certain number. Uh, but, uh, it's a very competitive industry. uh unexpected delays can result in short-term cash flow and issues, net net losses here, create some vulnerabilities for the business. Uh their reliance on these temple blockbusters. It just creates some lumpiness and volatility and that can cause problems if you don't manage it well. Yeah, I'm matching Toby on both scores in this question. So, take 2's valuation will look a lot better if GTA 6 uh lives up to expectations. Uh annual revenue can almost double in the new fiscal year with profitability tripling if not quadrupling in the next year or two. Uh there is still the risk here that there's too much writing on a single release to justify today's valuation. Uh with Take 2's history of delays, buggy releases, and asset writedowns, and a debt settled uh balance sheet, as Toby discussed, the stock could be as safe as a pedestrian crossing the streets in one of its video games. Time for everyone's favorite topic. Rick, is there a company in Take Two Space that you like better? Uh yeah, I'm going to go with Nintendo. Uh to me, everything's shaping up nicely for Nintendo. Uh the Switch 2 comes out in June. So it's coming out soon. Uh the last two times when the Wii rolled out and then 2011 uh 20 sorry 2006 and then uh the Wii U rolled out uh eight years ago. Uh each system within three to five three to four years uh revenue was roughly tripling. Profitability was almost tripling or quadrupling. Uh we're at that low part of the cycle. Uh the next few years should be great for Nintendo. They also have a theme park presence. Another Super Mario uh brothers movies is coming out uh next year in April. So a lot of nice things happening to Nintendo. strong tailwinds right now. Yeah. Uh if you want a pure play gaming alternative uh that looks really good, I'm with Rick on Nintendo. I think that's the way to go here. But uh I'll give you an extra idea, too. Uh Microsoft is is one to look at. I honestly think they're just better in the gaming space than Take 2 overall, especially with that activi that that recent acquisition of Activision. Uh that that has really boosted their their gaming efforts. Um so just a lot more going on there, I think, in Take Two. Thanks to Toby and to Rick. They've given Take two a low overall score of 5.6 out of 10. Uh despite starting with a seven for the business. Look out for a new scoreboard every market day at 700 p.m. Eastern. Next up, it's something good. Till then, full. [Music] Do Do you have what's up next yet? No, we don't we don't know what's up next. Still in process. Nice. I love it. I love it. But it's going to be good. Toby, don't ask. It's going to be I look forward to it. It's going to be awesome, right? Yeah.
