---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: TTWO
title: "Invest in GTA 6’s Billion-Dollar Impact - Take-Two Stock Analysis & Valuation Update"
channel: "Investing Edge with Erik"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: YA0847ZcmfI
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YA0847ZcmfI
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Invest in GTA 6’s Billion-Dollar Impact - Take-Two Stock Analysis & Valuation Update

**Channel**: Investing Edge with Erik  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YA0847ZcmfI

## Transcript

Take 2 stock dropped over 10% after GTA 6 was delayed again. But while some investors are worried, Take 2 might actually be undervalued and a slam dunk investment. And to show you why, I've updated my 10-year forecast from my previous video. And my fair value comes in at around $260 per share, suggesting that the stock could be about 10% undervalued, also implying an estimated annual return of around 18%. In this video, I'll break down the billiondoll impact of GTA 6 and walk through both the bull and bear case to see if Take 2 stock deserves a spot in your portfolio. So, yeah, let's jump in. Now, let's start off by taking a quick look and see how Take 2 as a company has performed over the past year. We can see that revenue grew by 5% and IDA was -3 billion, meaning that the EBIDA margin was negative 53%. Now, this has a lot to do to the final developments of GTA 6. Now, at the same time, the share price has actually risen by 28% and the company is headquartered in New York in the United States. Now, Take 2 isn't just another gaming company. It's the publisher behind Grand Theft Auto, Red Dead Redemption 2K, and now Singa's massive mobile portfolio. And these are some of the most valuable IPs in entertainment. But here is where it gets interesting. Take 2 runs on a hitsdriven model, meaning that big releases move the financial needle in a huge way. Now, with GTA 6 launching in 2026, the company is heading into what could be the strongest multi-year growth cycle ever. And to better illustrate how big the releases of Take 2 actually are, how long do you believe GTA 5 has been in the top 20 bestselling game charts? Is it A 3 years? Is it B 4 years? Or is it C 10 years? And the right answer is, of course, 10 years, all while selling over 220 million copies since launch. Now, while profitability has been choppy in recent years leading up to GTA 6, the company's long-term strategy is built around recurring franchises, microtransactions, and mobile scaling. All of which should drive more stable growth after GTA 6 releases. Take 2 also has one of the strongest reputations for producing extraordinary quality in the industry. Now, the bull case is quite simple in my opinion. First, we have the release of GTA 6, which could be the biggest entertainment launch ever and could generate billions in revenue for the company. We also have a more diversified portfolio. AAA titles, online gaming, and sing mobile titles together provide strong recurring revenue. And lastly, we have margin expansion. As GTA 6 is launched, margins could trend upward, unlocking significant cash flow. Now, it's not all perfect, right? We have a bare case as well. For instance, we have hits driven volatility. Any disappointment, especially for GTA 6, will strongly impact financials. And then we also have rising development cost. AAA games now cost hundreds, if not billions, to build, and longer development cycles can pressure margins in the very long term. Okay, so now we have a sense what makes Tik Tok such a unique company. Now, let's spend some time and look at some historical financial performance and see how the company has performed over the past 5 years. And here we have the core financial performance. We can see the revenue in blue and we can see the EBIDA in green. Now the picture here is quite clear. First, revenue is still growing strong at around 14% per year on average. Now this is partly due to the acquisition of Singa in 2023. Now at the same time, ITA has turned sharply negative in the past few years as the development of GTA 6 is ramping up and hopefully this will turn around as soon as the game is launched. Development cost will be reduced and of course revenue and profitability will improve. Now another thing we as investors need to keep track of is the debt sustainability within the company and the picture is quite clear right we can see that debt has increased massively in the past few years and at the same time excess cash has gone down hopefully as the game is launched the company will pay down that and increase its excess cash at the same time. So hopefully this picture should reverse right in the future. Now another great chart that will later on use as inspiration for the valuation of the company has to do with the free cash flow performance. Now here we can see the revenue in blue again right and instead of the we can see the free cash flow to equity here we kind of see the same thing right revenue is growing strong and free cash flow has been negative a few years right as the company's battling its profitability meanwhile it's developing GTA 6 now the final chart I have to show you has to do with the share performance of the company and here you can see it across two dimensions first we can see the share price per year right on average that is higher today right and so has been the number of shares outstanding in millions in the company as these blue columns and this means essentially that the company is issuing new shares diluting existing shareholders in order to fund its operations. So hopefully once the game is launched right the company will look more into buying back stock right with the cash that the game will generate for the company. Okay, so let's move on to the exciting part and that is of course the valuation. Now here I'll show you all of my assumptions that have gone into my bull case scenario so you have full transparency what I'm assuming in my model. Now, all of these assumptions will go from 2026 all the way up to 2035 as the company is already in its fiscal 2026 year. And starting off with revenue growth here, I'm assuming 17% growth on average per year in the coming 10 years. So, let's jump in and see how my logic works and how I come to the 17% per year. Now, estimating the future revenue for Take 2 is actually really hard because it's hard to know how big these releases actually will be and how they'll impact revenue. Now, one thing I did was go back in time and analyze revenue growth when GTA 5 launched. When the game was launched was 94%. So, we can expect a huge upside in revenue growth once GTA 6 launches as well. Now, here you can see another huge spike, right? And that was Red Dead Redemption 2, right? So, we can see that these big releases have a huge impact on the revenue growth of Take 2. Now, another way to estimate the impact of GTA 6 when it launches is to ask the question, what are the sales drivers? Well, the first layer is quite simple, right? It's the number of players times the game price, right? That will be the sales right in fiscal 2027 for Take 2 as the game launches. Now, we could take this another level. We could say that the number of players actually is the number of consoles multiplied by the percentage of players that decide to buy the game and then we can get an estimate of the sales of GTA 6 when it launches in fiscal 2027. So showing you the numbers here, right? You can see at the top the number of consoles in millions and to the left you can see the share of people that have bought GTA 6 and then you basically can see where the revenue lands for fiscal 2027 depending on the number of consoles that are existing in the world and the share of players that decide to buy GTA 6 at launch. Now in my model I assume that Take 2 will have roughly 12 billion in revenue in fiscal 2027. And here are my assumptions. First, I'm assuming that consoles will be around 140 to 160 million. That's higher than the current 120 million, right? Assuming that people will buy more consoles before GTA launches and right after the launch. I'm also assuming that the average unit price for GTA 6 will be around $120. I'll show you later on how I came up to that number. And they also assume that roughly 30 and 45% of all players that own a console in the world will buy GTA 6 when the game launches or just a few months after. Now, with all of those assumptions here, you can see where we land in the table. And if you average out all the numbers within this small green box, right, we get roughly 12 billion, which is modeled in my valuation. Now, there are two very important notes to this analysis. For instance, right, the number of consoles today is around 120 million. And when GTA 5 launched, it was 160 million. So, the number of consoles of the newest generation, right, is lower. So, that's a headwind for GTA 6. But hopefully, as the hype for the game builds up, right, more people will purchase consoles in 2026. Now, in addition, when GTA 5 launched, roughly 20% of all players that had a console in the world purchased the game during the first fiscal year for Take 2. Right now I assume in my analysis that that will grow to roughly 30 and 45% because the franchise has grown immensely right in the past 13 years. Now also to quickly show you my thinking about the pricing for GTA 6 here you can see a very simple table of the different tiers I would expect right when GTA 6 launches. So for instance, 65% of players will purchase the standard at $99 and the weighted average lands at around $120 per unit or per copy of the game. So it's basically the huge revenue spike right in fiscal of 2027 that will drive a lot of the average revenue growth in the coming 10 years. Now in terms of EA margin here, I'm assuming 28% as GTA 6 will monetize for many many years to come. Now in terms of enterprise value to ebida multiple here I'm assuming 20 times that's lower than in the past five years and in terms of free cash flow growth here I'm assuming 28% but now we have a new game that launching and that the company can monetize for many years to come which will have a huge effect on free cash flow. Now in terms of free cash flow yield that's how much free cash flow we get relative to the share price. I'm assuming three times that's higher than the average in the past 5 years. And finally, the discount rate I'm using in my model is around 9.1%. And yeah, here you can see an overview of the revenue and the free cash flow that I'm forecasting for take 2 in the coming 10 years. Now, you can see first a huge spike in fiscal year 2027. That's of course the launch of GTA 6 where I expect revenue to be around the 12 billion mark which I showed you before and that represents growth at around 90% which is really massive. Then in fiscal 2028, I expect revenue to be cut close to half, right? As it will be hard to sustain the same levels of revenue without another major launch, right? And then finally, we can see another spike right at the end. And that could hopefully be the launch of Red Dead Redemption 3, which is the other major franchise for Take 2. Now, if we discount all the cash flows in our forecast, we get a fair share price at around $260 per share. This also means that the stock could be around 10% undervalued and that we as investors could get around 18% annual returns from the stock in the coming 10 years. Now here you can see how it might look if everything goes according to plan and GTA 6 of course becomes a success which we are modeling in our bull case. Now of course we had to invest in the company today. That's negative cash flow for us as investors and we get some free cash flow distributed to us all the way up to 2035 where we can see the majority of our total gains come from when we sell the stock. Now it's basically our total gains relative to our initial investment of today that gives us the 18% compounded annual return and the 400% roughly right as total gains. Now take 2 isn't the only option right for us as investors if we want to invest in the gaming industry. There are a few competitors, right, that we also can invest in. For instance, we have Ubisoft and we also had EA, right, before it was announced that the company would go private. Now, let's compare all of these companies with a few key ratios. Starting with the enterprise value and in that case, Ubisoft has the most attractive valuation. Now, in terms of debt to we can see yet again that Ubisoft comes out ahead and in terms of EA margin, it's the same thing. Now, finally, in terms of free cash flow margin, we can see that EA games is the best bet. Now, what's interesting here is that Ubisoft on paper might look like the best investment. The problem when analyzing key ratios is that they don't incorporate future forecasts. For instance, Take 2 is the only company here, right, that has a fair chance at doubling its revenue in the next year. And I wouldn't be surprised if we redid this comparison in a few years time that Take 2 actually wins across all of these metrics. Now, it's not all perfect for Take 2, right? There is a chance that the forecast in our bull case does not turn out as we expect. Now to estimate how bad it could be for us as investors, I'm estimating revenue growth in our bare case at around 8% and free cash flow growth at around 9%. Now if that's the case, the fair share price drops down to just $61, meaning that the current stock price is around $284% overvalued. Now, if the bare case would happen, it would most likely be due to GTA 6 not being the huge success that we're estimating. If that's the case, then we could expect much larger negative returns than just negative 1%. And the question then is what's my own personal strategy and opinion around take 2 as a company? Well, here you can see an investment positioning landscape where the undervalued stocks are at the top and the great businesses are to the far right. So, we want companies that are up to the right in this matrix. Now, in my opinion, I place take two over here, right? I believe the stock is slightly undervalued and it's also a great business. But this assumes that GTA 6 becomes a huge success. So all depends on your personal opinion and how well you think GTA 6 could sell at launch and many years after. And for full transparency of course is that I own take to myself in my own stock portfolio. Now a great stock in my opinion isn't only a great business and that it's also well priced in the market. It needs a third element as well that I call momentum. So let's take a closer look and see if Take 2 has any momentum today. And here we can see the stock chart of Take 2 over the past few years. Now what's really interesting is that the stock has performed really well since basically February of 2023. Now if we zoom in a bit, we can see the stock chart over the past 2 years. And we can see that the stock has really strong momentum. We can see this partly due to the stock price being above this blue line. That's the 200 day moving average. And that's a great sign for us as investors. Now if we look into recent weeks right we can see that the stock is down by roughly 10% and that's of course due to the delay of GTA 6 again right now there is of course a risk that the stock continues to go down right in the near term and if that's the case then I'd look closer at the 220 and the $190 range as potential entry points into the stock. Now if you are waiting for that more attractive entry point here you can see in the table what happens to the annual compound return if the stock price goes down. That's green. That's good for us as new investors. Or if the stock price goes up now, we can see that if the stock goes down by 20 or 30%. Then we could possibly get about 20% annual compounded returns. So it all depends on where you as an investor feel comfortable entering the stock depending on how bullish you are around the company and of course the launch of GTA 6. Now given the discount that the stock is trading at today and also the future potential of the company, I've given it a buy rating and four out of five stars. And yeah, here you can see all the key considerations that have gone into my final rating. Now, due to the development of GT6, of course, the company hasn't scored that well in terms of IBIDA growth or free cash flow growth or the debt relative to the EBIDA. However, I believe the valuation actually is quite attractive today. Also, believe the company has a very strong competitive positioning and a very strong brand and reputation and ultimately I believe this will really drive the company's performance and the stock price if you see yourself as a long-term investor in the company. Thank you so much for watching this video. If you found it informative, please feel free to like and subscribe.
