---
ticker: TBLA
type: youtube
title: "@Taboola1: Why CTV Discovery is the Next Big Battleground for Performance Marketing"
channel: "CES"
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etA1w4qyvCM
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 11617
---

# @Taboola1: Why CTV Discovery is the Next Big Battleground for Performance Marketing

## 视频信息
- **频道**: CES
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etA1w4qyvCM

## 转录全文

James Keki here at CES 2026 in the Sea Space Studio and I'm here with Tibula's CEO Adam Singa. Adam, welcome back to the Sea Space Studio. You've had a long and weward journey away from us for many years and now you have returned to tell us all that has transpired and we welcome you back. &gt;&gt; Thanks for having me. This is fun and CS is great and I'm happy to be here. &gt;&gt; Well, thanks so much. catch us up on how are you defining Tiboula right now the definition of the brand in 2026 and what the company does &gt;&gt; we are the largest performance advertising company driven by AI outside of the world and primarily Meta Google Amazon so in the world of you know everyone looking to drive uh growth and sales for their business everyone tries you know Google and Meta and Amazon as of recently but then outside of those it's a mess it's it's hard to scale uh and we want to become the fourth okay &gt;&gt; company that advertisers can rely on and scale with. Uh so the largest performance advertising company outside of the wall gardens &gt;&gt; and do people know you from putting ads on the bottom of articles like you scroll down to a bottom of an article and then you see kind of uh additional articles or it looks like articles there and that's advertising right like that's is that historically how you've been known or one of the things you're known for? &gt;&gt; So you know we we we started the company really as a recommendation engine. So the very beginning when I started to which is my first job uh out of the Israeli army was to just help consumers discover more things they may like but never knew existed. Yes. &gt;&gt; If you you know if you were to go to CNBC you could read an article um and then it would say more things you may like. That's still about half the recommendations that we serve. So, a lot of our publishers use our AI um you know powered recommendations to drive consumers to stick around, discover a video, an article, a product that they wrote. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; On their own site and then side by side to that there's some sponsored messages much like you know on an Instagram feed when you open your feed you see your friends post organic we we call those and in between you'll see messages from advertisers. So kind of a similar fashion. Yeah. a lot of people. I mean, we interact with about 600 million people every single day &gt;&gt; across some of the most amazing publishers such as Yahoo and Disney, Apple News, NBC, USA Today, so many. Um, and that's where people traditionally see us. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And is the AI able to service things that it knows I will like, but that if it was a human curating that article at the bottom, the human might not have guessed I would have liked that. &gt;&gt; You know, I think so much have changed as we think about, you know, consumer behavior. I mean if you if you go back you know 20 years ago it was all about contextual. &gt;&gt; We really believe that more of the same is equals relevance. &gt;&gt; But now you know in a world of AI it really opens up the horizon to imagine what else I may like and never knew existed. And a lot of times it's very counterintuitive. I may be in market um or in fact I may not even know I'm in market to buy a pizza oven. &gt;&gt; That would be such a good thing for my family to cook, you know, over the summer or something. But but that is a new connection that I can make. &gt;&gt; Yeah. um or something that I can discover which I think is also what's so nice or perhaps beautiful about the open web you know you go to Google when you know what you want &gt;&gt; you go to social when you follow you know other people or perhaps your desired self you know as you post things but then the open web is really your authentic self &gt;&gt; you read about things you care about &gt;&gt; and it's when you discover things you may uh like so I you know I think it's such an interesting space for consumers but also for advertisers because that's when they get to meet you. &gt;&gt; I like that you use the term beautiful to describe it because it's kind of I sense there are some I don't think necessarily folks at C-SPAC or CES necessarily, but I sense there's cynicism out there about what the internet has become, right? People talk about like the early days of the internet was was so great and so hopeful and now it's kind of become a different thing. But it sounds like you're still interested in having a a beautiful element to that or the the joyful spontaneity of that. &gt;&gt; I love it. I I I love it. I think look I think it now more than ever you know the open web and trusted journalism matters as relates to think about LLM engines you know the number one thing people ask Judg or Gemini or deeper dive which is our LLM product is about news recent stuff sports entertainment local news it matters so much just to create this habit consumers have on a daily basis and I think also in the world of social media and robots we see a lot of them here at CES &gt;&gt; yeah to have someone you trust, a brand you can follow, can interact with and make decisions that matter is so important. I mean, God help us if Tik Tok is the way our children make decisions that matter. &gt;&gt; You know, we really hope I hope that there is a strong growing, you know, nonwall garden journalistic environment for us humans. &gt;&gt; And we've had TikTok in the CPACE studio as well. And I should say we love all the brands in uh in the CPACE studio equally. However, I do want to ask you about searching within an LLM because you mentioned this and if people are searching within an LLM like Perplexity, CHTPT, something like that, and they find information and they stay within that interface. Um, what are you seeing as far as the impact that has on people not going to a publishers's website? And then how should publishers, brands think about that? You know, I I think a year ago when I was more scared to to imagine what could happen and you know, a year into it, I think Gemini is the best thing that happened to Google search. &gt;&gt; And I think Gemini and LLM with ads is the best thing that's going to happen to trusted publishers. I'm concerned about the the longtail. I have an opinion about what might happen to them, but I'm concerned about, you know, the smaller sites who get most of their traffic from search. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But I mean I think if you're &gt;&gt; sites that I wouldn't know to go to otherwise that I just Yeah. &gt;&gt; But I think if you're you know if you're a large publisher local or national that that you appreciate their trusted information and you know them and you go directly I think those they will lose some traffic from search but they're going to grow the revenue per person they make in my opinion because I can only imagine we came out with a product called deeper dive which is essentially Gemini for the rest of the world. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Or treptt outside of judg. Mhm. &gt;&gt; And the idea is if you go to USA Today, &gt;&gt; you cannot ask any question as an example &gt;&gt; on deeper dive on the homepage and if you're listening to this or watching this. &gt;&gt; Mhm. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Should try. So you can ask you can ask why did the Knicks lose for the last four games. I love the Knicks. Okay. &gt;&gt; And then you'll get an answer and articles that are relevant for that question on USA Today. &gt;&gt; Yeah. and I start talking to you today and I can generate this new advertising revenue on deeper dive and the revenue we're seeing from that experience is exciting. So I think we're going to have less traffic from search but much more engagement from that loyal base. &gt;&gt; And much more um new revenue stream from ads and and I think this is two or three CS's from now when hopefully you invite me again. Oh &gt;&gt; hopefully you come back. Um, I think we're going to see significant revenue stream coming from AI deeper dive type products on the open web. &gt;&gt; And what about the revenue for publishers coming from AI content licensing deals? This is of course talking about uh content license to train AI. Um, is that a good path forward? Do you what is your opinion on that? I I think it's a bit romantic to imagine look you can't really imagine it's easy to negotiate with these type of companies like if you go back I mean history is always a very good testament for the future um and if you look at Google search SEO which was a very is still but a very important part of the way consumers discovered the internet Google never paid anyone &gt;&gt; to be on search you can always get the hell out of here if you don't want to be here &gt;&gt; and we've seen this again and again In fact, we've seen governments telling Google, you know, if you don't do it, we'll and nothing ever really happens because at the end of the day, it's important to be there. So, I think we'll see those lessons in deals from time to time. &gt;&gt; Do I think it's going to happen hundreds or thousands of times? &gt;&gt; So, it funds journalism. No. I think it's um a very dangerous path to put a plan against they're going to pass one day. It's hope. Hope is not a good strategy. I think you should take the money if they give it to you, but I don't think that's a good strategy. I think you should control your destiny, should own your own LM experience on your own site and embrace AI to really grow engagement and revenue from people that appreciate you on your own site. &gt;&gt; If we had another 10 minutes, I would want to get into a deep dive on the future of journalism. However, we only have like 90 seconds, so I want to make sure you get a chance to talk about your CTV announcement that you recently made, partnerships with Paramount, LG, what's going on there. the industry and I'm seeing it at CS here all the time. Everyone is about performance advertising. There's no more this fantasy that I'm going to put an ad on anywhere and hope it's going to be successful. Advertisers demand, want, need, measurement, outcome uh now and and later and all the time. Yes. &gt;&gt; And Amazon did a great job with Prime saying even when you put an ad on TV, we're going to show you that someone bought the product later. And that created this dynamics that even big broadcasters are saying if you buy from us we can and we should show you it works downstream someone is buying that product somebody's subscribing to that service. So with LG and Paramount and hopefully you will see more. Um we've partnered to uh to show that an advertiser can buy a TV campaign, show an ad on television and that that person and people like that person will then see ads on the Tabula network on sites they love. and we show to the advertiser that we can drive conversions um outcomes and measure the effect of TV advertising. I'm excited about it because it proves that performance advertising is the new pink. There's no other type of thing to uh to really uh do and everyone is going to get into that. Netflix is doing ads, Uber is doing ads, Amazon is the number one numberline, you know, ebida is ads. Ads is relevant for everyone and performance advertising is the way to do it. Everybody needs a friend. Hopefully we can be that friend. &gt;&gt; Well, thank you for being a friends of the Sea Space Studio and coming back. I can't believe it's been so long since we've had you. We got to get you back next year. Thanks so much, Adam Singola, CEO of Tabula. Really appreciate you and we really appreciate you for watching us here in the C space studio. This is CES 2026. I'm James Kotki. More after this short break.
