---
ticker: TBLA
type: youtube
title: "How A 'Simple Idea' Brought In 600 Million Active Users A Day To Taboola: CEO Adam Singdola Reveals"
channel: "CNBC-TV18"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hpm32dddDfU
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 16136
---

# How A 'Simple Idea' Brought In 600 Million Active Users A Day To Taboola: CEO Adam Singdola Reveals

## 视频信息
- **频道**: CNBC-TV18
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hpm32dddDfU

## 转录全文

[music] Talk about that moment in the couch when [music] you had your ureka moment. &gt;&gt; I couldn't find anything to watch on TV and I did what you know what most [music] great Jewish kids do when they face a huge challenge. I went to my mom. &gt;&gt; That sounds like India by the way. We go to our moms here as well and particularly Indian men. Let's talk about the big inflection point which is around 2012 2013 for Tibula. [music] &gt;&gt; Three times I faced the moment when we just have the money for about a month. I find myself in San Hill Road and I'm meeting 30 of the best investors [music] in the world. They all said no &gt;&gt; and I met this one more investor &gt;&gt; and I told them I need $1.5 million to launch [music] an advertising model. And that was the tipping point of the company. It was the last time we needed to raise [music] money and it was just a rocket ship from no revenue in 2011 to almost $2 billion 10 years after. &gt;&gt; How tabula is very different from Google ads or from any meta [music] ads etc. &gt;&gt; You're a startup you want to find clients. It's easy to buy Google. It's easy to buy Facebook. [music] It's uniquely complicated to buy the open web. So our purpose is to try to do the you know bring the [music] power of the world garden like a Facebook or Google to the rest of the world the open web. &gt;&gt; It's increasingly difficult for publishers to exist in this era where platforms like open AI and so on and so forth really have the controls. You're saying you're our friend, right? &gt;&gt; Best friend you have. As opposed to all these guys, I have no other business. My only business is open web succeeding. You win, we win. You fail, we fail. From a startup that almost shut down three times to a tech powerhouse powering over a million recommendations every second, Tabula has redefined how the world discovers content. Hello and welcome to Young Turks Reloaded. I'm Shireen Bhan. It all began with a simple idea, helping people find things they may like but didn't know existed. Today, that idea fuels one of the most powerful open web advertising platforms. Founded in 2007, Tiboula reaches 600 million people, has over 9,000 premium publishers, and trades on the NASDAQ. In India, it partners with top publishers like Network 18 and global brands like Samsung and Amazon to help reach audiences beyond search and social. With Deeper Dive, the company's taking on tech giants in the world of AI. On the show today, the incredible journey of a former Israeli intelligence officer who turned Curiosity into a global business empire. Joining me now, Adam Singoulda, the founder and global CEO right here with us on the Young Turks Reload podcast. Adam, it's great to have you here in India. &gt;&gt; Thanks for having me. This is fun. This is a good time to be in India. &gt;&gt; It is a good time to be in India. We'll talk about your plans in India in just a second. But I want to go back to 2007 Adam and talk about that moment in the couch when you had your ureka moment of deciding that look this is a problem that needs fixing and you decided to be part of the solution. Take me through what happened then. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's I remember like it was yesterday, you know, it was um I was living in my parents house because I didn't have any money to do otherwise and and I I did save money to buy a big TV. So that was a great accomplishment and I was &gt;&gt; the priorities a big TV no money but a big TV &gt;&gt; it's a big deal you know go back in time those 29 in played a big role in my childhood so I couldn't find anything to watch on TV and I did what you know what most great Jewish kids do when they face a huge challenge I went to my mom and I told him mom you know &gt;&gt; that sounds like India by the way we go particularly Indian men &gt;&gt; that's why we're you know we were good with each other we understand each other culturally. And so, you know, I said, you know, um, you go to Google if you know what you want, but what happens when you have no idea what you're supposed to be doing next. And my mom couldn't really know how to help me. But she did say, "There's an investor, uh, his daughter, you know, at the age of 12, you know, coming of age. It's a big event. It's called Batitzvah. &gt;&gt; She was having a bat mitzvah and she said, "I can get you an invite." Now, mind you, I do not know the girl or her family, &gt;&gt; but she said, "The dad, I know someone knows that I'm going to get you an invite." So, here I am a week after at this Bat Mitzvah event. It's 7 p.m. I do not know anyone. &gt;&gt; I'm asking myself, when is a good time to pitch an investor [laughter] at his most important &gt;&gt; while you're singing Hava? &gt;&gt; Havilla. Dance through with everyone as if I like we're all best friends. And I said, you know, a few glasses of wine in and I'm going in hot. So, I was waiting. I was dancing and then I told him, uh, his name is Danny. Said, "Danny, um, you know, you go to Google if you know what you want, but what happens when you have no idea what you're supposed to be doing next?" &gt;&gt; The world needs a Google search engine in reverse. &gt;&gt; You know, like the perfect search engine would be a blank page cuz it would just me and recommend me things to do next. And uh, his response was, "Who invited you?" And I said, "My mom." I said, "Who is your mom?" I told him my mom's name. I mean, I don't think he recognized my mom either. Kindly asking me to get the hell out of there, but he was kind enough to also invite me back to his house. So, I came back to his house house a few days after. Uh, &gt;&gt; and you know, back then, &gt;&gt; seed money was not what we all No, &gt;&gt; the world is so I mean, you know this, it's like so crazy now. Back then, I asked for $18,000, which was &gt;&gt; huge to me. I couldn't imagine anyone giving me so much money. and what would I do with it? &gt;&gt; And he agreed. And that was the the beginning of the Tabula journey with Denny. Up until now, we're best friends. He's a big shareholder. You know, he's he's one he's truly an angel to me, not only as an investor, but an angel in my story. &gt;&gt; Yes. And a mentor to you as well. But let's talk about the big inflection point which is around 2012 2013 for Tibula. And things really started to kick off from then. Take me through that point. The first four years of the company, we were five people, seven people. You have to go back to those days. We're just a small group of team and and we're just trying to get anyone to use the product. The product was a video recommendation engine. Sales cycle was so long, 9 months, 12 months to get a publisher to agree to integrate this recommendation engine on the page. And during that time, I'm raising the money all the time &gt;&gt; cuz you know we we always had money for six months, nine months, a year and three times I faced a moment when we just have a money for about a month. And the third time was November 2011. &gt;&gt; I find myself in San Hill Road and I'm meeting 30 of the best investors in the world, the best names out there. And if you've been there, it's kind of like a concrete island, you know? It's like all the same. &gt;&gt; It looks like nothing. Yeah, it's like it's like Ellis in Wonderland. You open one door, you go in, you close the door, you open another one. So, I did that for two days and I got a perfect uh rejection from all they all said no. &gt;&gt; And I found myself sitting on a bench asking myself, what do they know that I don't? And I was very lucky. I I came back to New York and I made this one more investor launch an advertising model so that when someone reaches a recommendation engine it can also say you may like from all around the internet. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And that was the tipping point of the to raise money. And from that moment on, if you were at Tabula, we had a revenue record day every week. And it was just a hundreds of thousands of dollars a month &gt;&gt; in 2012 &gt;&gt; to $200 million in 2014 to almost $2 billion 10 years after. &gt;&gt; And you believe that things are going to get even better, which is why you've been on an aggressive buyback spree, haven't you? &gt;&gt; I love it. [laughter] you know I I personally you know earlier this year bought uh shares of the company uh the companies by we bought 12% in the first half of the year as part of our you know uh repurchase buyback program we think that one we you know we have this conviction that the future has a lot of upside &gt;&gt; uh thanks to AI as a technology and what it means to the open web to us you know as an ecosystem of trusted publishers and how much growth engagement and revenue could come over the next decade or do um and we think you know we're there's the best buy we can have. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, you know, let's talk about this growth opportunity that you speak of and for the benefit of all of our viewers, explain to us how tabula is really different from Google ads or from any meta ads, etc. Because you're basically looking at the open web. They're not. &gt;&gt; If if we oversimplify this, think of the world as three different areas of consumer. You're either searching cuz you have high intent. you want to find something and that's when you go to a Google or Chad GPT. You're either browsing, you have no special intent. You're on Instagram or Tik Tok in some countries and you're just scrolling through. You have no specific intent or you're in a consideration mode. You want to get educated on something. You're watching a CNBC episode. You're reading about something you care about. You're curious. It's this curiosity graph. And that's the open web. all the publishers, sports, national sites, commerce, um you know, entertainment, finance, healthcare, it's and that's referred to as open web. It's everything outside of search and social. And today for advertisers, if you think about a small business, you're a startup, you want to find clients. It's easy to buy Google, you go there, you you can put $5,000, $10,000, and just try to see if you can get clients. &gt;&gt; It's easy to buy Facebook. M &gt;&gt; you can go and put $5 $10,000 and see what happens. It's uniquely complicated to buy the open web. &gt;&gt; Even though it's very lucrative to imagine your ad on a CNBC podcast because it has great passion and and great guest and and and anchor, it's very hard to reach that moment of the open web and do a good job. So our purpose is to try to do the you know bring the power of the world garden like a Facebook or Google to the rest of the world the open web so it's easy for advertisers to spend to find success &gt;&gt; and then even more importantly to drive growth to journalism &gt;&gt; so we can you know get the open web to be rocking and rolling &gt;&gt; you know talking about uh powering journalism and uh bringing the power back to newsrooms and to publishers because it's increasingly difficult for forth really have the control. So uh you know there are many existential questions here that we need to talk about. So you're saying you're our friend, right? &gt;&gt; Best friend you got. &gt;&gt; Best friend. &gt;&gt; I only win if I only win if you I as opposed to all these guys. I have no other business. My only business is open web succeeding. You win, we win. You fail, we fail. So we're we're as aligned as possible. &gt;&gt; How do you see this evolving? How do you see the power balance shifting and changing in this AIdriven world with all of these models? &gt;&gt; You know why what what why I'm very optimistic about this moment in time? &gt;&gt; I think the biggest if you think about innovation, you know, so much of innovation is really execution. It's it's it's no, you know, think about classical music we're listening to. We're still listening to Shopen and Bach and Mo which was written 200 years ago. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Because it's really hard to create something so amazingly new. So execution is really um you know innovation of our times. So when I think about uh publishers and and this moment right now in time &gt;&gt; if I told you two years ago let's put AI on every page. Let's give consumers access to AI and and bring it to the most delicate and important part of an organization which is the editorial team. I think it would be a difficult conversation because then there's a this tension of what does that mean to the editorial team? How do we use personalization and technology? But now when consumers are having access to AI on Gemini and CHP and perplexity, we have no choice. &gt;&gt; We have to we have to evolve. We have to change. And I think in many ways search traffic going down. &gt;&gt; Whether Google kills Google or Ched kills Google the way we know it. &gt;&gt; Will it kill Google? Will search be killed? That's one of the big existential questions at this point in time. &gt;&gt; I think Google will try to kill Google as fast as they can because the traditional version of Google, the search engine as we know it, because the birth of Gemini and LLM could mean so much more to them. &gt;&gt; The value of a query versus the value of a conversation is I think 10 to 100x. If I converse with Gemini, it means so much more to Google and to Google's advertisers. &gt;&gt; And I think that value will translate to publishers. So let's talk about deeper dive because that's your big bet in a world where we're seeing gro and perplexity and chat GPT. How are you different? &gt;&gt; So one I think there's obviously you know these companies are direct to consumer companies. They're trying to be the next Google if you will just in the LLN space and I think look we'll see winners and losers in that world. Obviously OpenAI is already very successful. Gemini is already very successful and Grock is very successful. I think we were seeing some smaller companies that are making their waves like Perplexity and others and we'll see what happens to them because I think it's going to be difficult to compete with the giants. &gt;&gt; You you believe this is going to be a winner takes all market. &gt;&gt; It always is. I mean I think I mean look at any other market we know search, social, um you know uh computing. I mean we tend to see two three companies get most of the market and then and then the rest. And especially in markets when the investment requires billions of dollars &gt;&gt; um of you know of hardware and billions of dollars in foundational models even if you have one remember that some of these smaller companies are like perplexity it's really a llama reseller like they don't really have their own model so it's going to be very expensive to compete um and these companies are wellunded and motivated to to capture market share so but it will see some winners in that space and then I think there's going to be uh the rest of the unit the utility apps, OEMs, mobile devices, publishers, a lot of great companies that want to offer AI to their consumers. &gt;&gt; But it's going to be very expensive to do it. &gt;&gt; They may not have the data to do a good job at it. And most importantly, they need to monetize it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I think this is this is an opportunity for companies like us and deeper dive is our attempt at going after that market &gt;&gt; which again is a big bet we're taking that there's a universe of companies that will need an LLM offering um where it's going to be expensive they may not have the data the monetization to do it and we want to do it with them and for them also remember many of these companies they got burned &gt;&gt; over the last 20 years by giving too much access to these wall gardens &gt;&gt; you too much data, too much advertising access and you know, you know, like Karl Mark said, history tends to repeat itself. &gt;&gt; We can't always make the same mistake again. And this is too important, you know, content. This is our this is the pulse of our existence, the content we create. &gt;&gt; So, I think they need a really good friend, you know, that's not competing with them. And I hope we can be that one. [music]
