---
ticker: TBLA
type: youtube
title: "What Makes The India Publishing Landscape Unique? Taboola CEO Adam Singolda Bets Big On India"
channel: "CNBC-TV18"
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7t-delMhZgQ
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 12811
---

# What Makes The India Publishing Landscape Unique? Taboola CEO Adam Singolda Bets Big On India

## 视频信息
- **频道**: CNBC-TV18
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7t-delMhZgQ

## 转录全文

Speaking of existential questions that are currently uh being debated across the world and that has to do with how these models are being trained, whether publishers actually have a say, have a share as far as the revenues are concerned. uh litigation underway in different parts of the world including here in India. What do you believe the future uh should be? What do you believe should be fair as the way forward? &gt;&gt; I don't think it's okay to steal from anyone like you know you this geni engines that are taking publishers content without &gt;&gt; you're using a strong word. So you do believe this is stealing. &gt;&gt; Oh it's exactly what they're doing. I mean if you take something from someone without their consent that's called stealing. So, and but if you do it the second time or third time, that's that you can't be evil for a long time. You can be evil for a little bit of time, you know, because then you can maybe argue it was a mistake, but if you keep doing the same thing again, that's just long-term evilness, and that's not okay. I mean, so I look at those companies, you know, some of them get away with it because they're too big to to fight with. &gt;&gt; But otherwise, you know, the smaller ones, I think, who knows how it's going to end. It's going to be probably a big uh legal trophy perhaps on the other side of it. But um but it's not okay to take it's not okay to take content without a green consent. It's not okay to not send traffic back. &gt;&gt; You look at those tiny little icons. You know, you go to those Genai engines, you ask a question and there's this tiny little gray button that unless you have a telescope, you can never see it and the click rate is probably 0.1%. That is not called &gt;&gt; let's send traffic to the open web and get consumers to learn more, you know. So that's &gt;&gt; no one's even clicking on those buttons, right? &gt;&gt; I'm sure it's less. I mean, I'm sure it's insignificant through non-existence. So you're taking content without consent. You're not sending traffic. You don't pay most. You pay some, right? So I think that is not a recipe for success. So it's going to change. However, you know, history already proven that we can't really negotiate &gt;&gt; with these tech companies sustainably. You know, we may get &gt;&gt; Yeah. The power balance is completely favorable. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Again, we we've we've seen this before, you know, s when search happened, we we didn't really know if we're going to get more search or less search. When instant article happened with Facebook about 10 years ago, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; it was a huge success, then a huge failure, and then it stopped because it was not great for publishers. Hosting a piece of content on Facebook was a problem. So, at first we did it because how could we say no? M &gt;&gt; then we realize we're not getting traffic. Then we realize we're not being paid. Then we sue them. &gt;&gt; We're pretty much in that phase right now, aren't we? &gt;&gt; Exactly. And what I hope actually, you know, those Genai engines, what I hope they learn or at least consider, you know, if I want to be humble because they've done amazing work. I mean, I'm not taking away from the value they created for consumers, for investors, for themselves. Kudos on them. But what I hope they take it if they have a really good friend &gt;&gt; like Kendrick Lamar said, you know, sit down and be humble. &gt;&gt; I never thought we'd have Kendrick Lamar be quoted. &gt;&gt; You have to like, you know, include some proper hip-hop in this conversation, you know. So, go for it. If you want to sit down and just be humble, let me just suggest that if there's ever a lesson to be learned from the metas and the Googles is that if you can give if you can give a lot back, like if if you can overindex on giving back to the ecosystem that is building you, you have a better chance to be here forever. &gt;&gt; But that's not the model &gt;&gt; yet. And I don't know what's I don't know &gt;&gt; what will change it. What will force them to change the model? &gt;&gt; I don't No, I mean I I think um it's it's interesting how you know big becomes bigger and and we never see those decisions made. My guess is that you know the companies that are not the opening eyes will have a much bigger challenge because again it's a very expensive business. They may be sued by everyone and I don't know how that story ends for some of the smaller ones. the opening eyes of the world. I mean I I am hopeful that u there's a lesson to be learned from social media decisions over the last two decades and they will say that content that fuels our engine those consumers that are coming to us and expect trust &gt;&gt; is a leg in that table that we operate and we have to uh think about how we support not a few not a lot but perhaps everyone. So, and I will tell you in the absence of them doing it, I intend to do it. So, uh until that happens, if it ever happens, Tabula, you know, as as you know, at least in our mind, the Robin Hood of the open web type of thing, we will work extremely hard to make sure that every consumer landing on a publisher gets the best experience so they can converse, learn, and eventually decide on the open web. You know, one of the other things I want to talk to you about is uh being a listed entity, being a listed company. And I think that's something that many Indian startup founders today are are considering. Many have taken this path. In fact, this has been a blockbuster year as far as IPOs are concerned. India is now being considered an IPO factory. But what's been the experience for you as a as a listed entity? Many feel that it brings in constraints. Some feel it gives you the discipline and the rigor. Uh, President Trump believes that it it actually constrains innovation because you have to go out there and report quarter on quarter. How do you see it? &gt;&gt; I like it more than I don't. Uh, obviously there are things that are, you know, they they take time that beforehand I didn't have to do. However, over time, especially if your company is, you know, doing well and we're very fortunate. I look at 2025, you know, we've been beat, you know, beat and raised every quarter guidance as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so I think I think when when you when you're off to a good journey and I think when you set expectation properly with the market then you don't have to act differently than you would have uh behaved as a private company &gt;&gt; and then and then you have advantages you know you have uh currency which you can use for you know different things uh maybe some partners of yours are happy to see that you're worth a billion two three billion dollars and because they think you'll never go away so they can rely on you so I think that helps them to see your true colors because they can see your earnings, &gt;&gt; they can see your free cash flow generation, they can see your investments. So I think those things are um are great because it's even a higher degree of transparency which I love. Also it keeps you humble &gt;&gt; because as a management as an company &gt;&gt; the market over time is perfect &gt;&gt; if you grow if you generate good IBIDA margins if you generate free cash flow which allows you to buy shares allows you to grow. I mean look at India you know we now we're about 200 people in India serving all of Tibulo around the world &gt;&gt; how lucky are we that we get to invest you know it's because we run a great business &gt;&gt; you know you talk about India let's uh let's uh get to understand how you see India how you see the trends emerging in India shaping the Indian publishing ecosystem you know how different is the India story in comparison to some of the other markets that you're servicing today &gt;&gt; well well it's there's the office And then there is the more more nuance that people have not understand as deeply as we do working in India for so long. Obviously India is a big market. So that matters to and it's the fourth largest economy in the world. Yeah. &gt;&gt; It's the second largest e-commerce uh market in the world. &gt;&gt; If you're missing those stats and you run a business, I don't know what what you're doing. When I started Tabula, America was the market you could have not missed. You had to be big in America and then the rest of the world. India is is at that stage now. you cannot be uh not successful in India and then the rest of the world because of the size and potential at the very least much like the GDP in the US saying that there's something special about India that is um even more unique especially where we are now one uh culturally like if you know if you're listening to this at least my opinion is that culture is innovation &gt;&gt; um I do not believe that if someone gave you money and that person is a famous investor you have a better chance to succeed I do not believe that if you're famous for for any reason you have a better chance to succeed. I do not believe that if you went to a great school necessarily you have a better chance to succeed. It's your madness, passion, empathy and a group of people that gives you and one up on someone else. And when we work in India with incredible group of of companies, the way they adopt technology, want to innovate, not afraid to fail is unique. It is not by chance that every time comes with a new product. Our new feed product which we copied from Instagram 10 years ago and you brought the feed experience to the open web, India was first when we uh brought personalization for the homepage the first market that publishers said yeah we can do it India. And now when we launched deeper dive uh which was you know LLM editorial environment the first but the first market for us in Asia was India. There's no coincidence in business. &gt;&gt; Things happen for a reason, especially over time. So, I think from a cultural perspective, as a technology AI company, it's crucial to be surrounded by people that want you to succeed or okay failing with you fast and try again the next day. So, that is a that is a culture advantage India has. And then from the consumer perspective, over 60% of people use all of India use AI every single day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, we we talked about e-commerce, you know, massive e-commerce adoption and that's the biggest segment of performance advertising growing e-commerce. So, and we just talked about LLM perhaps reinventing the interface of the internet, &gt;&gt; creating a much better RPO for consumers from clicks to transactions. We just talked about it. So, let's say we're right. Let's say LLM is really a big deal that Sam is on to something and you know that open web will adopt this technology and we're on let's say this that in a year from now you'll consider inviting me again. Well, you may never want to see me again but let's say you do and we have this conversation. Let's say we're right and there's a big upside here. I think the biggest adoption of that technology will come from India. &gt;&gt; We're already seeing that &gt;&gt; perplexity largest audience is in India. Chad GPT &gt;&gt; Jad GPT not a coincidence and that's why uh if we are right and AI is a big deal India is a big deal &gt;&gt; so what is the impact that you believe tabula can make over the next 5 years what would what would make you happy uh in terms of what you've been able to achieve in the next 5 years what is that vision board look like &gt;&gt; I mean I hope that advertisers can succeed beyond Google and Facebook and I hope journalism doubles and triples if Mark Zuckerberg monetized the open web. The open web would be five times the size because he's amazing at monetizing and he's great at getting 10 million advertisers and he's amazing at building technologies. He's not doing it. We're going to do it. So, um I hope the you know the open web and journalism succeeds in ways we've never seen before and we'll see birth of new companies that can represent voice that matters in the world of AI and social media. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. We look forward to that, Adam. It's been an absolute pleasure and a lot of fun chatting with you. Thank you so much for dropping into our studios and joining us here on the Young Tax Reloaded podcast. We look forward to more conversation with you and hopefully uh we we will know in time the answers to those important complex questions and whether you're on the right side of them or not, but we look forward to having you back in the studio. Thanks very much. With that, it is time for us to wrap up this edition of the Young Tex Reloaded podcast. If you enjoyed the conversation, send us your feedback. We always like to hear from you from all of us here on the team. For now, goodbye. Many thanks for watching.
