---
ticker: TBLA
type: youtube
title: "From Near Collapse to Global Dominance | Adam Singolda on Taboola’s Open Web Revolution | N18V"
channel: "CNBC-TV18"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-6y1p_BKXc
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 55710
---

# From Near Collapse to Global Dominance | Adam Singolda on Taboola’s Open Web Revolution | N18V

## 视频信息
- **频道**: CNBC-TV18
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-6y1p_BKXc

## 转录全文

[Music] Talk about that moment in the couch when you had your ureka moment. &gt;&gt; I couldn't find anything to watch on TV and I did what you know what most great Jewish kids do when they face a huge challenge. I went to my mom. &gt;&gt; That sounds like India by the way. We go to our moms here as well and particularly Indian men. Let's talk about the big inflection point which is around 2012 2013 for Tibula. &gt;&gt; Three times I faced the moment when we just have the money for about a month. I find myself in San Hill Road and I'm meeting 30 of the best investors in the world. They all said no &gt;&gt; and I met this one more investor &gt;&gt; and I told them I need $1.5 million to launch an advertising model. And that was the tipping point of the company. It was the last time we needed to raise money and it was just a rocket ship from no revenue in 2011 to almost $2 billion 10 years after. &gt;&gt; How tabula is really different from Google ads or from any meta ads etc. &gt;&gt; You're a startup, you want to find clients. It's easy to buy Google. It's easy to buy Facebook. It's uniquely complicated to buy the open web. So our purpose is to try to do the you know bring the power of the world garden like a Facebook or Google to the rest of the world the open web. &gt;&gt; It's increasingly difficult for publishers to exist in this era where platforms like open AI and so on and so forth really have the controls. You're saying you're our friend, right? &gt;&gt; Best friend you have. As opposed to all these guys, I have no other business. My only business is open web succeeding. You win, we win. You fail, we fail. From a startup that almost shut down three times to a tech powerhouse powering over a million recommendations every second, Tabula has redefined how the world discovers content. Hello and welcome to Young Turks Reloaded. I'm Shireen Bhan. It all began with a simple idea, helping people find things they may like but didn't know existed. Today, that idea fuels one of the most powerful open web advertising platforms. Founded in 2007, Tibula reaches 600 million people, has over 9,000 premium publishers and trades on the NASDAQ. In India, it partners with top publishers like Network 18 and global brands like Samsung and Amazon to help reach audiences beyond search and social. With Deeper Dive, the company's taking on tech giants in the world of AI. On the show today, the incredible journey of a former Israeli intelligence officer who turned Curiosity into a global business empire. Joining me now, Adam Singolda, the founder and global CEO right here with us on the Young Turks Reloaded podcast. Adam, it's great to have you here in India. &gt;&gt; Thanks for having me. This is fun. This is a good time to be in India. &gt;&gt; It is a good time to be in India. We'll talk about your plans in India in just a second. But I want to go back to 2007, Adam, and talk about that moment in the couch when you had your ureka moment of deciding that look, this is a problem that needs fixing and you decided to be part of the solution. Take me through what happened then. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's I remember like it was yesterday, you know, it was um I was living in my parents house because I didn't have any money to do otherwise and and I I did save money to buy a big TV. So, that was a great accomplishment. And I was &gt;&gt; the priorities a big TV. No money but a big TV. &gt;&gt; It's a big deal. You know go back in time. Those 29 inches played a big role in my childhood. So I couldn't find anything to watch on TV. And I did what you know what most great Jewish kids do when they face a huge challenge. I went to my mom and I told her mom you know &gt;&gt; that sounds like India by the way. We go particularly Indian men. &gt;&gt; That's why we're you know we are good with each other. we understand each other culturally. And so, you know, I said, you know, um, you go to Google if you know what you want, but what happens when you have no idea what you're supposed to be doing next. &gt;&gt; And my mom couldn't really know how to help me. But she did say, &gt;&gt; "There's an investor, uh, his daughter, you know, at the age of 12, you know, coming of age, it's a big event. It's called Bat Mitzvah. &gt;&gt; She was having a bat mitzvah and she said, I can get you an invite." Now, mind you, I do not know the girl or her family, &gt;&gt; but she said, "The dad, I know someone knows that I'm going to get you an invite." So, here I am a week after at this Bitzvah event. It's 7 p.m. I do not know anyone. &gt;&gt; I'm asking myself, what is a good time to pitch an investor at his most important &gt;&gt; while you're singing Hava? &gt;&gt; Hava, dancing with everyone as if I like it. We're all best friends. And I said, you know, a few glasses of wine in and I'm going in hot. So, I was waiting. I was dancing. And then I told him, uh, his name is Danny. Said, "Danny, um, you know, you go to Google if you know what you want, but what happens when you have no idea what you're supposed to be doing next?" &gt;&gt; The world needs a Google search engine in reverse. &gt;&gt; You know, like the perfect search engine would be a blank page cuz it would just me and recommend me things to do next. And uh, his response was, "Who invited you?" And I said, "My mom." I said, "Who is your mom?" I told him my mom's name. And I don't think he recognized my mom either. Kindly asking me to get the hell out of there, but he was kind enough to also invite me back to his house. So I came back to his house house a few days after. Uh and you know back then seed money was not what we all no &gt;&gt; the world is so I mean you know this it's like so crazy now. Back then I asked for $18,000 which was &gt;&gt; huge to me. I couldn't imagine anyone giving me so much money and what would I do with it? &gt;&gt; And he agreed. And that was the the beginning of the Tabula journey with Danny. Up until now, we're best friends. He's a big shareholder. You know, he's he's one he's truly an angel to me. Not only as an investor, but an angel in my story. &gt;&gt; Yes. And a mentor to you as well. But let's talk about the big inflection point which is around 2012 2013 for Tibula and things really started to kick off from then. Take me through that point. &gt;&gt; The first four years of the company, we were five people, seven people. You have to go back to those days. We're just a small group of team and and we're just trying to get anyone to use the product. The product was a video recommendation engine. Sales cycle was so long, 9 months, 12 months to get a publisher to agree to integrate this recommendation engine on the page. And during that time, I'm raising the money all the time &gt;&gt; cuz you know we we always had money for 6 months, 9 months, a year and three times I faced a moment when we just have a money for about a month. And the third time was November 2011. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; I find myself in San Hill Road and I'm world, the best names out there. And if you've been there, it's kind of like a concrete island, you know? It's like all the same. &gt;&gt; It's like nothing. It's like it's like Ellis in Wonderland. You open one door, you go in. You close the door, you open another one. So, I did that for two days and I got a perfect uh rejection from all they all said no. &gt;&gt; And I found myself sitting on a bench asking myself, what do they know that I don't? And I was very lucky. I I I came back to New York and I met this one more investor launch an advertising model so that when someone reaches a recommendation engine it can also say you may like from all around the internet. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And that was the tipping point of the company. It was the last time we needed to raise money. And from that moment on, if you were at Tabula, we had a revenue record day every week. And it was just a rocket ship from no revenue in 2011 to hundreds of thousands of dollars a month in 2012 to $200 million in 2014 to almost $2 billion 10 years after. M &gt;&gt; and you believe that things are going to get even better, which is why you've been on an aggressive buyback spree, haven't you? &gt;&gt; I love it. You know, I I personally, you know, earlier this year bought, uh, shares of the company. Uh, the company's buy, we bought 12% in the first half of the year as part of our, you know, uh, repurchase buyback program. We think that one we you know we have this conviction that the future has a lot of upside uh thanks to AI as a technology and what it means to the open web to us you know as an ecosystem of trusted publishers and how much growth engagement and revenue could come over the next decade or two. Um and we think you know we're it's the best buy we can have. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, you know, let's talk about this growth opportunity that you speak of and for the benefit of all of our viewers, explain to us how tabula is really different from Google ads or from any meta ads, etc. Because you're basically looking at the open web. They're not. &gt;&gt; If if we oversimplify this, think of the world as three different areas of consumer. You're either searching because you have high intent. You want to find something. And that's when you go to a Google or Chad GPT. You're either browsing, you have no special intent. You're on Instagram or Tik Tok in some countries and you're just scrolling through. You have no specific intent or you're in a consideration mode. You want to get educated on something. You're watching a CNBC episode. You're reading about something you care about. You're curious. It's this curiosity graph. And that's the open web. It's all the publishers, sports, national sites, commerce, um you know, entertainment, finance, healthcare. It's and that's referred to as open web. It's everything outside of search and social. And today for advertisers, if you think about a small business, you're a startup, you want to find clients. It's easy to buy Google. You go there, you you can put $5,000, $10,000 and just try to see if you can get clients. It's easy to buy Facebook. &gt;&gt; You can go and put $5, $10,000 and see what happens. It's uniquely complicated to buy the open web. Even though it's very lucrative to imagine your ad on a CNBC podcast because it has great passion and and great guest and and and anchor, it's very hard to reach that moment of the open web and do a good job. So our purpose is to try to do the you know bring the power of the world garden like a Facebook or Google to the rest of the world the open web so it's easy for advertisers to spend &gt;&gt; to find success and then even more importantly to drive growth to journalism &gt;&gt; so we can you know get the open web to be rocking and rolling &gt;&gt; you know talking about uh powering journalism and uh bringing the power back to newsrooms and to publishers because it's increasingly difficult for forth really have the control. So uh you know there are many existential questions here that we need to talk about. So you're saying you're our friend, right? &gt;&gt; Best friend you got. &gt;&gt; Best friend. &gt;&gt; I only win if I only win if you I have as opposed to all these guys. I have no other business. My only business is open web succeeding. You win, we win. You fail, we fail. So we're we're as aligned as possible. &gt;&gt; How do you see this evolving? How do you see the power balance shifting and changing in this AIdriven world with all of these models? &gt;&gt; You know why what why I'm very optimistic about this moment in time? &gt;&gt; I think the biggest if you think about innovation, you know, so much of innovation is really execution. It's it's it's no, you know, think about classical music we're listening to. We're still listening to Shopen and Bach and Moz which was written 200 years ago because it's really hard to create something so amazingly new. &gt;&gt; So execution is really um you know innovation of our times. So when I think about uh publishers and and this moment right now in time, &gt;&gt; if I told you two years ago, let's put AI on every page, let's give consumers access to AI and and bring it to the most delicate and important part of an organization, which is the editorial team. I think it would be a difficult conversation because then there's a distension of what does that mean to the editorial team? How do we use personalization and technology? But now when consumers are having access to AI on Gemini and Chad GPT and Perplexity, we have no choice. We have to we have to evolve. We have to change. And I think in many ways search traffic going down. &gt;&gt; Whether Google kills Google or Cheddar kills Google the way we know it. &gt;&gt; Will it kill Google? Will search be killed? That's one of the big existential questions at this point in time. I think Google will try to kill Google as fast as they can because the traditional version of Google, the search engine as we know it because the birth of Gemini and LLM could mean so much more to them. &gt;&gt; The value of a query versus the value of a conversation is I think 10 to 100x if I converse with Gemini, it means so much more to Google and to Google's advertisers. &gt;&gt; And I think that value will translate to publishers. If I can go to CNBC and have a conversation about something I truly care about. I want to take a mortgage. I'm debating about buying a house. I'm debating about my career. I have. So, these are important questions. Is the reason your show is so important because you give, you know, people access to a variety of opinions so people that can eventually make their own decisions. Imagine now an LLM could be installed on your publisher and people can have a conversation over multiple days and eventually make an important decision on your site. &gt;&gt; To me, that is a new internet and that's why I'm optimistic about publishers thanks to AI. &gt;&gt; So, you're saying that it would be in Google's interest to actually kill search itself in this new internet era. &gt;&gt; I think as fast as they can. I bet and I don't know this. If I'm at Google now, I try to kill that leg as fast as I can to grow two new ones. &gt;&gt; And if we go back, you know, to other companies when Apple launched iPad, it was it was counterintuitive. What's going to be the impact on the traditional Mac? &gt;&gt; You know, what is that going to cannibalize the computer or is it going to grow the pie? And it grew the pie. A lot of time innovation is you know cannibal cannibalizing a piece of you uh and and you know instilling that culture of of &gt;&gt; but growing the pie. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But growing the pie significantly. So if I'm Google I'm saying oh man I'm in a conversation with the consumer. Think of what Google generates about $200 billion a year of search ad revenue. 10 million clients big. Let's say that goes down 20 30%. That's a lot of money. &gt;&gt; And the evidence is that it's going down very quickly. &gt;&gt; Let's say it goes down. Pick a number. M &gt;&gt; I would argue that a Gemini query, a conversation on Gemini is worth a lot more than a click to an advertiser &gt;&gt; because eventually you believe it's going to lead to a transaction. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Transaction versus clicks are going to be the the value of the future which is amazing for small businesses and advertisers too. If I my my wife has a flower shop, it's really hard to get someone to subscribe to flower business. Not because she it's not because she doesn't have an amazing business. It's because the discoverability &gt;&gt; of her business when she has to compete with social media and who the hell knows what's out there is hard. But imagine now that she doesn't just have to build a funnel with search or deeper dive. She can say this is a value of a client. Get me clients. &gt;&gt; And then if anyone ever talks about booking an event &gt;&gt; on Gemini or on deeper dive &gt;&gt; and that conversation involves by the way do you need flowers for your business? Here are some articles about flower, you know, things that people have done with flower and here are some things you should watch and read. And by the way, we have a great deal with this business. Would you like us to introduce it to them? That is killing the funnel and creating transactions that today don't exist. &gt;&gt; So, is she on deeper dive? &gt;&gt; Oh, she's on Abby Deeper Dive. She's all she's on. &gt;&gt; How much How much business have you been able to generate? We, you know, we can't get into the contribution here, but I will just say she's in our videos. She's giving, she's our biggest advocate. She's giving me very strong feedback about what's working, what's not working. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, let's talk about deeper dive because that's your big bet in a world where we're seeing gro and perplexity and chat GPT. How are you different? &gt;&gt; So, one, I think there's obviously, you know, these companies are direct to consumer companies. They're trying to be the next Google, if you will, just in the LLM space. And I think look, we'll see winners and losers in that world. Obviously, OpenAI is already very successful. Gemini is already very successful and Grock is very successful. I think we were seeing some smaller companies that are making their waves like Perplexity and others. And we'll see what happens to them because I think it's going to be difficult to compete with the giants. &gt;&gt; You you believe this is going to be a winner takes all market. &gt;&gt; It always is. I mean, I think I mean look at any other market we know, search, social, um you know, uh computing. I mean we tend to see two or three companies get most of the market and then and then the rest and especially in markets when the investment requires billions of dollars &gt;&gt; um of you know of hardware and billions of dollars in foundational models even if you have one remember that some of these smaller companies like Proplexity it's really a llama reseller like they don't really have their own model so it's going to be very expensive to compete um and these companies are wellunded and motivated to to capture market share so but it will see some winners in that case and then I think there's going to be uh the rest of the unit the the world utility apps OEMs mobile devices publishers a lot of great companies that want to offer AI to their consumers &gt;&gt; but it's going to be very expensive to do it &gt;&gt; they may not have the data to do a good job at it and most importantly they need to monetize it &gt;&gt; so I think this is this is an opportunity for companies like us and deeper dive is our attempt at going after that market, &gt;&gt; which again is a big bet we're taking that there's a universe of companies that will need an LLM offering um or it's going to be expensive. They may not have the data the monetization to do it and we want to do it with them and for them. Also remember many of these companies they got burned over the last 20 years by giving too much access to these wall gardens. you know, too much data, too much advertising access, and you know, he you know, like Karl Mark said, history tends to repeat itself. We can't always make the same mistake again. And this is too important, you know, content. This is our this is the pulse of our existence, the content we create. &gt;&gt; So, I think they need a really good friend, you know, that's not competing with them. And I hope we can be that one, &gt;&gt; you know. So, what has been the initial feedback, the reaction that you're getting from publishers, that you're getting from the market at this point in time to deeper dive? &gt;&gt; Wow. It's it's it's it's it's phenomenal. I mean I'm here in India now and we have a pipeline of publishers. We can talk we can we should also come back to why India is so incredible for that topic. But you know we're seeing such a you know adoption and at the highest level because this is not about advertising. This is not about page views. It's about perhaps the existence of our future. It's AI is how do we create the next interface of the internet so when consumers come to us they feel at home so we've we've received great feedback a lot of tough questions you know how do we I mean you know if someone asks a question on a I mean for you trust is everything &gt;&gt; yes &gt;&gt; you know what you say how do you continuously build that trust with consumers is the most important equity that you know an organization such as yourself has spent 20 plus years building &gt;&gt; so what happens if the answer is not good enough &gt;&gt; you know so you want to make sure that it's good enough and gets better over time and we've done a lot of work &gt;&gt; to try to train those um our models to make sure that we interact with tough questions. So that was that was a lot of work. And then the second &gt;&gt; how long did it take for you to be able to get to this point as far as training the models were concerned? &gt;&gt; About a year plus we just we have 500 engineers at we're 2,000 people strong uh five to 600 people just on the tech front and then most of them are working on a variety of different AI initiatives. So we had a lot of unique data um and AI to to bring this to life. So but deeper dive specifically uh which is so much fun. It's like my second you know startup now. It's uh I have calls every day with the team, you know, we're like what's what's breaking? What's you know, how is it working? It's it's really a a startup within within Tabula, which is part of the fun to be at Tabula. It's like Disneyland for geeks, you know, it's just we get to dream and do, which is which is which is fun. So, all of this to say that we still have a lot of issues and things, but pipeline is amazing of publishers that um will try and launch deeper dive and we have um a big road map for 2026. But right now, I'm focused primarily on creating the habit, not on monetization, not on all the cool things that can happen over time. I just want to make sure that our publishers and us as an ecosystem, &gt;&gt; we don't lose, we don't miss the boat on AI as a as an interface when consumers come to your site. We can't miss that one. you know, talking about not missing that opportunity and talking about also nudging a change in behavior. How do you believe that publishers should work with collaborators like you to do that? &gt;&gt; It's a cultural thing. It's, you know, it's it's really hard to you need to optimize for mistakes and many of them and as fast as you pass is which is so counterintuitive. &gt;&gt; Because because the more you instill again if you believe that most people around the world are actually fairly average. Most of us are not born Shopen. Most of us will never be, you know, we're not Steve Jobs. Most of us, the vast majority of us actually are not. &gt;&gt; So why are some companies and teams are winners and some are not? Why is it that the difference is primarily culture, madness, passion, empathy, these softer terms &gt;&gt; that allow teams to do something that others just &gt;&gt; don't do. &gt;&gt; So I think it's to for publisher, it's about building their trust. They need to know that we're always on their side and when we come in with something that we believe has a chance um they want to give us a they want to give us a chance and by the way we have we failed many times before but it's when we fail and telling me this is this was not a good bet. &gt;&gt; Let's move on and and focus on other things is when I think they like us even more &gt;&gt; for being always honest with them fast with them. And look, we signed to my to my knowledge, we're the only company in the world that has five, 10, and 30 year relationships. I mean, Yahoo is a 30-year partnership. &gt;&gt; You know, we have most of our publishers are over 10 years now. Most of our leadership is over 10 years at the company. &gt;&gt; So, I think it's this we take relationship seriously. um especially in time of you know pandemic, recession, tariffs, there's like so much going on, &gt;&gt; uncertinity, volatility, strife. &gt;&gt; I think it's I think it's the the human uh relationship matters more now than ever. Um and that's why actually I'm optimistic about trusted publishers in the world of AI. There's going to be so much noise. trusted publishers would be like organic food and we're going to need we're going to desire the human verification that that um I really hope that my kids growing up will never make important decision based on social media &gt;&gt; you know and will always go to do their work to learn and educate themselves. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; how how hopeful are you? I mean today kids are picking up news information companionship even friends even online from social media or now things like chat GPT &gt;&gt; you know I I think talk is cheap so what I what I say and you know even to my kids it doesn't matter it's what I do and what people do and learn from their behavior &gt;&gt; you have to perhaps go through the motion and see what happens when you make the wrong decision we've seen so many mistake happen driven by social media you know over the last you a decade. And I think it's when people learn that some of these mistakes are too expensive and you see a friend making the wrong decision and maybe someone you love making the wrong decision that you realize that the value of education and the value of a deeper dive &gt;&gt; um is and connections. I mean even right now when I told Tibula you know we should come back to work in the office and we every every two weeks I I have uh with my COO and head of people we have all hands 2,000 people go on a call and I don't prepare for that call and it's great because people ask any question that's on their mind you know it's it's it's through this you know authenticity that u you build relationships and I think tabula we see the value of relationship &gt;&gt; with clients and prospects and each Um and I think we have an advantage because of that. So I believe that perhaps people have to go for emotion, make some mistakes. &gt;&gt; But then realize the value of meeting in person like we are right now you and I. &gt;&gt; Yes. And there is great value in meeting in person as opposed to over Zoom or whatever whatever else. Uh &gt;&gt; you can compare it. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Exactly. &gt;&gt; If I can't call you, if you and I work together. Yes. And we have we generate revenue together. We have AI initiatives together. If I can't call you on FaceTime on a Saturday and hey, I have this issue. Can can you help me out? If I can't do it, you're not my partner. I'm at best your vendor at best. And I think if you're listening to this podcast video interview and you optimize for efficiency and productivity remotely because you don't have the time to take a meeting, I think you end up losing. You end up losing internally with your employees and colleague. You end up losing with your prospects and clients. And I think you're being too productive and too efficient for the world to you know &gt;&gt; you know that's an interesting conversation because uh and and it's a debate raging here in India as well of work life balance. How much do you want to kind of put into each compartment? Can you in fact compartmentalize the two? Uh and what kind of boundaries do you need to set? Should you be facetiming somebody on a Saturday? I mean there's legislations in Europe coming in about not being able to to send out an email to an employee after working hours. I personally believe that first of all I hope people FaceTime me let's do it in other way around I have three young kids the way you know the way I spend my time is you know I don't I have daily celebration of life I don't look for this Christmas vacation that I hope to make with my kids I I look for moments when we can smile and be with each other even if it's like five minutes of Lego building or you know shooting hoops or whatever that may be so I believe in quality moments versus you know long-term planning of a great vacation which I think then creates cliff of of like &gt;&gt; expectations. &gt;&gt; Like, oh my god, what happens when I come back? So, I just try not to do that. I just I want like long tail of small, you know, happy moments. &gt;&gt; And I think I wish someone called me whenever they needed me. Uh if they really needed me. &gt;&gt; So, the way I think about those calls, those emails, those FaceTimes is I don't take it lightly. I I would never call you unless I really needed you and and vice versa. You would know that if I called you, I probably really do need you. And I think it means a lot when the pandemic happened and the world if you remember the first three months you remember those days. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; It was so scary like we didn't even know that by the way there's going to be a great on the other side of it is going to be economical growth but &gt;&gt; there was a moment when we were so scared at home we have about 11,000 publisher partners &gt;&gt; and I was able to call publishers around the world and say I'm afraid like I don't know what what should we do and the first and I told him like I'm not sure you know can I support you? I don't know like I don't know what's going to be the future. And the first question was how are you doing? And that to me was so special that uh we cared about each other in a in a moment of crisis before we cared about the business. &gt;&gt; So I just think that you know um I'm very again I'm very optimistic about the things that uh about humanity and relationships and about trust and you know deep connections especially in a world of AI. Well, that's interesting because I think the fear is that in a world of AI, are we going to get even more removed from many of these things that you just talked about, the basic human attributes that you just spoke of. &gt;&gt; I think we'll there's a lot of value in AI because it's going to give us we're going to be more productive. &gt;&gt; We can spend less time on things we don't have to spend time on, which I think is a good thing. Um but I think we may have to make some mistakes on our way to to realize the value of relationships of of you know deeper dives and like you know like I like I was joking that if I book a travel for my family based on the church or perplexity conversation without going through the motion of seeing some reviews seeing some videos I think I'm coming back with a divorce. My wife was like, "What the hell are you doing?" Like like how did you take us here based on a 30 secondond conversation with JPT? &gt;&gt; You know, like she's like, "What work did you do to actually happen?" &gt;&gt; No, no, but you know, she made sure I'm aware &gt;&gt; boss. But the booking the booking the travel plan, &gt;&gt; let's put this way. When you marry, you know, a strong Eastern European wife like I did, you know what mistakes not to make. So, uh, but I think, you know, we're just going to know that some things are, uh, they're worth the extra time and it's a beautiful time spent &gt;&gt; because we enjoy the journey of learning something about things we care about. Speaking of existential questions that are currently uh being debated across the world and that has to do with how these models are being trained whether publishers actually have a say have a share as far as the revenues are concerned uh litigation underway in different parts of the world including here in India what do you believe the future uh should be what do you believe should be fair as the way forward &gt;&gt; I don't think it's okay to steal from anyone like you know you this geni engines that are taking publishers content without &gt;&gt; you're using a strong word. So you do believe this is stealing. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's exactly what they're doing. I mean, if you take something from someone without their consent, that's called stealing. So, and but if you do it the second time or third time, that's that you can't be evil for a long time. You can be evil for a little bit of time, you know, because then you can maybe argue it was a mistake. But if you keep doing the same thing again and again, that's just long-term evilness. And that's not okay. I mean, so I look at those companies, you know, some of them get away with it because they're too big to to fight with, &gt;&gt; but otherwise, you know, the smaller ones, I think, who knows how it's going to end. It's going to be a probably a big uh legal trophy perhaps on the other side of it. But um but it's not okay to take it's not okay to take content without a green consent. It's not okay to not send traffic back. &gt;&gt; You look at those tiny little icons. You know, you go to those Gen AI engines, you ask a question, and there's this tiny little gray button that unless you have a telescope, you can never see it. And the click rate is probably.1%. That is not called let's send traffic to the open web and get consumers to learn more, you know. So that's &gt;&gt; no one's even clicking on those buttons, right? &gt;&gt; I'm sure it's less. I mean, I'm sure it's insignificant through non-existence. So you're taking content without consent. you're not sending traffic, you don't pay most, you pay some, right? So, I think that is not a recipe for success. So, it's going to change. However, you know, history already proven that we can't really negotiate &gt;&gt; with these tech companies sustainably. You know, we may get &gt;&gt; Yeah. The power balance is completely favorable. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Again, we we've we've seen this before. you know, s when search happened, we we didn't really know if we're going to get more search or less search. When instant article happened with Facebook about 10 years ago, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; it was a huge success, then a huge failure, and then it stopped because it was not great for publishers. Hosting a piece of content on Facebook was a problem. So, at first we did it because how could we say no? &gt;&gt; Then we realized we're not getting traffic. Then we realized we're not being paid. &gt;&gt; Then we sue them. We're pretty much in that phase right now, aren't we? &gt;&gt; Exactly. And what I hope actually, you know, those Genai engines, what I hope they learn or at least consider, you know, if I want to be humble because they've done amazing work. I mean, I'm not taking away from the value they created for consumers, for investors, for themselves. Kudos on them. But what I hope they take if they have a really good friend &gt;&gt; like Kendrick Lamar said, you know, sit down and be humble. I never thought we'd have Kendrick Lamar be quoted. &gt;&gt; You have to like, you know, include some proper hip-hop in this conversation, you know. So, if you go for it, if you want to sit down and just be humble, let me just suggest that if there's ever a lesson to be learned &gt;&gt; from the metas and the Googles is that if you can give if you can give a lot back, like if if you can overindex on giving back to the ecosystem that is building you, you have a better chance to be here forever. But that's not the model &gt;&gt; yet. And I don't know what's I don't &gt;&gt; what will change it. What will force them to change the model? &gt;&gt; I don't know. I mean I I think um it's it's interesting how you know big becomes bigger and and we never see those decisions made. My guess is that you know the companies that are not the open eyes will have a much bigger challenge because again it's a very expensive business. They may be sued by everyone and I don't know how that story ends for some of the smaller ones. the opening eyes of the world. I mean I I am hopeful that u there's a lesson to be learned from social media decisions over the last two decades and they will say that content that fuels our engine those consumers that are coming to us and expect trust &gt;&gt; is a leg in that table that we operate and we have to uh think about how we support not a few not a lot but perhaps everyone. So, and I will tell you in the absence of them doing it, I intend to do it. So, uh until that happens, if it ever happens, Tabula, you know, as as you know, at least in our mind, the Robin Hood of the open web type of thing, we will work extremely hard to make sure that every consumer landing on a publisher gets the best experience so they can converse, learn, and eventually decide on the open web. So, this is a David versus Golad story. I mean, are you are you ready to play? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I'm I'm all in on underdog stories. I mean, first of all, I love those stories. In any case, I'm like Avengers, bring it on, Jedi. Our lightsaber is on, ready to go. And, you know, and so I &gt;&gt; So, what do you have in your arsenal at this point in time to be able to effectively take them on? &gt;&gt; Unlimited passion. I mean, we I mean, dedication and conviction that &gt;&gt; And you know what? and and and many many great friends around the world. You know, the show me who your friends are and I'll tell you who you are. And we have 11,000 incredible friends around the world that serves consumers, 600 million of them every single day. And those are our friends. So, you know, it's like um Captain America, which is a great cartoon, you know, uh with your powers combined, I'm Captain America, you know, and so we have we have great uh friends and and and together we are very strong, &gt;&gt; you know. So, so we tend to go in with our friends with a huge unique data. Our data as an open web &gt;&gt; is very unique. Grock has X. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, they know tweets. Um, Gemini has search very unique. &gt;&gt; Tabula knows the pulse of the internet. We know what India is reading about this very moment. And that readership data fuels our AI engines. So we can create something that is unique to us that's even maybe even is more unique than other engines because we have this curiosity graph readership data that is unique to our publisher base. So to open AI the internet is flat. They just do content licensing deals but they don't know this topic is been more red than this topic and we do. So that is our hopefully &gt;&gt; the differentiation &gt;&gt; the differentiation. Yeah that's our one up over kind of deterministic flat uh points of view engines. So our, you know, going to market to your question is one, we're going to do it with our friends and a huge advertising ecosystem that is motivated for something that's not Google or Facebook to succeed &gt;&gt; and uh a lot of uh empathy, passion, conviction, and 2,000 employees strong, you know, uh working hard. &gt;&gt; But you know, let's talk about that advertising ecosystem that you spoke of as well because that's the other existential question that's being debated. What happens to this advertising ecosystem? what happens to the agency model is that uh uh you know on its way out as well &gt;&gt; historically every time we had a big tech revolution usually we've seen growth like usually what happens if you thought think of go back about eight years ago deep learning was a huge technological revolution on the back of machine learning and that brought a lot of matchmaking technologies that helped advertisers succeed because to succeed in advertising it's magic I mean I have a business and you find me clients. It's magic. So technology usually helps that matchmaking. So historically, you know, that was u a source of growth to advertising economy and we've seen new generation of agencies. &gt;&gt; I think right now the biggest trend is performance advertising. Yeah. The biggest trend is marketers big and small are essentially saying in the world of volatility that we don't really know if this the tariffs are going to go up. We don't know if it's going to be situation in the world. &gt;&gt; The first thing we stop we stop is top of the funnel branding dollars because we're not sure what's going to be the ROI, the return on investment. &gt;&gt; So we lean in on performance advertising channels and with AI that is much more available to us. So I think uh for companies like you know Google, Facebook and agencies that is an opportunity to succeed more with advertisers to grow their advertiser base and for companies like us Tabula we have about 15 20,000 advertisers which is a lot among in the open web but it's nothing in comparison to Google and Facebook who have 10 million. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So my hope is that with tabula beans so AI you know driven we can grow the advertising base we can help more advertisers succeed in the performance advertising space at large even the TV space &gt;&gt; which are obviously huge in &gt;&gt; is evolving as well Amazon is is going hot saying you know &gt;&gt; buy prime and we're going to show you the value of TV advertising as a performance advertisers which is incredible So companies like Amazon is also coming in and saying actually TV can also drive outcomes. &gt;&gt; So even TV ads which is the most traditionally I would say top of the funnel you know big ads &gt;&gt; are becoming performance and outcome. So it's all be being driven by AI. &gt;&gt; So I think uh we'll see a new slew of companies born. &gt;&gt; We'll see uh big tech companies probably taking advantage of their unique data. um and some um maybe not be here if uh unless they have unique data, unique distribution, trust or the right strategy. &gt;&gt; You know, one of the other things I want to talk to you about is uh being a listed entity, being a listed company. And I think that's something that many Indian startup founders today are are considering, many have taken this path. In fact, this has been a blockbuster year as far as IPOs are concerned. India is now being considered an IPO factory. But what's been the experience for you as a as a listed entity? Many feel that it brings in constraints. Some feel it gives you the discipline and the rigor. Uh President Trump believes that it it actually constrains innovation because you have to go out there and report quarter on quarter. How do you see it? &gt;&gt; I like it more than I don't. Uh obviously there are things that are, you know, they they take time that beforehand I didn't have to do. However, over time, especially if your company is, you know, doing well and we're very fortunate. I look at 2025, you know, we've been beat, you know, beat and raise every quarter guidance as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so I think I think when when you when you're off to a good journey and I think when you set expectation properly with the market then you don't have to act differently than you would have uh behaved as a private company &gt;&gt; and then and then you have advantages you know you have uh currency which you can use for you know different things uh maybe some partners of yours are happy to see that you're worth a billion two three billion dollars and because they think you'll never go away so they can rely on you so I think that helps them to see your true colors because they can see your earnings, &gt;&gt; they can see your free cash flow generation, they can see your investments. So I think those things are um are great because it's even a higher degree of transparency which I love. Also it keeps you humble &gt;&gt; because as a management as an company &gt;&gt; the market over time is perfect &gt;&gt; if you grow if you generate good IBIDA margins if you generate free cash flow which allows you to buy shares allows you to grow. I mean look at India you know we now we're about 200 people in India serving all of Tibulo around the world &gt;&gt; how lucky are we that we get to invest you know it's because we run a great business &gt;&gt; you know you talk about India let's uh let's uh get to understand how you see India how you see the trends emerging in India shaping the Indian publishing ecosystem you know how different is the India story in comparison to some of the other markets that you're servicing today &gt;&gt; well well it's there's the office And then there is the more more nuance that people have not understand as deeply as we do working in India for so long. Obviously India is a big market. So that matters to and it's the fourth largest economy in the world. Yeah. &gt;&gt; It's the second largest e-commerce uh market in the world. &gt;&gt; If you're missing those stats and you run a business, I don't know what what you're doing. When I started Tabula, America was the market you could have not missed. You had to be big in America and then the rest of the world. India is is at that stage now. you cannot be uh not successful in India and then the rest of the world because of the size and potential at the very least much like the GDP in the US saying that there's something special about India that is um even more unique especially where we are now one uh culturally like if you know if you're listening to this at least my opinion is that culture is innovation &gt;&gt; um I do not believe that if someone gave you money and that person is a famous investor you have a better chance to succeed I do not believe that if you're famous for for any reason you have a better chance to succeed. I do not believe that if you went to a great school necessarily you have a better chance to succeed. It's your madness, passion, empathy and a group of people that gives you and one up on someone else. And when we work in India with incredible group of of companies, the way they adopt technology, want to innovate, not afraid to fail is unique. It is not by chance that every time Tibula comes with a new product, our new feed product which we copied from Instagram 10 years ago and you brought the feed experience to the open web, India was first. When we uh brought personalization for the homepage, the first market that publishers said, "Ah yeah, we can do it." India and now when we launched deeper dive uh which was you know LLM editorial environment the first but the first market for us in Asia was India. There's no coincidence in business M &gt;&gt; things happen for a reason especially over time. So I think from a cultural perspective as a technology AI company it's crucial to be surrounded by people that want you to succeed or okay failing with you fast and try again the next day. So that is a that is a culture advantage India has and then from the consumer perspective over 60% of people use all of India use AI every single day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, we we talked about e-commerce, you know, massive e-commerce adoption and that's the biggest segment of performance advertising growing e-commerce. So, and we just talked about LLM perhaps reinventing the interface of the internet, &gt;&gt; creating a much better RPO for consumers from clicks to transactions. We just talked about it. So, let's say we're right. Let's say LLM is really a big deal that Sam is on to something and you know that open web will adopt this technology and we're on let's say this that in a year from now you'll consider inviting me again. You may never want to see me again but let's say you do and we have this conversation. Let's say we're right and there's a big upside here. I think the biggest adoption of that technology will come from India. &gt;&gt; We're already seeing that &gt;&gt; perplexity largest audience is in India. Chad GPT &gt;&gt; Chad GPT not a coincidence and that's why uh if we are right and AI is a big deal India is a big deal &gt;&gt; you know it's a large customer base it's large consumer base but you were talking about arpoos there's a problem there as far as arpoos are concerned &gt;&gt; old web &gt;&gt; yeah yeah &gt;&gt; I think new web if we're moving again if if we're right we may be wrong I mean we don't know if this if disc this discussion could be completely right and completely wrong but if we're completely right and LLM creates transactions that happen within the conversation over multiple days of conversation, then I'm then we're going to move consumers from 50 cents a click &gt;&gt; to $500 transaction to $50 transactions &gt;&gt; to $5 tickets. If that happens, our pro goes up a lot. &gt;&gt; Um, so for us, you know, it's early days, a deeper dive. We, you know, we're not given any projection, financial projections on that product just yet. But I do believe that it's the best thing that happened to Google despite the decrease of search. the best thing that happened to them and it's the best thing that happened will happen to publishers uh because of that RPO growth from clicks to transactions from page views to conversations &gt;&gt; and everybody who's watching Arpoo essentially is the average revenue per user but sorry yes dejargonizing that just for the benefit of everybody who's watching but you know I like what you said about culture and innovation so let me end by asking you about how you've been able to shape the culture of innovation at Tabula. What is it that you would like to share with young founders who are looking at starting up or who are looking at scaling up more importantly today? What have been the absolute non-negotiables in building out that culture of innovation? &gt;&gt; It's so obvious that the answer to that has to be around uh people and culture. You know, if you're so lucky, you'll attract people that are better than you, different than you, push back on you while you push back on them. So together you're making better decisions. The biggest mistakes I've ever done, you know, growing from no revenue to about $2 billion in revenue. We make a million dollars every five, six hours now. The biggest mistakes by far that have costed me my mental health and tabula was when I when I got too excited when I when I was star struck by an executive who has succeeded so much more than I did &gt;&gt; and I thought if only they join me I will be successful when I did that and and I and I skipped the most important part of let's go get a drink together and get to know each other and talk about hob like what's what do you do when you're not working tell me about how do you spend your time with your kids, what do you do for fun? Tell me about a horrible experience that really like stuff just human stuff. When I skipped that because I said, "Well, why is that even needed?" That person succeeded at these big companies. &gt;&gt; I'm so lucky they consider me. &gt;&gt; It's when I made those decisions when it cost me the most mental break, you know, uh, and it paused us the most. And it was when I took a leap of faith on someone and they took a leap of faith on me &gt;&gt; of someone that was great in a different universe, &gt;&gt; a rocket scientist, a cyber person. Our first head of sales was a chef &gt;&gt; and he ran a multi-billion dollar business. Before that, he used to cook, &gt;&gt; right? So when you make those decisions, what happens is that when you grow together, you're unbreakable. You know, together you're so strong. And our competitors I think a lot of times made the obvious decision you know raised the obvious money hired the obvious people &gt;&gt; LinkedIn driven profile interviews and I'm not saying but if you're listening to this there's nothing wrong if you work for Google that's fine I forgive you like I'm not saying it's not bad if you have experience but it will never it should never be the reason you get a job in fact it should working for Google coming into a technology company I think you should explain why why that's K and you're still great because you have something to lose your resume and that's a scary thing for someone like us. We want you to take risks together with us. &gt;&gt; Um so that's that's the most important thing people you know bet if you have to make one bet on people &gt;&gt; you said that you know take take big risks at this point in time. What is the biggest risk beyond deeper die what is the biggest risk that you're willing to take? I mean I in general I I'll I'll risk everything for the sake of innovation and growth. I'm not here to pass my time. So in general I I'm I don't have fun just coming to work and just you know floating around and just doing doing the work. So I I try to you know take responsible uh with my team you know I would say because I'm fairly optimistic. So I'm I'm I'm lucky to have my team together. We're balancing each other. You know from here I'm going to LA for an offsite with the team as we're imagining in the future. But in general, I I I don't want to be just doing the work. I want to uh think about the biggest impact we could possibly make. Take take measurable risks and hope that we're seeing double and triples versus incremental growth. &gt;&gt; So, what is the impact that you believe Tabula can make over the next 5 years? What would what would make you happy uh in terms of what you've been able to achieve in the next 5 years? What does that vision board look like? I mean, I hope that advertisers can succeed beyond Google and Facebook. And I hope journalism doubles and triples. If Mark Zuckerberg monetized the open web, the open web would be five times the size because he's amazing at monetizing and he's great at getting 10 million advertisers and he's amazing at building technologies. He's not doing it. We're gonna do it. So, um, I hope the, you know, the open web and journalism succeeds in ways we've never seen before and we'll see birth of new companies that can represent voice that matters in the world of AI and social media. So, uh, so that's that my hope is that my kids make decisions based on what you say versus Tik Tok. &gt;&gt; Well, I certainly hope so. I don't know whether we're going to live in that world or not, but I certainly hope so. uh more power to publishers and you know to those of us who've spent our our lives doing what we do but uh you know you're here in India I I I think you've got a bunch of stuff uh on your playlist that you're enjoying these days that's uh that's Indian yeah &gt;&gt; I'm learning you know I um I was calling my dad I said my dad is a guitar player and I'm an amateur pianist &gt;&gt; so um I called him and I said you have to listen to this great song &gt;&gt; um that I discovered here so we started exchanging like how to play it and different like you know She would play it in like C chord or G chord and E or E minor and like this was like this was me at 1:00 a.m. India Italian uh and and there was a piano at the bar and um our head of uh Asia Pacific was aggressive kind enough to go to the person managing the bar and said is it okay if we play one song and I played it &gt;&gt; and and you got it right. &gt;&gt; I I mean I think I got it right but I'm not sure if my team was too nice to me but but it was so much fun. &gt;&gt; You can't sing it though. No, I'm I'm that you should never see me sing. But next time we do this, &gt;&gt; we get a piano. &gt;&gt; I mean, maybe. Who knows? Maybe we should have piano. We can just improvise and play things. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. We look forward to that, Adam. It's been an absolute pleasure and a lot of fun chatting with you. Thanks so much for dropping into our studios and joining us here on the Young Tech Reloaded podcast. We look forward to more conversation with you. And hopefully uh we we will know in time the answers to those important complex questions and whether you're on the right side of them or not. But we look forward to having you back in the studio. Thanks very much. With that, it is time for us to wrap up this edition of the Young Tex Reloaded podcast. If you enjoyed the conversation, send us your feedback. We always like to hear from you from all of us here on the team. For now, goodbye. Many thanks for watching.
