---
ticker: TBLA
type: youtube
title: "Kinsale Capital Stock Deep Dive w/ Clay Finck & Daniel Mahncke (TIP804)"
channel: "We Study Billionaires"
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ByfY-jhShVU
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 76647
---

# Kinsale Capital Stock Deep Dive w/ Clay Finck & Daniel Mahncke (TIP804)

## 视频信息
- **频道**: We Study Billionaires
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ByfY-jhShVU

## 转录全文

So, Kinsale is not a company that is going to pursue growth just for the sake of growth. They want to pursue opportunities that will increase shareholder value. So, if that means turning down insurance because a competitor is offering a better rate, then they're absolutely fine with doing just that. What's also important to understand about Kensel is that they are intentionally targeting these smaller ENS risks. So, Kenzale's average premium rate is around $15,000. This premium level is pretty much just not interesting to most ENS insurers because there's just not a lot of money to be made for them. But Kenzel built the systems and these processes to be able to process thousands of these smaller policies. And since the company is run so efficiently, this has allowed them to generate return on equity of around 30%. [music] Before we dive into the video, if you've been enjoying the show, be sure to click the subscribe button below so you never miss an episode. It's a free and easy way to support us and we'd really appreciate it. Thank you so much. Hey everybody, welcome back to the Investors Podcast. I'm your host Clayfink and today I'm joined by my new co-host Daniel Mona to discuss Kinsel Capital. I don't want to spoil some of the updates that are to come, but you'll be seeing more of Daniel here on the show. Daniel, it's hard to believe you joined TIP just a year ago. I feel like I've just learned so much from tuning into your episodes ever since. &gt;&gt; Well, I'm glad to to be here again, Clay. And, you know, I can wholeheartedly say that I've learned just as much from you since since I joined TIP. I mean, this past year has been outstanding. I looked at over 60 companies in depth on my show with my co-host Sean together and we learned so much about you know all kinds of industries and companies and I've invested for many years before our show too but I think the last year really felt like we were just speedrunning the investing game and you know at the same time was probably more thorough research than I've ever done before I actually started the show. So yeah, actually there's still some companies and some industries that we haven't looked yet despite looking at all of these different business models. And I think that you know the company we cover today is actually one of such companies that we haven't looked at yet. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean that's one of the things about investing is that the more you learn, the more you discover how much there is out there yet to be found. So as I mentioned during today's episode, Daniel and I will be discussing Kenzel Capital. Kenzale. To put it simply, they're a best-in-class insurer that has just delivered exceptional returns to shareholders since their IPO in 2016. But the stock is actually down around 30% from its highs, making this the fourth draw down of this magnitude in the last 6 years. And this is definitely also a business I've wanted to dive into for a long time. And I'm glad that I had the opportunity to finally do some digging on the company. And um you know it's just been one of those companies that's been on my list for a while to do some research on. &gt;&gt; Yeah, insurance is an industry that we haven't historically covered on the show outside of the you know more well-known companies like Burkshire Hathaway and Fairfax Financial. So to get us started, Clay, how about you give us an overview of maybe the insurance industry as a whole and then how Kinsale actually fits into that picture? Yeah. So, Kenzo Capital, this is a specialty insurer that focuses exclusively on the excess and surplus insurance market here in the United States. They sell insurance in all 50 states, primarily through a network of independent insurance brokers. If we zoom out and take a look at the broader market of insurance, the two big primary categories of insurance are life and health and property and casualty. So Kinsale operates in the PNC market and the PNC market is just a massive mature industry. It tends to grow at a rate similar to the broader economy and in 2024 written premiums for the PNC industry totaled around $1 trillion. So clearly a very large industry. Within the PNC industry sits the excess and surplus market, which is much more dynamic and it's oftentimes referred to as the non-standard market or the specialty market. The excess and surplus market is unique in that it's a market that standard insurance companies won't insure. So, it exists to provide coverage for these unusual, new, or high-risk situations. So to help wrap your mind around what this might look like, a few examples can include insuring a construction company that's doing very dangerous work, insuring a building in a wildfire prone area, a brand new business with no operating history, or maybe unusual liability exposure such as amusement parks, for example. So, one of the examples I came across in my research was that a dentist wanted to get professional liability insurance, but the dentist had a past history of being accused of sexual misconduct from his patients. So, this might be a unique situation where standard insurers decide that they just aren't going to offer any coverage to dentists with that sort of background. But Kinsdale is able to step in, look at the situation, and see if they can put together a policy that makes sense both for them and the insured. So in this case, Kinsale discovered that the dentist was good at what they did professionally. So they were willing to offer liability coverage for anything related to the professional services, but they would exclude covering personal issues such as sexual misconduct. So that sort of illustrates how Kenzale is able to serve these niche parts of the market that are underserved by standard insurers. ENS companies like Kenzale, they tend to write most of their business in states that are more latigious, meaning that there are more lawsuits uh that tend to occur in these states. So Kenzale, they do a lot of business in California, Florida, Texas, and New York. Additionally, Florida and California have naturally elevated levels of catastrophic risk leading to more demand for ENS insurance exposure. Now, even though the risks that they are taking on are perceived to be higher risk, the important thing is that they're pricing that risk appropriately. And although these types of policies might seem like they're higher risk, they can also bring in higher margins because they tend to attract less competition. I'm not sure if if listeners know that or aware of that, but Clay, you're basically an insurance expert. I would say you've worked as an actuary in the field for some years. So, do you think that experience might have helped you digging into Kinsel in in more detail? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, uh I certainly wouldn't say I'm uh an expert, but I do have some professional experience in the industry as an actuary, and it did make me a bit more curious to dig into Ken Sales. So for those who aren't aware, uh the actuaries are kind of the people in the background calculating the rates that insurance pay. They're figuring out what sort of reserves should be held and how products should be structured. Perhaps they could be referred to as the engineers of insurance. It's not the most glamorous field, so I'll tell you that much. But there are plenty of takeaways I could share from my time in the industry. So one of the most important principles I think that listeners should walk away from in understanding insurers is that the way insurers are able to make money is largely due to the law of large numbers. So if a life insurance company for example they insure millions of people they can rely on a host of data and their sheer size to be able to accurately price each risk that they're underwriting. So if one of their policies doesn't go exactly as they'd like then they know that they'll still be just fine. The excess and surplus market is different in the sense that you don't have the law of large numbers playing as much to your favor at least to the same extent in the case of Kenzale. So an insurer may be able to underwrite certain types of risks based on a very limited data set. But if just a few things go wrong or if the data is bad, then insurers can end up writing some unprofitable business either because the data didn't represent the true risk at hand or the insurer isn't able to spread out that risk enough to ensure that they're profitable enough across the entire book of business. So I think it would also be helpful to outline how the insurance industry works at a high level just a bit further. So the insurance industry is notorious for being highly regulated to help protect consumers and ensure that insurers have the financial backing to take on the risks that they're taking on. So there are two main insurance markets within PNC at least. First is the admitted market or the standard market. The admitted market is where regular insurance companies operate and are pretty highly regulated by the state. Then you also have the non-admitted which includes insurers that cover insurance that the standard market rejects which I sort of touched on a bit already. Kinsale Capital operates in the non-admitted market which aren't as regulated as the admitted market. So since Kinsale is not as regulated as a traditional insurer, they have more flexibility in their business. So their rates and policy forms don't require prior state approval. They can customize coverage for unique risks and they can price policies more freely based on that risk. This gives Kenale more flexibility in their insurance coverage relative to your typical insure. And this means that coverage can be more customized. They can tailor it to exclude parts of the risk that they're just not interested in insuring. They can also demand higher deductibles or impose tighter limitations. So, in my uh first job out of school, I worked at a small consulting firm over in Omaha, and I would frequently put together these insurance filings. I would get sent to the states here in the US for approval. Then the state would write a letter back submitting the filings and uh you know, asking questions. And I cannot count the number of times we would get asked, you know, why are you increasing your premiums by 6%, why not 2% or why not 0%. or they would just flat out reject the increase and say that premiums need to stay where they're at. And then we go back and forth sort of arguing with the state on the client's behalf to try and make the premium adjustments that these insurance companies would want to try and hit their profitability levels. So the state to me sort of acts as this watchdog for the industry to ensure that consumers are being charged fair premiums. Yeah, it just told me before the call that there are some parts of the job that were more fun and then some parts that that weren't that much fun. I guess this is one of the the latter ones and actually did a bit of research on you know regulations going into this discussion since I knew we would be covering kinsale and regulators certainly play an important role in the insurance industry obviously and I mean they keep insurers in check to make sure that you know they have adequate reserves to pay future claims. They oversee how prices are set and of course they you know protect consumers from unfair practices and they also prevent excess risk takingaking on side of the the insurers but regulation does have its drawbacks and you know as the admitted or the standard market as you said is slow to adapt new risks and it's kind of reluctant to take on complex or hard to model exposures and this is exactly you know the non-admitted market or why it exists basically. So now the insurance business isn't one that typically gets me too excited as an investor. And to kind of help to illustrate what I mean, here's actually a quote from Warren Buffett from his 1987 shareholder letter. And he said, "The insurance industry is cursed with a set of dismal economic characteristics that make for a poor long-term outlook. You have hundreds of competitors, ease of entry, and a product that cannot be differentiated in any meaningful way. In such a commodity like business, only a very lowcost operator or someone operating in a protected and unusually small niche can sustain high profitability levels. So if anyone wondered why after looking at, you know, dozens of companies on our show, we didn't look at insurance companies before, there you have it from Buffett himself. And I mean, in most cases, the insurance market is just not kind to investors. Yeah, I mean I would certainly agree with that assessment from Buffett, but I would also argue that Kinsel Capital is unique for several reasons. So Kinsel has developed this deep underwriting expertise to write coverage for these unusual or hard to place risks and this has really allowed them to just be a spectacular investment since the IPO. So since the IPO in July of 2016, the stock has compounded at 37% per year. So, this is just an unheard of level of compounding for an insurance company, especially considering the comments we just read from Buffett all the way back from 1987. The only calendar year in which Kinzale's stock had a decline since the IPO was just last year in 2025. This brought the valuation more back to reality or more back to a reasonable level, let's say. So the PE ratio now is at around 18. And this is a similar level to where it was at when the company IPOed. And the price to book, which is a measure that insurers are often judged on, the price to book is roughly 4.5 times. And this is a level we haven't seen since January 2019. One thing that really stood out to me in studying Kenzale was the second paragraph in their 10K. They write, "Our goal is to deliver long-term value for our stockholders by growing our business and generating attractive returns. We seek to accomplish this by generating consistent and attractive underwriting profits while managing our capital prudently." Now, this is just music to a value investor's ears to hear that one of management's top priorities is to generate value for shareholders. And it's sort of a bit ironic that Buffett would essentially say that insurance is a tough way to compound capital. And yet Kenzel's founder and CEO has figured out a way to compound at just extraordinary rates since the company started back in 2009. And that's one of the great things about Kenzale is that it's still a founder company. The company was founded by Michael Kho. He's still the CEO and he owns around 4% of the shares outstanding. that's valued at $350 million and the company's headquartered out of Richmond, Virginia. From the beginning, Kenale has had a clear focus on the underserved excess and surplus market, targeting these complex risks. And this focus on the ENS market is part of what gives them a moat. They don't have other divisions trying to consume capital, and their systems are built for the ENS market specifically. And this focus is key to the advantage that they've built over time. So Kho, he has uh decades of experience in this industry, having previously been the president and CEO of James River Insurance Company. And then alongside a team of veterans, Kinsell set out to target the small ENS risks with fast quoting, disciplined underwriting, and broker only distribution to capitalize on opportunities in the midst of the great financial crisis back in 2009. And the company's always put a really big emphasis on being technologydriven from the ground up. So this is to maximize efficiencies and ensure that underwriting discipline. Kiho he operates the business in this very disciplined manner similar to how Berkshire operates in the insurance space as well. So Kinsale is not a company that is going to pursue growth just for the sake of growth. They want to pursue opportunities that will increase shareholder value. So if that means turning down insurance because a competitor is offering a better rate ENS risks. So Kenzale's average premium to be made for them. But Kinsel built has run so efficiently, this has allowed around 30%. So from the beginning, Kio has been very intentional in these markets that he wants to serve. He knows that the ENS market offers better margins and growth prospects and targeting these smaller accounts makes the business prospects even better. He knows that as the account size grows, the competition for that account grows exponentially. So pursuing smaller accounts also allows Kinsale to really spread out their risk across thousands of policies and lower the potential for catastrophic exposure. you know, if they were just targeting a few larger accounts, then they could be taking excess, you know, too much risk. If a hurricane were to strike Florida or something were to earthquake hits California and a large number of their risks are affected, they're really intentional about spreading out that risk across their insured base. &gt;&gt; I can't really help myself. I I usually just look at things from the the value investing world lens. And and this kind of reminds me of people who you know look at small caps like the niches of the market where you can actually still feel like the market is less efficient than maybe in these large caps and it feels like the management team of Kinsel has done exactly that. And you know as Buffett outlined insurance at a basic level is certainly a commodity. So in order to make money in insurance you either need to go very niche or have a cost advantage over your competitors. And to me it seems that Kinsel actually does both. I mean they do lower costs by you know utilizing their proprietary technology to create a cost advantage over competitors and they target risks that most other ENS insurers won't even care to to try to ensure. Yeah, Kensil actually uh describes technology as one of their core competencies and I think that's important because I have seen firsthand how bureaucratic and slowm moving the insurance industry can be. So once a company like Kenzale gains a significant lead, it can really take some time for some of the other players to catch up if they ever do. So Kinsale seeks to operate with this very high degree of efficiency, high levels of accuracy in their underwriting and then speed across just all of their processes. And they also make the best use of the statistical data that they have within insurance. There's a lot that goes into the sharing of information. This could mean filing for a quote, filing for a claim, or communicating with brokers. And AI, of course, is top of mind for many investors today in terms of its ability to increase automation and and efficiency. But this is really nothing new to Kenale as they've been optimizing this business from day one. And they are not stopping now as their cost structure continues to decline and margins continue to improve. In their annual report, they wrote, "We believe that our approach to technological advancement will provide us with an enduring competitive advantage as it allows us to quickly respond to market opportunities and will continue to scale as our business grows." End quote. In addition to the underwriting profit that Kinsale earns within their insurance operations, they also generate investment income on the float that they hold. As our audience knows, Bergkshire is famous for having Buffett invest part of Bergkshire's float in private companies and the stock market more broadly. Whereas Kinsale, they tend to keep their focus on uh fixed income instruments and this plays a significant role in the profitability of the business as well. Kinsale wants to maintain that strong credit rating. So they aren't going to go too far out on the risk curve with their investments and they're going to emphasize capital preservation over maximizing the yield that they're getting on that float. &gt;&gt; We actually have members in our community that are, you know, huge Kinsell fans and one of them actually pitched the company a couple of weeks ago in one of these competitions that we always have and one thing that stood out to me is, you know, just the exceptional management team. I mean they brought a totally different angle to the insurance game and as you said I mean the insurance industry moves slowly and you know that firsthand. So when a player like Kinsel comes in and then starts innovating and executing at the pace that they did it's just incredibly hard to stop. You know it's certainly one of those players that you would see actually benefiting from AI compared to their you know lot slower competitors. So anyway, you you talked about ways to bring down expenses and another way that Kinsel seems to, you know, limit its expenses is by bringing its underwriting in-house. So maybe you could talk a bit about the advantages of going in this direction versus outsourcing the underwriting, which is what some other companies actually do. Yeah, I think before I get to the underwriting, one of the things I would like to highlight about a lot of the phenomenal companies we talk about on the show is that great companies don't just have one aspect to their moat. It's usually a laooa of several different factors all happening at once. And that's can tend to make a company misunderstood. It tends to make it really difficult to replicate. And I think a lot of people just have a tough time wrapping their minds around, you know, all that goes into some of these phenomenal companies. So during this episode, I'd like to sort of highlight some of the several key things that are happening within Kinsale. And of course, I'm not going to be able to touch on all of them, but I'll certainly do my best. So to touch on the underwriting from a high level, an insurance company's job is to segment and price risk. If they can't appropriately price risk, then they're bound to get themselves into trouble. So, this means really good underwriting is essential. One of the things that is unique about Kinsale is that they keep all of their underwriting inhouse and they have this culture of continuous improvement. So, they are constantly monitoring industry trends and trying to improve that underwriting. The pricing of risk, it's always a moving target. So really the work is never finished on this front and there's always room for improvement. On the other hand, many of the other excess and surplus insurers outsource their underwriting to what are referred to as MGAs. So let's imagine you're a small ENS carrier. Maybe you're a new entrant to the industry. It probably makes sense to outsource the underwriting because you might not have the industry expertise required to do appropriate underwriting. But outsourcing this critical function can also lead to several key issues. There's a fundamental misalignment of interest for MGAs because they're responsible for determining an appropriate premium level for each risk, but they aren't responsible for the risk itself. And it's the classic principal agent problem. Are you looking to connect with highquality people in the value investing world? Beyond hosting this podcast, I also help run our tip mastermind community, a private group designed for serious investors. Inside, you'll meet vetted members who are entrepreneurs, private investors, and asset managers. People who understand your journey and can help you grow. Each week, we host live calls where members share insights, strategies, and experiences. Our members are often surprised to learn that our community is not just about finding the next dog pick, but also sharing lessons on how to live a good life. We certainly do not have all the answers, but many members have likely faced similar challenges to yours. And our community does not just live online. Each year, we gather in Omaha and New York City, giving you the chance to build deeper, more meaningful relationships in person. One member told me that being a part of this group has helped him not just as an investor, but as a person looking for a thoughtful approach to balancing wealth and happiness. We're capping the group at 150 members, and we're looking to fill just five spots this month. So, if this sounds interesting to you, you can learn more and sign up for the weight list at thevestorpodcast.com/mastermind. That's thespodcast.com/mastermind. or feel free to email me directly at claytheinvespodcast.com. If you enjoy excellent breakdowns on individual stocks, then you need to check out the intrinsic value podcast hosted by Shaun Ali and Daniel Mona. Each week, Shawn and Daniel do in-depth analysis on a company's business model and competitive advantages. And in real time, they build out the intrinsic value portfolio for you to follow along as they search for value in the market. So far, they've done analysis on great businesses like John Deere, Ulta Beauty, AutoZone, and Airbnb. And I recommend starting with the episode on Nintendo, the global powerhouse in gaming. It's rare to find a show that consistently publishes highquality, comprehensive deep dives that cover all of the aspects of a business from an investment perspective. Go follow the intrinsic value podcast on your favorite podcasting app and discover the next stock to add to your portfolio or watch list. The MGAs tend to be paid based on premium volume while the insurer cares most about long-term underwriting profitability. So, the incentives are not well aligned here. This could lead to the MGA either being incentivized to try and get more business to be written or lead to them, you know, recommending or pricing these riskier policies than what might appear on the surface. So to use an analogy, it would be like you paying me for me to give you stock ideas to invest in, but me taking none of the downside risk should those ideas turn out to be poor investments. So in the case of Kenzale again, they're doing all the underwriting themselves. Based on my understanding, they would never outsource this key function. So they have every incentive to turn down business that they know is unprofitable. Quote premiums that generate their profitability targets and avoid business that they just deem too risky. Maybe they don't have the data. They don't have the experience with those types of risks. Kinsale's in-house underwriters are incentivized first to underwrite for a profit and second to grow the business. So, at the end of the day, Kenale lives or dies based on how well they underwrite in this market and they don't necessarily rely on the kindness of strangers. Now, also think about how that dynamic might change from the standpoint of innovation. MGAS they may or may not innovate and you know the insurer may or may not benefit from such innovations whereas at Kensale if they improve their underwriting processes then they only stand to benefit from those improvements. I don't think this would be a surprise to anyone but I again just want to highlight just how slowm moving and resistant to change the insurance industry can be. So many of the largest PNC insurers are still operating on legacy technology systems that you know were built decades ago and modernizing these systems is just incredibly difficult. It's very costly. It's very time consuming to just overhaul and modernize these systems or you know bring underwriting in house. For example, at my uh previous job, I actually worked at an insurer here in Lincoln and I remember just how big of a deal it was for them to switch one of their IT systems. It involved countless people. It led to countless headaches and because of how cumbersome and time consuming it is. I wouldn't say that the employees overall are too excited about making such a change. You know, quality incentives and I'll I'll show you the outcome. they'd probably just rather keep their existing legacy systems that require, you know, all these manual processes that are just inefficient, but it gives them something to do day-to-day. And because insurance is fundamentally about managing risk, the culture of the industry tends to be very conservative as well. So most insurers prioritize stability. They prioritize avoiding mistakes rather than pushing for innovation, which means the pace of technological improvement is often pretty slow. This environment creates an interesting opportunity for a company like Kinsale though because most players are just resistant to that change in innovation, but Kinsale embraces it. And once a company gains a big operational lead in a slowmoving industry like insurance, it can take a long time for competitors to catch up. In one of the uh CEO's presentations, I heard a Michael Kho. He was talking about how they lost one of their larger accounts a few years ago. So, the account it was coming up on its renewal period and Kenzel had quoted them a renewal premium of $170,000 and they ended up losing that account because an MGA mclassified the business and underwrote a premium of just $57,000. So, um, we're going to talk about this later, but oftent times these insureds are, uh, mainly shopping based on price. So, the MGA quoted a price that was one-third that of Kenzalees, but the lower premium was not due to the MGA, you know, pricing the risk more appropriately, but it was actually due to them classifying the business as a sporting goods distributor instead of a firearms manufacturer. So that's just one example that illustrates how Kenzale I think they tend to do a better job in their underwriting for the risks that they're taking on and they've put together the systems, the expertise, the processes and the right team to accurately price these risks and do so very efficiently. You know, when you talk about the headaches of changing an IT system at an insurance company, that kind of gives me immediate flashbacks to all of our consolation software discussions. You know, it always seems so straightforward to just go with the new shiny product. Currently, it's AI, but in reality, you know, keeping what works is often the best solution. And you know, that's the switching cost mode that CSU is often talking about, right? And I mean, insurance is generally quite an interesting field because insurers are literally selling a product without knowing the underlying cost of what it actually is that they're selling. So when you look at you know practically any business it generally knows what its costs are going to be with a high degree of certainty. So I mean take Coca-Cola as an example. Let's say they charge $1.50 for a bottle of Coke. So you know that is sold to a retailer. They can then look at their expenses and say well this much went into purchasing the syrup this much for the bottle and this much to transport the bottle of Coke and you know all of that stuff. But insurance companies they don't have that luxury right? I mean, if an insurer sells a whole life insurance policy with, let's say, a million dollar face value, the insurer doesn't know whether they will need to pay out that million dollars in a month from now, in 10 years, in 30 years, or at any point in, you know, the next 50, 60 years. So, that's what makes the accounting so tricky when it comes to insurers because they need to set aside reserves and those reserves make actual assumptions on when and at what level of claims will be paid out over time. You know, Buffett has cautioned investors that some insurers might appear to have a cost advantage with the way that they basically set reserves and handle their accounting. And it's kind of like having, you know, a self-graded exam in class. I think we all still know how they turn out most of the time. And, you know, if an insurer understates the level of claims they need to pay, it might appear on the surface as if it's this well-run and, you know, more profitable company than it actually is for a while. And this is particularly true of all these long-term risks, right? Where claims may be paid out many many years or even decades into the future after a policy is actually written. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I think Kenzel has actually shared that they are very conservative in setting reserves but I think about any insurer would tell you that they operate very conservatively. But insurers are required to disclose how reserves are adjusted over time. And historically at least Kinsale has consistently overestimated their reserves which shows that they actually do or historically have been taking a fairly conservative approach in not trying to mislead their investors. I I don't expect them to get this perfect certainly as you know surprises can and often do happen in insurance but generally they've been pretty conservative with their reserving methodology. Another way that Kenzale limits the level of risk that they're taking is I hit on this a little bit earlier, but just simply diversifying their exposure base. So instead of being concentrated in one industry or one geography, they do a pretty good job of spreading out their bets across uncorrelated and markets. In their reports, they share several lines of business they have exposure to, which includes things like commercial property, excess casualty, construction, allied health, entertainment, and energy. With this diversification though, almost all of their lines of business share three key features. They tend to be commercial rather than personal. They involve non-standard risks and they require specialized underwriting judgment. &gt;&gt; So given that Kinsale is trying to keep the costs as low as possible, how does their expense structure compare against, you know, these other insurance companies? &gt;&gt; So it's funny. Last May, uh, we were in Omaha together for the Bergkshire meeting and on Sunday we attended the Markel brunch. At that event, Markell, they put together this investor presentation and they take questions from the audience. So, Markeel does this presentation and they highlight, you know, how they seek to be a market leader in each of their pursuits. The irony is that I think they did a pretty good job of highlighting just how special of a business Kensale is. They had a slide there that showed the combined ratio for several excess and surplus insured. So for those not familiar with this insurance terminology, the combined ratio is a measure that helps show how profitable an insurance company is. So the lower the combined ratio, the better. So in 2024, Markell's combined ratio was 95%. This means that for every $100 in premium that they're collecting, they get to keep roughly $5 as profit after paying expenses and paying out claims. Markeel also showed the combined ratio for their competitors. Several competitors had a combined ratio that was lower than Markell's, including Chub and RLI Specialty Insurance, but nobody had anywhere near the combined ratio that Kinzale Capital had. Kenale's combined ratio in 2024 was 76% and they consistently keep that ratio below 80%. RLI was the next closest competitor on that slide. They were at 86% and while RLI keeps around $14 out of every $100 they take in, Kensale is keeping around $24. So nobody in the ENS or the PNC industry for that matter is in the same league as Skinale. While their combined ratio is around 76%, the industry average is around 91%. So within a given year, Kinsale is sending more than 400,000 quotes to insurance brokers and closing business on more than 40,000 of those quotes. So other insurers really struggle to do that level of volume in the ENS market. And again, this ties directly into their culture of operating with a high level of efficiency and automating as much as possible. Kinsale is able to do, you know, all of this with just 700 employees, which I thought was pretty impressive. And another reason that Kinale's margins are significantly better is because most of their competitors are going to be outsourcing the underwriting for these policies. So when a broker requests a quote for a potential customer, it's Kinsale themselves that is determining what the premiums should be. So their competitors are also, you know, inherently just giving up some level of margin by paying somebody else to be generating that quote for them. &gt;&gt; It's pretty remarkable actually what Kinsel has been able to do because insurance again tends to be one of the most commoditized industries out there. I recently put together an episode on MS for our intrinsic value podcast and it's just incredible how how some people will buy a $40,000 MS bag because it is MS and actually because it costs $40,000. And you know in insurance as we all know you have the opposite dynamic where business owners purchase insurance not because they want to but because they have to. And most people purchasing insurance they just want the coverage that you know costs the least. And usually what that means is there's not a lot of pricing power. And we've looked at so many businesses and what we find is that if you're a good business but in a bad industry, usually that means your business won't be doing that well either. But there are some companies for which that just doesn't seem to be the case. And Kinsel is one of those. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, uh, what you just highlighted, I think, is a reason to even be skeptical at Kinzale. You know, really dig into the details and really understand what sort of advantages they might have. And I can certainly attest to that. um you know the pricing power within insurance. You know when I pay for an insurance premium I tend to think of it as just throwing money down the drain. I like my Geico auto coverage because I think their premiums are very reasonable and if they were to hike my premium enough times I would likely take one or two hours to get my covers switched. I have no brand loyalty to any autoinsure. Uh for the record, the last thing I want to do is overpay for insurance because as Buffett said, at the end of the day, this is a commodity and most of the time customers tend to highly prioritize the price they're quoted. &gt;&gt; And Kinser knows, you know, that having a low expense structure and competitive premiums is essential to succeed in this business. So their expense ratio is something like 21% while their competitors will have an expense ratio of 35% and some actually have one as high as 40%. And as you highlighted earlier, I think it illustrates just how slow these legacy insurance companies can be to adapt. I think it almost seems that, you know, the only way one can get an expense ratio or structure as low as as Kinsel has it is if you basically start out from scratch, you know, instead of trying to modernize the systems at these larger insurance companies, which you know, as you said, can be even difficult to do if it's just a software that you want to exchange. In an interview with CEO Michael Kho, he even compared what Kinsel is doing today, what Geico and Progressive have done in the personal auto industry. And for decades, they basically made technology one of their core competencies, not only to, you know, deliver strong returns, but also to grow their market share significantly. I mean, for example, in 1990, Progressive had a market share of around 1 to 2% and today they have a market share of around 16% of the auto insurance market. And with that said, Kinsel has already had an incredible run over the past decade. So, do you still see them, you know, going the way of progressive and continuing to steal share? Are we close to the maximum that they can reach? &gt;&gt; Yeah, so the ENS market, it's estimated to do around $115 billion in written premium. So, that's around 10% of the broader PNC market. And Kensale has less than 2% of the market in the ENS space. So since Kenzale has been growing revenues north of 30% for several years in the past, they've of course been increasing that market share and I think it's clear that there's still room for them to continue to grow that market share in the future. One of the reasons that Kinsale is able to steal market share is because they have that sole focus on the ENS industry. So when you look at competitors like Chub, AIG, Travelers, these are large insurers with several different divisions. And due to Kenzale's focus, they're able to have more underwriting expertise. They have the processes in place that are optimized for that one industry. And most of their management team has 20, 30 plus years experience in the industry. And I think part of their advantage over these bigger players is the speed at which they're able to work with brokers. So insurance tends to be distributed through brokers. So they ultimately decide which insur is getting the business. As a result, speed and reliability tend to matter a lot. So, Kinsale has this proprietary technology that has allowed them to issue quotes fast, which is an important innovation given that they are getting requests for these hard to place risks. So if Kenzale is getting right back to the broker uh with a quote, but other insurers might be taking days or weeks to run the quote, then brokers may increasingly choose to select Kinsale in writing the business. And not only is Kinsale stealing share in the ENS market, but the ENS market itself is growing at a fairly rapid rate as well. So for commercial lines from 2010 to 2023, the standard PNC market, it grew by 4.6% per year. So slightly faster than the broader economy. While the ENS market grew by 10.5% per year. So in starting Kinsale in 2009, I think it's pretty clear that Kho recognized the trends that were playing to his favor at the &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, as Charlie Munger said, and you also earlier in this episode, show me the incentive and you know, I will show you the outcome. And we all know that brokers earn commissions when actually selling insurance. So you know, that is obviously a benefit if you're just faster than competitors. So how do kin sales commission compare to those of you know the other insurers? &gt;&gt; Yeah, commissions do certainly play a big role in determining which policies are sold and you know which insurers the the brokers want to select and this was actually really interesting to research and management has a lot of experience in this industry and is very shareholder focused. So I would expect them to try and find the right balance of compensating brokers enough but you know not being overly generous in the commissions they're handing out. So Kenzale they pay an average commission of around 14 to 15% of gross written premiums but the commission it isn't the sole consideration by the broker. They're also considering the price that the insured is paying and the service and expertise offered by the carrier when determining where to place their business. So, you can imagine, you know, if you're a broker and you get two quotes from the uh insurers, let's say Ken sales is $15,000 premium, the other insurers a $16,000 premium. Well, it's in the broker's best interest to to give the insured the best deal instead of, you know, giving them the spiel of why they should pay more for coverage that is essentially the same. So, Kensale believes that their commission rates are slightly lower than that of their competitors, but they're able to make up for that through their high degree of service and their rapid response time. So, if they can help make the broker's lives easier, then that's a win-win for everyone, even if they're paying a slightly lower commission rate than the next carrier. And as I already highlighted, due to the high level of automation in Kinale's workflows, they're able to provide these quotes at a faster pace than their competitors. And most people just don't view shopping for insurance as a very pleasant experience. So, they tend to just want to take care of it as soon as possible. And sometimes speed is actually a necessity in getting coverage. So for example, a lender might require proof of general liability coverage before releasing funds or a contractor might not be able to start work until they've gotten coverage. So in these types of situations, speed is of utmost importance which Kinale is very well positioned to deliver on. Furthermore, I was uh speaking with a member of our community who happened to meet with Kenzale's CFO and the member was telling me that since the brokers don't make much money on these smaller ENS policies, they tend to just, you know, view them as a headache. So once a customer comes in wanting that type of policy, the broker tends to just want to get it off their plate. They probably have bigger issues to deal with and bigger accounts to service. And I think that's yet another reason why speed plays so into Kenzel's favor. to dig more into the insurance terminology. You were telling me earlier about, you know, insurance being either in a hard or a soft market. So maybe for those not as familiar with insurance as you are, what do those terms actually mean? &gt;&gt; Yeah, digging in into this sort of made my head spin a bit because, you know, soft markets and hard markets have different implications for different insurers depending if you're uh you know, very disciplined like Kenzale or your standard insurer out there. So, the hard versus soft market terminology is essentially getting to the underlying market dynamics. It reminds me of how in real estate agents will talk about how we're either in a buyer market or a sellers market. For example, in a buyer market, the buyer tends to have the upper hand in the negotiations. So, in insurance, a hard market occurs when insurance becomes more expensive or harder to obtain. So in other words, the insurer has the upper hand at the table. A hard market leads to rising premium rates, stricter underwriting standards, less coverage capacity, and more exclusions and restrictions in the policies. This type of environment, it tends to happen after the industry experiences some losses. So that means claims are rising faster than initially expected or there are capital shortages among insurers. You can imagine that if you were an insurer and your financial position was getting pretty tight, then naturally you would want to increase your premium rates and limit the amount of risk that you're taking. Whereas in a soft market, things are going well. Premiums might be declining or flat. More insurers are competing for business and broader coverage is offered to try and capture more shares. So this tends to happen when insurers are in a much better financial situation. Since insurance is a commodity, it makes sense that the industry would go through, you know, these cycles of hard and soft markets. And coming out of the early 2000s, the industry was in a hard market. This was driven by 9/11 losses, a surge in claims, and a brutal bare market hitting investment portfolios. Then interest rates rose sharply, and underwriting tightened significantly with insurers focused on restoring that profitability. But hard markets don't last forever as results improved and new capital entered the space. The market began softening and this is a trend that deepened steadily from roughly 2010 through 2017. Carriers were cutting rates. They were loosening their terms and they were chasing premium volumes at the expense of underwriting discipline. So in a soft market, the insurer effectively sets the price without too much of a consideration for how profitable that price will be long term. And soft markets are a really difficult environment for Kenzale whose model is built around pricing each risk accurately and walking away when the numbers just don't work. So the tide started to turn around 2017 2018 years of inadequate pricing combined with back-to-back catastrophic loss years. It began exposing how poorly reserved many insurance carriers were. So insurers they started to suffer the consequences of their short-term decisions of the past which helped give Kenzale more pricing power and uh insurers in the standard market they were really dialing back their coverage which pushed a lot of business into the ENS market which really benefited Kenale and somewhat ironically when the standard market does tighten the ENS market is expanding to fill the gaps in the market. So that's what I'm talking about when I mention my head sort of spinning of all these, you know, good for one carrier, not so good for another carrier. There's a lot to wrap your mind around here. So the resulting hard market, it lasted around 6 years, far longer than the 3 to to fouryear average seen uh since the 1980s, and it featured a more gradual sustained elevation of rates rather than these sharp spikes and drops of prior cycles. So moving into 2025, the market began to soften again in certain lines and Kinsale has started to see that pressure. Their response as always will be to hold the line on price and accept slower growth rather than chasing premium volume at inadequate margins, which is exactly what their model is designed to do. When we look at the growth in Kinale's business over time, this is really, you know, what we're seeing when we look at the market dynamics over time. So growth really took off in 2019 as the market was hardening. They entered 2019 with just over $200 million in premium volume and today they do over $1.6 billion in premiums on an annual basis. So however the market environment has normalized as it's softened and we're seeing that in the growth figures as premium growth in 2025 was around 18% while premium grew on average by 36% annualized in the 5 years prior. However, 18% premium growth is still very good for an insurance company. If the insurance industry continues to soften, then we could see kin sales growth potentially continue to slow. I think the most important takeaway is that the ENS market is cyclical, but it's still a market with structural long-term growth. And it's also important to keep in mind that the ENS market got that significant boost postco. So, it's important for investors not to get too tied or too anchored to the growth rates that we saw for Kenzale from 2019 to 2024 due to the unique market environment during that period. I think one of the other really interesting things about Kinsale is just how the management team just truly takes ownership of the company they run. I mean they take pride in the fact they've built really a best-in-class insurer and the management team also owns sizable portions of stock as well. As you know, I like to look at, you know, management compensation and how management is incentivized because if you look at so many companies, one common denominator is just that people actually are incentivized to go in the right direction, right? I mean, that's so [snorts] important for for all the companies we look at. And you know, Kinsel's CEO, for example, he owns shares worth about $350 million. The COO has $64 million stake. And the CFO has a stake of about $24 million. So for a company that's worth more than about $8 billion right now, this might not seem significant, but what matters more is not necessarily the value of the holdings relative to the size of the company, but actually relative to their own net worth, right? And you know, when taking a look at the salaries of the management team, the salaries are relatively modest, which can help us further put into perspective how management is incentivized. I mean these top managers can clearly increase their net worth much more by you know providing value to shareholders and increasing the stock price rather than making money just from a high salary. And you know Michael Kho for example he had about $1.2 million in salary in 2024 and he earned I think about $6.7 million in total compensation which is relatively modest compared to his share ownership that is worth you know hundreds of millions of dollars. Yeah, I do agree with you that the incentives do seem pretty well aligned. And on that note, one of the things that I picked up in listening to Kho is just how passionate he is about this business. He knows the business from top to bottom and he comes across to me as someone who treats his role at Kenzel very, very seriously and treats the company like it's his baby. And you know, just just again, this company was started in 2009 at as nothing and today it's worth $8 billion. So over the years he's done several things that can just be incredibly difficult to do such as attracting highquality talent, learning how to motivate them and retain them and continue to encourage that culture of innovation. He Kho, you know, you and I sort of touched on this, but he seems like a value investor in the insurance space and that's sort of what you can see in any industry. You know, you did your episode on constellation. Mark Leonard, he's been a value investor in the software space for years. And I think that's you can find that in a lot of great companies. And Kho, he especially knows the importance of having great people. and he knows that, you know, if there's a legacy insurer that just has a somewhat, let's say, mediocre culture or mediocre environment, mediocre growth outlook, then their top performers are going to want to be at a company that is a top performing company. And Kho knows how to attract some of that talent and most importantly retain them for the long term. And one of the other things that stood out to me about Kho is just how humble he is. He's certainly not looking to pump his stock price based on what I can tell. All he seems to care about is delivering results and being a good steward of shareholder capital. &gt;&gt; When I first started looking at, you know, these larger companies, I always felt like talking about culture seems so like so wonky. Like what exactly is culture actually meaning? But I think if you look at these companies, you look at their financials, you look at how management speaks, you will actually see and figure out for each company individually what culture actually means. And I mean, listen to some interviews of Michael Kho and you will understand how much he cares about the business. And then you will understand why he's so much more long-term focused than so many other companies in the space. And that's really something that you see in in all the successful management teams and therefore also in all these successful companies that that you will look at. And I mean when we look at the incentive structure for Kinsale, I mean management's incentive plan is based primarily on company financial performance metrics and only then adjusted for individual performance. So the three business metrics that make the most impact on the bonus include return on equity, operating profit and of course the combined ratio which in my opinion is just an excellent combination because you know it encourages the management to both pursue growth but not at the expense of you know the return on equity or the combined ratio and therefore it kind of discourages pursuing reckless premium growth or underpricing any any risks. So when Kinsell is operating in a soft market which you just explained when in a very good way so that even I understood it it might be more difficult for them to get as much business as they otherwise would. So perhaps they might not get much benefit in terms of operating profit growth but if they are disciplined in their underwriting they can still earn part of their bonus just by generating a solid return on equity. And you know then the restricted stock awards I think they vast over a period of 1 to four years and they have similar performance metrics attached to those as well which is one of those things that is always driving Shawn crazy when he sees these you know stock awards vesting and you don't have to do anything but just staying at the company level. This is something that you don't see here and and just to repeat myself I have looked at dozen of companies for our intrinsic value show and you would be surprised how many bad incentive programs are out there. I mean compared to those I would think I would judge Kinsale's incentive structure as pretty much excellent. I mean given you know that the management team is heavily invested in shares and gets compensated based on incentives that are again well aligned with long-term shareholders that's just fantastic to see and management definitely seems to be one of the high points you know in looking at this business. Many of the executives have most of their net worth invested in the company and as a result they've built a wonderful business over the past 17 years and you know with Michael Kho being around 60 years old today I think I would expect him to be running this business for about as long as he can and you know it always is difficult to look at companies that are operating in industries that you don't understand that well and then even more important it is to kind of just you know say take this sidecar approach where you know the management team is incentivized just as you then you know it just makes it a lot easier for you to to fall asleep at night. And maybe with that said, Clay, where do you see the business going from here? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I would first just like to reiterate what you said about fully appreciating what Kenzel's management team has built over the years. They understand at the end of the day, building a great company comes down to having those great people and he's built a culture that understands how to create long-term value for shareholders. And it's something that you know for us is really difficult to communicate. Every company will tell you their culture is great. But the important thing is to figure out you know which companies truly have a great culture and truly have a culture that can endure for the long term. So I would say the people at Kenzale are data driven. They're well incentivized and they have a culture of ownership as more than 50% of employees do own shares in the company and everyone is paid bonuses based on underwriting profits. So the employee base understands the value of controlling costs and maximizing profits. To your question on where the business goes from here, that really is the key question to try and understand and answer that. Let's take a look at just their growth formula and the variables that play into how Kenzale grows. So Kenzel's business model is optimized to underwrite and ensure a large number of policies with these lower premium amounts. The size of their business is of course a function of gross written premium volumes and the gross written premium volumes. This is a factor of four things. You have the number of inquiries for new policies. These are coming in from the brokers. You have the conversion rate of those inquiries that end up being insured by Kenzale. You have the renewal rate of their existing policies. And then you have the average premium per policy. So again, the number of submissions or inquiries for new policies comes from the brokers. And this number has grown at a fast clip year after year. And then a small portion of these will end up being insured by Kenzale. So looking at 2024, they received over 880,000 new business submissions, but just 7.3% of those or 64,000 end up converting as business for Kenzale. So the conversion rate, it's pretty consistent over time and it tends to grow slightly each year as well. For example, the conversion rate back in 2019 was 6.6%. And then the retention rate is also important. So if they have a lot of policies that are turnurning out in one or two years, then they're on this hamster wheel of each year needing to replace the policies that dropped off just to maintain their business. So I was actually pretty surprised to find that a lot of their policies actually do turn out rather quickly. So for example, 2024 they issued 64,000 policies, but they also saw 43,000 policies lapse without renewals. So when you look at the renewal rates for policies that are set to expire, around 70% of policies are renewed, meaning that around 30% churn out. So that is uh one metric I would probably keep an eye on. If they're seeing that churn rate increase, then it's going to be more difficult for them to continue to grow. And then for premium volume, I highlighted that the average premium is around 15,000. Since their focus is on these smaller policies, I would not expect this metric to s change significantly, at least in the near term. And then in terms of profitability, management does see room for the expense ratio to continue to decline as they increasingly use automation and spread out their fixed costs over a larger base of premiums. And as that gap between revenue and expenses widens, it also gives Kenzale the opportunity to push prices lower and potentially generate even more premium volume. So you can kind of think of the scale of premiums and the amount of business they're going to end up getting. The higher they set premiums, the lower the conversion rate they'll probably see. The lower they set premiums, since the insured is very price sensitive, the more conversions I think you'll see for kale. It's kind of like the Costco model. the lower that Costco lowers their prices, the more they'll see customers walking into their stores. So, however, I don't think we should expect topline growth of 20% or more going forward. And I think the market is starting to recognize that reality as we've seen the price to book ratio rer rate from 10 or 11 just two years ago to around 4 and a half times book today. But even at four and a half times book, it certainly is not your typical insurance company. Uh when you're comparing it to other insurers through the cycle, I think it would be reasonable to assume that Kinsdale can grow somewhere in the 10 to 20% range. They don't provide guidance. They don't necessarily know how fast they're going to be able to grow since there's cyclicality. There's competitors that um they're always going headtohead with. But at a high level, the PNC industry, it grows at around the rate of the broader economy. The ENS industry, it tends to grow at a multiple of that. And I think that Kenzale is well positioned to continue to steal share in the market. So that gives us, let's say, 6 to 7% plus for the ENS growth of just the market overall growing. And then Kensale, I would expect them to get to be growing at some rate faster than that, right? because they are well positioned to continue to capture share. So through the cycle, let's call it 7 to 12 years, I think premium growth of at least 10% on the lower end is certainly reasonable. So given that Kinsale has less than 2% share in the market today, I see ample opportunity for them to continue to steal share in this 100 billion ENS market. Lastly, part of their growth algorithm is simply a factor of how many quotes they can push out to brokers, and that's just a function of their headcount. For the time being, AI, at least Kensel says, is not going to replace underwriters. And Kho, he's actually highlighted the importance of keeping human underwriters, which I believe currently account for roughly half of their workforce. So, as they continue to hire more underwriters, it's only logical to assume that this will help support continued growth. &gt;&gt; We've already talked some numbers now, but I think it's kind of time to to get to the part that Sean and I always look forward to the most in our stock breakdowns, and that's the valuation. So, we know that the valuation of, you know, insurance companies is often judged based on price to book. But, you know, this metric would have been practically useless for for a company like Kinsale. What is actually the best way to go about valuing this company? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I almost feel like I want to give a management response and cop out on the answer because we just don't know what the future holds. But I'll try and share some helpful information that I can because insurers are certainly tricky to value because it's difficult to determine what the normalized earnings are. You know, one insurer can look cheap because they've been under reserving for years and they have a lot of big claims coming up just around the corner. while a more conservative company might look a bit expensive because they've been very prudent with the way they're setting reserves. So, the quality of the management team and the way they handle the underwriting and setting reserves, it just can't be understated. We're sitting at around $360 a share here towards the end of March 2026. Their price to book again is four and a half times. The PE is 17 or 18. And we haven't seen a PE ratio this low for quite a while. And it's actually since the IPO. But the question is whether the business's future prospects justify the lower PE. So the trouble with using price to book for Kenzale is that the book value is just growing so fast. So investors might have looked at a price to book of five in 2018 and immediately just said that's ridiculous. And since then the book value has increased by more than seven times. So, you know, today's price to book ratio is much lower than where it's historically traded, but still it's much higher than traditional insurers. So, most traditional insurers are treated like commodity-like businesses because that's what they are. And they tend to be businesses with low growth and low ROE. But in my opinion, Kinsale should not be closely compared to these other insurers given their track record of achieving high growth alongside high return on equity. And just to give a frame of reference, while Kinsale compounded their book value at 33% since 2018, Berkshire Hathaway compounded their book value at 10% over the same period. Finally, the business's growth has started to slow over the past 1 to two years, and that's led many growth investors exiting and bringing the stock price down pretty significantly. So, Kenzale's PE, it was over 40 just three years ago, and now it's been more than cut in half. The stock market tends to reward this smooth predictable growth and it dislikes surprises and Kenale had this strong fairly consistent growth for several years during the hard market and as the market softened you saw that growth decelerate. So the market has this distaste for lumpy or more cyclical growth and that can serve as an opportunity for investors who are more patient in letting the business continue to compound through the cycle and over time. Where the stock price goes from here will largely depend on the return on equity and the rate at which they can continue to reinvest earnings to pursue new opportunities in the ENS market. So over Kinale's history, the vast majority of its earnings have been reinvested in the business, which has helped propel that exponential growth in book value that we've seen. And when I look at other comps in the insurance industry, the growth rate and the ROE for other insurers, it just doesn't compare to Ken sales. So the only way I could see the valuation further compressing is if growth continues to decelerate or we see that return on equity coming down. If if that does happen, I would expect it to be more due to the tightening of competition, you know, competitors entering and really trying to compete with Kensale on price rather than mismanagement of the business. And amazingly, again, book value is compounded at a very good clip. And even if that book value growth slows from say 30% to 10 to 15%, I would still expect the intrinsic value of this business to coincide with that growth in book value. And investors don't need all of the growth to come in the form of premium volumes because this is a business that you know does experience some operating leverage due to their increased use of technology. So one would expect that profits are going to continue to compound faster than revenues and premium volumes. I'm actually glad that you know this time it was you having to make the valuation because it really can be difficult at times, right? And again I mean we we emphasized on this before but for a business like this it really comes down to whether you trust the people at the helm of the company and then you can look at the track record which has been phenomenal but also you know growth is slowing down and it's very difficult to assess especially for cyclical companies where the bottom of that is. So that's why I'm saying, you know, you either decide to go with the management team and say you double down on a company that has phenomenal people at the helm plus the track worker to to clearly um be better than the average company in the space. But you know then there are also risks that are involved and we didn't really talk about them yet too much but cyclicality is a clear risk that stands out to me. I mean Kinsel is to some extent at least still at the whims of what is happening around them and how their competitors are behaving and as you mentioned I mean the cyclical nature of the industry it does also have an impact on the stock price as well. When Kinsel is firing on all its cylinders you know growth investors they tend to hop on board and push the stock to elevated levels and then when the cycle turns they will push the stock price to the other direction. This obviously is also a chance and we we cover this company today because we believe we might be at that point but there are also other risks that come to my mind and you know one of them is competition because one thing that you usually see in capitalistic systems is that you know strong profitability coupled with high growth rarely goes unnoticed and that's why the market gave a 40 times PE to this company a couple of years ago. So it does seem like it's only a matter of time before strong competitors will enter the market. And at the end of the day, Kinsel still sells a commodity product. So it seems that it's only a matter of time before you know the high returns normalize. But the question really is then when is that actually happening? Yeah, you're certainly right that at the end of the day, Kinsale is still a commodity business that has sort of been an anomaly with its track record. But I would also say that it will not be easy for a competitor to replicate their strategy. Legacy players are bogged down by outdated technologies and inefficient workflows. But that doesn't mean that they can't compete with Kenzale more closely, even if it means poor returns for them. which might mean that Kinsdale brings their prices down even further, which could mean lower but still strong returns on equity. Think ROE of say 15 to 20% instead of 25 to 30%. So I'll highlight a few other risks for investors. So Kinsale operates in the ENS industry which by definition it contains these risks that can be difficult to assess. So although their history of pricing these risks is solid, there's always the risk that this changes as they continue to grow and ensure all sorts of different types of risks in the industry. If underwriting discipline were to weaken or if certain risk classes were mispriced, the impact on loss ratios could be severe. And on a related note, the reality of the insurance industry is you sort of need to be prepared for the unexpected. So if a catastrophic event happens, for example, a hurricane impacts several of their properties that they've insured, then this could negatively impact Ken sale. And we haven't really touched on this, but insurance companies, they tend to get what's referred to as reinsurance. So reinsurers are insurance for the insurance companies. And uh this helps protect them against these catastrophic events that are really tail risks that have a very low probability of happening. But you know once or twice every hundred years they tend to still happen. The next risk I'll highlight is broker concentration. So Kinsel they distribute their products through 180 or so brokers but the top five brokers account for more than half of their premium volume. So this level of concentration isn't unusual in the industry. But if they were to lose just one of these brokers, whether due to relationship changes or strategic shifts, then that could meaningfully impact Kenale in the short run. However, they help mitigate this risk by building a reputation for the responsiveness and reliability, which has helped contribute to a steadily rising flow of submissions. There's also investment risk. So, Kinale earns a pretty considerable amount of interest income through their fixed income securities. So if interest rates were to decline for example then Kinsale would be receiving much less income through their investments. And the last risk I would highlight is key person risk or the erosion of the culture. So Michael Kho he is key to what has made Ken sale the great company it is today. If he were to step away for any reason then that could impact the business pretty significantly. You know we'll mention constellation here for example. Many people expected Mark Leonard to be around, you know, the rest of his life, you know, perhaps a decade or more. But, you know, things can happen that are just totally unpredictable and and lead to changes at the company and who's leading them. So, um, if that innovative culture of Kenale started to erode, then the gap between them and their competitors, it would probably gradually close over time. Constellation is actually such a good example for that because it's probably one of the most decentralized companies out there and still you had this keyman risk which also to some extent played out. But yeah, I would say that's that's about it for today. I very much appreciate you joining me to break down Kinsel Capital today, Clay. This is a company that so many of our listeners have talked to us about often times said we need to cover this and always felt like the insurance industry is just so difficult to understand. So, it's perfect that you you were able to join us today. And, you know, and it's just always interesting to dive into these best-in-class businesses that operate in industries that many investors just tend to shy away from. So, Sean and I have looked at many such companies on our show as well. And after studying enough of these businesses, you just start to see some patterns emerge. I mean, you often have these ambitious founders at the helm, which is also the case here with Kinsel. you have a great culture, which again is the case here with Kinsel and you just have these lean cost structures that tend to bring higher margins and managers with skin in the game. And I think that Kinsel just fits every single one of those categories and I actually look forward to seeing how their story continues to unfold because it seems to me that they are, you know, there still very early innings of where they're heading to. Even if you just look at the market share and you say it's about 2%, it seems like there's a lot of runway left. So yeah, I think it's a good place to wrap up the episode. So again, thanks for joining me, Clay, and I I really enjoyed this discussion. &gt;&gt; Excellent. Thanks a lot, Daniel. &gt;&gt; Thanks for listening to TIP. Visit the investorspodcast.com [music] for show notes and educational resources. This podcast is forformational and entertainment purposes only and does not provide financial, investment, tax, or legal advice. The content is impersonal and does [music] not consider your objectives, financial situation, or needs. Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principle and past performance, is not a guarantee of future results. Listeners should do their own research and consult a [music] qualified professional before making any financial decisions. Nothing on this show is a recommendation or solicitation to buy or sell any security or other financial product. Hosts, guests, and the investors podcast network may hold positions in securities discussed and may change those [music] positions at any time without notice. References to any third party products, services, or advertisers do not constitute endorsements, and the Investors [music] Podcast Network is not responsible for any claims made by them. Copyright by the Investors Podcast Network. All rights reserved. &gt;&gt; It continues to surprise me how long highquality companies can continue to compound. They're priced at 30 times plus price to earnings and then it just continues to give you double digits returns. And it's so difficult for at least for me to invest in those companies because they always look expensive. But the best companies, they just tend to always look expensive and they still outperform and it's so painful.
