---
ticker: TBLA
type: youtube
title: "Taboola.com Q4 2025 Earnings Call"
channel: "Investing 101"
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8EKWyqILec
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 50660
---

# Taboola.com Q4 2025 Earnings Call

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Investing 101
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8EKWyqILec

## 转录全文

Thank you and good morning everyone and welcome to Tibula's fourth quarter and fully year 2025 earnings conference call. I'm here with Adam Solda, Tibula's founder and CEO and Steve Walker, Tibula's CFO. The company issued earnings materials today before the market and they're available in the investor section of Tibula's website. Now I'll quickly cover the safe harbor. Certain statements today including our expectations for future periods are forward-looking statements. They're not facts and are subject to material risks and uncertainties described in our SEC filings. These statements are based on currently available information. We undertake no duty to update them except as required by law. Today's discussion is also subject to the forward-looking statement limitations in the earnings press release. Future events could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated. During this call, we will use terms defined in the earnings release and refer to non-GAAP financial measures. For definitions and reconciliations to GAP, please refer to the non-GAAP tables in the earnings release post on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Adam. Thanks, Adam. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We're closing off 2025 with another strong quarter, exceeding the high end of our guidance across our key metrics. The year has been defined by discipline execution and more importantly, we're seeing clear early signs of acceleration in the growth of the business from our new advertising platform, Real Life. In 2025, we repurchased 77 million shares for a total of $254 million, reducing our share count by roughly 18%. While continuing to invest in R&amp;D to support our long-term growth ambitions. Before getting into the details, let me remind you who we are. Tabula is one of the largest performance advertising companies outside of search and social focused on the open web. Every day, billions of consumers read, watch, and engage with trusted publishers and communities across the open web. Similar to how Google and Meta understand intent within their own platforms, Tableau understand intent across the open web and turns it into measurable outcomes for advertisers. When someone reads about the Knicks, plans a vacation, or checks the latest news on their favorite local site, we transform that moment of interest into measurable results for advertisers. That scale, that proprietary intense data, and the AIdriven conversion machine was built, that is Tibula. Turning to our results, in 2025, Xstax gross profit reached $714 million, up 7% year-over-year, an adjusted EV that grew 7% to $216 million. We began the year guiding for 2% and exited the year at seven, a clear acceleration, which I'm happy about. While I believe double-digit growth is the right long-term pace for this business, we're not there yet, but our 2025 performance gives us the confidence we're going in the right direction. We also generated $163 million in free cash flow, up 10% year-over-year, representing approximately 76% conversion from adjusted EVIDA. Looking ahead, we expect 7% extract gross profit growth and 30% adjusted EBIDA margins while continuing to invest in accelerating our growth rate and continuing our primary use of cash to aggressively repurchase shares. In 2025, realize our advertising platform helps increase the number of scaled advertisers and grow the budgets we manage for them. In 2025, skilled advertisers grew 6%. With an average revenue per scaled advertisers up 2%. These results are reflected in a financial performance I shared earlier. A strong example is personal finance, one of our ideal customer profile. Advertisers such as Nerd Wallet, Monthly Fool, and Quinn Street adopted realize and leveraged newer capabilities like predictive audiences and form diversification. As a result, they grew meaningfully beyond their historical spend levels with some becoming top advertisers at Tabula. When I think about what will continue accelerating Tabula's growth, I am laser focused on improving retention rates and increasing spend over time. While many things can help, this is the most important one. Example like these encouraging and reinforce that our strategy is working. As we look ahead, we are concentrating on these three priorities. First, investing in our technology to continue to advance realize as we continue to expand our strategy to become the leading performance advertising company outside of search and social. We're investing heavily in AIdriven optimization, predictive targeting, onboarding automation, and stronger measurement and attribution to make the platform even more intelligent and easier to adopt while directing budgets toward the best performing opportunities. While I think we're making good progress, there's a lot more for us to do here. and our R&amp;D team is hard at work rolling out capabilities that advertisers are asking us to further drive advertiser success. Second, we restructured our sales organization around ideal customer profile where we were seeing stronger retention and spend growth over time. The advertiser outcome we delivered in 2025 are giving us clear signals on which advertisers to prioritize, how to reach them, and what success on Realize should look like. To further support these efforts, we recently welcomed Kushan Batya as our new chief business officer, overseeing revenue and partnerships and bringing additional focus and expertise to supercharge advertiser agency and publisher relationships to accelerate growth. Keeping with the same example I mentioned earlier, in 2025 we generated $120 million in personal finance revenue within a $15 billion US market. Today we capture only one to 10% of advertiser store spend which underscores the significant runway ahead as we deepen those relationships. At the same time, we are prioritizing new advertisers similar to the ones already succeeding on our platform and entering those conversations with a clear understanding of their goals and what performance they should expect from Realize. By focusing on the right advertisers, not just volume, we're strengthening partnerships, expanding wallet share, and positioning Tiboula as a core long-term growth channel for advertisers. Lastly, on brand and perception, since launching Realize one year ago, we've made meaningful progress in how advertisers view Tabula. As advertisers see clear results and expend our budgets with us, we're building trust and steady positioning ourselves as a platform advertisers should test and scale beyond search and social. There is still work ahead, but realize it's proving to be a strong engine not only for performance, but also for long-term brand credibility. As we think about our partners and the open web in the context of AI, this is one of Tibula's greatest structural advantages. AI is a commodity. Anyone can download an open source of llama and get going. AI can replicate features. It can improve interfaces. It can even outperform some raw models we developed. But that alone just doesn't matter. Without proprietary data and distribution, it is a very powerful engine with no fuel. Our data is our fuel and it is unique to Tabula. Hundreds of millions of times every year, people across our network make decisions to buy, subscribe, or take action. That creates a very rare form of performancedriven intense data that directly determines advertisers outcome. Think of it as a secret language of intent that exists only because of our deep integrations across the open web and our singular focus on performance Without these signals, advertisers cannot effectively optimize, scale or generate strong returns on investment. We get this data by having code on page integrated across 14,000 publisher properties such as ESPN, Yahoo, USA Today, The Independent, and many others, giving us firstparty access to more than 600 million daily users. Those direct relationships built over many years generate real time intense signals at massive scale. When I look at our partners, what stands out is the strength of their brand, the trust and communities they've built over many years. Users go directly to those whether through their websites or their dedicated apps. As a result, they have little to no reliance on search traffic while direct traffic continues to grow. These dynamics keep our companywide exposure to search in the singledigit percentages with about a third of our supply coming from inapp usage. In an AIdriven world, two assets ultimately matter most, proprietary data and distribution. And we have both. In summary, 2025 was not just about building the numbers, but rather a validation that our strategy is working. We executed with discipline, accelerated the business, returned significant capital to shareholders, and invested heavily in the platform shaping our future. Realize is delivering the type of results we want to see, making new and existing advertisers successful. We're changing how the market sees Tabula. We are still early, but we're operating with greater clarity and urgency than ever. Our mission remains to help performance advertisers grow, help publishers win and build the beyond search and social. As more players compete for advertising budgets, they will all need a trusted friend and Tabula is a great friend. With that, I'll hand it over to Steve. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Adam and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to close out the year on a strong note. In the fourth quarter, we continued to build on the momentum we generated throughout the year, delivering results that exceeded the high end of our guidance across our key metrics. Revenues in the fourth quarter grew 6% to 522.3 million and for the full year increased 8% to 1.91 billion. One of our key priorities this year was expanding advertiser budgets. And with the roll out of Realize, our performance advertising platform, and the introduction of new embedded features, we were able to successfully execute on that objective. This momentum was reflected in our scaled advertiser metrics in the fourth quarter with a 3% increase in the number of scaled advertisers and a 2% increase in average revenue per scaled advertiser. We also enjoyed strong growth from non-scaled advertisers during the quarter which contributed about 1% to our year-over-year growth. This indicates that we had a large number of advertisers testing realized for the first time even if we have not had a chance to scale them as of yet. For the year, scaled advertisers grew 6% and the average revenue per scaled advertiser grew 2%. Realize continued to improve retention and increase ad spend among existing advertisers compared to the same period in the previous year. As I've noted in prior quarters, we're particularly encouraged by growth in the number of scaled advertisers as they continue to be an important driver of future growth. XTAC gross profit in the fourth quarter was $212.8 million, representing margins of approximately 41%. The fourth quarter results were flat year-over-year as expected due to the lapping of a challenging comparison with a strong Q4 2024. For the full year, XTAC gross profit grew 7% to $713.5 million. This growth was largely driven by the scaling of realize which drove growth in advertiser spend as well as continued strong performance from Tibula News. Gross profit for the quarter reached $175.6 million with fullear gross profit totaling $569.5 In addition to growth in XTAC gross profit, this performance was driven by lower depreciation expenses on our servers following a reassessment of their useful lives as well as tax efficiencies, both of which offset higher hosting and data costs required to support the growth and scaling of our business. In the fourth quarter, net income was $50.1 million with non-GAAP net income coming in at $79.1 million. For the full year, net income was $42.3 million with non-GAAP net income coming in at 168.6 Adjusted EBA for the quarter was $86.1 million. For the full year, adjusted Ebida was $215.5 million, representing a margin of 30%. This reflects continued discipline in expense management while maintaining targeted investments to support long-term growth. Foreign exchange was a meaningful headwind in the quarter. On a constant currency basis, Q4 XTAC gross profit saw a tailwind of approximately $4 million, while operating expenses saw a headwind of approximately $7 million, primarily reflecting the strength of the Israeli shekele, where we have a significant employee and cost base. In total, FX represented roughly a $3.5 million headwind to Q4 EBIDA and about $11 million for the full year. Without this FX headwind, our fullear adjusted Ebida would have been $226.3 million, which would have represented an IBIDA margin of 31.7%. In terms of cash generation, we had $59.7 million in operating cash flow in the fourth quarter and free cash flow of $46.9 million. For the full year, operating cash flow amounted to $28.4 million and free cash flow was $163.4 million, representing a 76% conversion from adjusted EBA. On average, our free cash flow conversion from adjust has remained above 70% over the last 12 consecutive quarters. As a reminder, last quarter we indicated that we now believe we can sustainably convert free cash flow at a 60% to 70% rate over any typical four quarter period. That is an increase from our prior expectations of 50% to 60%. Capital expenditures in 2025 included internally developed software that were capitalized during the year and we expect these strategic investments to continue into 2026. These investments were primarily driven by three initiatives continued development of realize investment in new publisher focused product capabilities and investments in our e-commerce platform. Turning to the balance sheet, we remain in a strong financial position. We ended the fourth quarter with a net cash balance of $18.6 million. Cash and cash equivalents totaled $120.9 million, which more than offset our long-term debt of $12.3 million. Early in 2025, we secured a $270 million revolving credit facility, which enabled us to fully repay our prior term loan while maintaining approximately $168 million of available liquidity as of December 31st. The facility also reduced interest expense by $1.1 million in the fourth quarter and $4.8 million for the year. We remain focused on disciplined capital allocation prior prioritizing R&amp;D investments while returning excess capital to shareholders via share repurchases. In the fourth quarter, we've repurchased approximately 18.6 million shares at an average price of $3.78 for a total consideration of $70.5 For the full year, we repurchased 76.9 million shares at an average price of $3.30, which represented total repurchases of over $250 million. In 2025, we bought back about 18% of our outstanding shares net of issuances. This reduced our total shares outstanding to approximately 276 million at the end of 2025 from about 337 million at the end of 20 2024. Since the inception of our share repurchase program in 2023, we have repurchased a total of 110.4 4 million shares at an average price of $349 for total consideration of $383.5 We currently have approximately $180 million remaining in our authorization and intend to continue to use a majority of our free cash flow to repurchase shares. Moving to guidance for the first quarter of 2026, we expect revenues to be between 444 and 462 million. Gross profit to be between 119 and $125 XTAC gross profit to be 158 to $164 million. adjust EVA to range from 20 to $26 million and non-GAAP net income to be from negative1 to positive $7 million for the full year. We expect revenues to be between 1.99 and $2.05 billion. Gross profit to be between 601 and $621 XTAC gross profit to be 753 to74 million adjusted EBA to be 222 to $236 million and non-GAAP net income to be 165 to $191 million. I would note that our adjust bed guidance reflects a forecasted headwind from foreign exchange rates of approximately $11 million in operating expenses partially offset by XTAC tailwinds. Without this headwind from foreign exchange, adjusted Ebidal margins would have been over 31%. In summary, Q4 results exceeded the high end of our guidance across our key metrics, reflecting strong execution and continued momentum in the business. We are building on the traction we've seen with realize and our focus on accelerating growth as our initiatives gain more traction this year. While we remain disciplined in our approach, the progress to date reinforces our confidence in our ability to return to sustainable double-digit growth over time. With that, let's move to Q&amp;A. Operator, can you please open the line for questions? &gt;&gt; Thank you. At this time, we will conduct the question and answer session. As a reminder, to ask a question, you will need to press star one on your telephone and wait for your name to be announced. To withdraw your question, please press star one again. Please stand by while we compile the Q&amp;A roster. Our first question comes from Barton Crockett from Rosenblot. The floor is yours. &gt;&gt; Okay. Thanks for thanks for taking the questions. Um, let me see. One thing I was uh curious about, um, you didn't really address it in the commentary, but and I realize maybe this means you don't, you know, it's not a KPI, but the there was a substantial variance in your revenues, um, versus where you were guiding for the quarter, and I was just wondering if you could talk through what that variance was, why it happened, and, you know, and how meaningful that is. &gt;&gt; Sure, I can take that. Hi, Barton. Um, &gt;&gt; hi. So I think you know very simply it was revenue mix. So uh or mix of business. So we we had more business in kind of some of our higher margin parts of our business and and less uh b less revenue in some of our lower margin. So ultimately it's uh it was just mix of Obviously for us gross revenue is not the key metric. X tax the key metric because that's what we keep after we pay publishers. You've probably heard me say a bunch of times in the past that, you know, we can grow gross revenue by doing bad business, signing up a bad publisher deal or or, you know, doing something that doesn't drive XTAC. Uh, and that's not helpful. So, we what we care about is XTAC. So, we're obviously happy that we had the beat on XTAC, which is is really what we focus on. The rest of it was just mix of business. &gt;&gt; Okay. And then you guys gave the um uh the commentary uh about the growth in non-scaled advert non-scaled advertisers suggesting you know some success with the realized initiatives to grow penetration you know and other elements of the page beyond bottomup page um you know which sounds encouraging but your guidance suggests kind of a steady revenue trajectory versus acceleration. I was wondering if you could talk through that that kind of disconnect. I mean, how optimistic are you really that, you know, this can bring enough new business in to move the top line and why isn't that reflected in the guidance that you give? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I think you know ultimately our guidance philosophy as a company is always to be uh relatively conservative. So, we don't want to get ahead of ourselves. So, what our guide basically implies right now for 2026 is what we're seeing from realize at this point in time. So we've obviously seen good progress with realized over the course of last year. We started last year guiding at 2%. We ended the year at 7% growth. We're now midpoint of our guide for 2026 is at 7%. That's because that's basically what we're seeing from realize today. We do have initiatives that we think will help improve that over time and and Adam can probably talk to a few of those initiatives that he thinks will drive growth this year, but those are not factored into the guide yet. So for now what we're factoring in the guide is exactly what we're seeing today. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Adam did you want to talk about some of the things you think we can grow? &gt;&gt; Well, hi good morning. I think in general um you know we're encouraged by seeing our investments in realizing the at the center of our strategy progressing right. So sort of the three things I mentioned. The first one is just focusing um on our technology side and we're seeing you know we're seeing better retention for new advertisers which is probably what we want to see the most and we're seeing growth in spend uh over time. The second thing which again and that results in scaled advertisers which are growing and all those things are are positive signs that we're progressing in our strategy and it results in our numbers as you can see from 2025. The second thing, you know, I just came back from Bangkok, from Madrid, from Chicago, spending time with our 600 sellers. You know, it's it's it's really incredible to spend time with our people and seeing that when you sell to the right clients, uh we call this ideal customer profile, we're seeing essentially, you know, we have what it takes. the chances for I give an example the chances for a financial advertiser to succeed with us is not so different if you know if they were to spend with Meta which is incredible because it means that there's so much growth for us within our existing markets that we're going after. So the second thing is just sales focus and going after the ones that we know chances for success are much higher. And the third one is continue to invest in our brand. I think it's it's quite uh for me uh always encouraging to see how many advertisers don't even know tabula is out there. So there's there's so many great advertisers that should try Tiboula that you know that will succeed with us or they have a good chance to succeed with us. And as part of that I think continue to invest in our brand perception and our brand in general will will continue to you know help us attract new advertisers to try to succeed with us. So all those three things um you know make us encouraged. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. Thank you. Thanks Barton. Thanks. &gt;&gt; Thank you for your question. &gt;&gt; Our next question comes from Matthew Condan from Citizens Bank. The floor is &gt;&gt; Thank you so much for taking my questions. Adam, you know you talked about making incremental investments just behind the product features in real life. Can you just dig into some of those and what we should expect from a product perspective in 2026? I think I was wondering if you could just break down a little bit more as we as we look at realize and just like how much is coming from existing advertisers and you tapping into incremental budget there versus bringing in new clients onto the the Google platform. Thank you so much. &gt;&gt; Sure. I'll let Steve speak about the numbers but but the biggest investment we're making and I think the biggest opportunity for realize and we'll share more you know throughout the years. So I want to I want to you know let the team kind of bring this to market in a more detailed way but but in general what I think we have the biggest opportunity is making it um more automatic and simpler for advertisers to be successful. If you look at the amount of permutations that exist when you buy from any channel by the way that whether that's Google, meta, tabula and others it's it's complicated to you know to succeed as a performance advertiser. So even right now where tabula is you know with realize I think we made a tremendous progress in terms of you know making advertisers successful in my in my vision it's I really want anyone that has a chance like that should succeed with tabula to almost um automatically succeed with tabula. So I think with you know in a world of AI where we have so much you know unique intent data and we have so many thousands of advertisers that are already doing well with tabula generating you know $2 billion of conversions a year. Um you know on the other side of it I hope that realize is is a platform that if you should succeed with us then chances are you will succeed with us and that will be um more and more automatic and then our good people that we have at the company can spend more of their time on strategy and you know being creative uh and going out there and and help attract more new advertisers. So, so again to me the biggest thing that we'll see from realized uh later will be more about automation and making it even easier for those who should succeed with us to to drive success. &gt;&gt; And then to the second part of your question about whether or not growth is going to come from uh you know bringing new advertisers to the platform versus growing our existing uh and I'll talk about this in the in the context of our scaled advertiser metrics that we release. Um I what I would say is the precise mix is always hard to predict. Uh because as I've talked about in the past, as we bring on more advertisers and we scale them and they get into that scaled uh level of of performance with us, uh they do drag down the average. So that as the number grows, the average gets dragged down because usually when we initially scale an advertiser, it's at the low end and then we grow them over time. So the exact mix is hard to predict. But in general, what I'd say is we always expect to grow the number of scaled advertisers. That's the fuel for our growth. And so I would think that a larger portion of our growth comes from growing the number and bringing more new advertisers to the platform. But we should see some growth in the average revenue per scaled advertiser over time as well. So I'd say it it'll come from a bit of both. Uh generally speaking, probably more from the number uh and then over time we'll grow the the average as well. Thank you so much. &gt;&gt; Thanks. &gt;&gt; Thank you for that question. &gt;&gt; Our next question comes to the line of Laura Martin from Needham. The floor is &gt;&gt; Good morning. Um my first one is on generative AI. So, um, are you I'm interested in whether how much your traffic was down, um, in the fourth quarter and what the mix was and whether you think that that I think Wall Street thinks that's the first step in a gentic holding on to attention and not allowing people to go to the open web. So, can you talk about why the open web survives generative AI? I think that's my first question. And then my second question um, is about realize one of our goals. I think your goals in realize was to attract display budgets which are quite a bit larger than native budgets and I'm interested in whether realize is actually um are you seeing that happen that you're getting new types of advertising uh rather than just staying in the narrowed uh native advertising bucket. Those are my two things. &gt;&gt; Sure. Good morning Laura. Um so let's I'll pick up the first one. So on the on the open web we're we're basically you know I think we have um very like a structural advantage in where we sit in the open web. So one, I think that we're seeing traffic going up. We're seeing search traffic going down, but overall um through primarily direct traffic to publishers um and then just onboarding more publishers, traffic is overall going up. And the and the exposure we have to search traffic, which I think is the main risk that investors are tracking for us, it's it's in the single digit. And a lot of it's because we work with massive platforms like, you know, like Microsoft and Yahoo and Apple News. A third of our traffic is in app. So overall our exposure is is low and we're seeing direct traffic going up and I think in general you know what what's going to happen is publishers that have trust that have you know good communities around them uh will continue to be important local news sports sites news they're continue to get a lot of momentum and attention from consumers I can also tell you um you know AI engines what we're seeing is what they crawl on the web as a proxy for what consumers are asking A lot of it, a big chunk of what consumers are talking to AI is about the last 24 hours news. People want to know what's going on. That's so AI really needs that content and cont where content exists. So I think that for trusted publishers, for bigger publishers, which is most of our business, there's a very bright future. And the second thing is that when I imagine AI being adopted by those publishers um you know as you know we have we have a product called deeper dive which is essentially bringing chip type technology to those bigger publishers so that consumers can converse can talk to publishers we can all if you go to USA today you can check it out I think there's a big kind of arpoo growth um a significant you know revenue generation opportunity for publishers when they actually adopt they are on their own sites. So the risk I think is more on the smaller sites um which we don't have exposure to or for those who are very dependent on search also um not publishers that we work with. So I I think there's a very bright future for the trusted publishers and especially when they adopt AI in a bigger way. &gt;&gt; And then to your second question Laura about uh are we seeing new types of advertisers coming out of the platform. I I'll talk about this in the context of the three growth drivers that Adam mentioned earlier. So he said, you know, we're focusing on ICPs. We're investing in our brand to to change perception of of who we are as a company and then we're investing in tech to make advertisers more successful. I think today the that focus on ICP means we're bringing more of similar types of advertisers. So what we've done is we've got our sales teams focused on finance uh advertisers, travel advertisers, auto advertisers, e-commerce advertisers, the ones that we know are working well on our platform today. So today our growth in advertisers is coming more from that focus on ICPS and uh getting more similar types of advertisers to what we have. But what we expect over time is that as we uh get our brand perception uh shifted a bit like getting uh out of the we're a native company and into the we're a performance platform type of mindset. And as our tech continues to develop and we're able to target more and more granularly on our platform, we do expect that uh we will expand the types of advertisers. So more types of advertisers will become ICPs and we'll start focusing on selling to them. So I'd say today mo more of it is more more advertisers of a similar type to what we have today and then over time I expect more different types of advertisers to start coming on. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much. &gt;&gt; Thanks Laura. Our next question comes from the line of Tyler D. Mateo from BTIG. The floor is &gt;&gt; Great. Thanks for taking the question, guys. Um, I wanted to start in terms of 2026, Steve, in as you think about the advertising market this year and some of the the one-off events kind of FIFA, etc. Is that baked into the guide? Is that I guess what level of visibility do you have into something like that today? and kind of when would that uh start flowing through? And then my second question for Adam on realize and the developments and just I'm thinking about this in the context of the investment cycle for that kind of where do we stand in terms of the investments in the platform, the technology etc. Are we going to see multiple iterations from here? Is everything largely ironed out? Uh th those are my two. Thanks guys. &gt;&gt; I can I can start with this the second one and then so hi hi Tyler. Good morning. So one I think we're um we're all in. So this is we're laser focused on realize I think that like I mentioned earlier if you just look at the the market that we're selling into the the the the performance advertisement that we're going after with the technology we have now I think we have what it takes to grow and you know we spoke about seeing inflection point into double digit growth and and I you know I believe in our strategy the market and we have what it takes saying that u we're early in our cycle in terms of investment in terms of there's so much more that we're going to reveal later this year and and in years to come when you compare to Bula Realize to Meta when you compare it to Google to PMAX to some of you know the platforms out there that are serving 10 million advertisers when we serve you know uh 15 to 20,000 there's so much more that we want to do and intend to do. So so I'll break you know to to two parts. The first is that I think we have what it takes to continue to grow and to generate 30% even that within that growth rate and convert 60 70% of that to free cash flow and use most of it to repurchase shares which which we think is a great deal for the company. And the second thing is that most of our investment which is significant uh is on technology as a technology company and and we're going to reveal um a lot later in the year and and like I mentioned earlier to me something that's very exciting is can we make it so much easier for those who should succeed with us and become skilled advertisers to actually become ones. Um and that's later the year. Then to your first question about uh are the kind of big events that are happening this year factored into our guidance. The quick simple answer to that is yes. Uh the way they're factored in just to get into a little bit more detail is like the big events this year are uh the Olympics, World Cup, midterm elections, those things are factored in. For us though, interestingly, it's more of a traffic driver than it is a uh advertising revenue driver. So, if you think about the events, World Cup and and Olympics tend to be big sports traffic drivers. And we're we're a you know, we have Yahoo Sports, we have CBS Sports, we have ESPN, we have uh I think something like eight of the 10 top sports sites in the US and and we have similar coverage globally. So, it is a great traffic driver for us. Um the our advertisers though tend to be always on performance advertisers more so than eventdriven advertisers. So it'll drive more traffic which is more impressions and give an opportunity to drive more revenue from our advertisers but it's not like um a display network where maybe they've got event driven advertisers. Same thing with uh elections. I think we've talked about this in the past. Elections drive big ad budgets but a lot of that is branding campaigns for the candidates. We do get some things like fundraising uh campaigns where they're it's a direct response trying to get somebody to donate, but we don't get a lot of incremental revenue in terms of the advertising side. But again, it drives eyeballs and drives views and that's what's factored into our guidance. &gt;&gt; Great. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it. Mark Zakowitz from Benchmark. The line is yours. &gt;&gt; Thanks guys. Good morning. Uh couple from me. Um Steve, just to follow on to the question on the scaled advertiser metrics. So your your scaled advertiser growth was up year-over-year but down sequentially. I'm just curious if that was sort of in line with your internal expectations and what what sort of the yinyang is um um I guess balance between those two metrics meaning do you expect to see more of a lagging effect on the revenue side and could that um you know inlect at some point uh this year relative to that growth that you've been seeing on the actual advertisers and then um the second separate question just appreciate if you could unpack your one Q Xtech margin guidance. Uh, one Q was guided 100 bips of expansion uh, year-over-year at the midpoint. And considering that you're lapping Yahoo tests, I think that had a positive effect on margin. Just curious if you're seeing a a mix shift towards higher take rate publishers or or if that's being driven by uh, yield improvements. Um, I'll just stop there and write a quick follow on to that. So I think in terms of uh the scaled advertiser trends so we tend to look at that year-over-year because there is some seasonality to that. So looking at it sequentially quarter over quarter can be pretty deceptive. Uh similar to our revenue itself like if you look at it sequentially quarter over quarter you can see some things that may look weird but if you look at it year-over-year a lot of that normalizes. So I tend to look at it year-over-year. Uh I will also just say that there is some you know they the metrics bounce around a bit in any given quarter. So they're they're tough to predict on a quarterly basis. Um so for instance if uh some of our bigger advertisers get really aggressive uh one quarter they can squeeze out some smaller advertisers just because they're willing to bid more. So they're hard to predict on the numbers basis. But I think if you look at it year-over-year and over a longer period of time, then I think it uh it tends to normalize. So that's the way we tend to look at. We tend not to look at it quarter over quarter sequentially as much. In terms of our uh revenue exting uh kind of just traction in higher margin areas, the answer is yes. So I think we're we're seeing uh kind of a shift in our business to higher margin areas. It's uh and it you know connectity for instance is 100% XTA tax. So if if business shifts to them that appears as higher XTAC business XTAC margin business but also to your point it it's also just in tip uh between regions and specific publishers the mix is just trending in a positive XTAC margin direction. So, it's less to do with increasing yields right now, although I I'm hopeful that we'll see that also over time. It's more mix of business today. &gt;&gt; Okay, got it. Appreciate that. And if I could just uh ask maybe one more just maybe zeroing out here a bit. If you look at your your rest and this is more topic on just you know geoex expansion generally speaking but your rest of the world uh is roughly 35% of revenue and that grew quite nicely in fourth Q is up about 10%. Which looks like it's the fastest growth you've seen in fourth quarter XGY. I'm just curious if you can maybe talk about any dynamics at play there in 26 that uh and how they compare to 25 um in in the rest of world. Thanks. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean we're seeing nice and by the way you you asked about margin and mix of business. That's part of it. Uh you know uh some of those other geos tend to be high margin for us. So as they grow they they tend to help with our overall margin picture margin picture. So I uh so that's part of it but also uh to your question about anything that we're seeing there. So we're we're seeing nice growth uh internationally. If you remember, we used to be about 40% US, 60% rest of world. Uh, and once we brought on Yahoo, we got back closer to 50% US, 50% rest of world. I think this past quarter it was 47% US, 53% rest of world. I think we're going to continue to see faster growth internationally than we will in the US. Um, and that's just kind of normal because a lot of those markets were still newer in. So, we have more growth opportunities in a lot of those markets. So, I think that's going to continue to be uh true as we go forward. So, I think what you're seeing there is basically just a dynamic of less mature markets versus more mature markets and higher growth in the less mature markets. &gt;&gt; Got it. All right. Thanks, Steve. Appreciate it. &gt;&gt; Sure. Thank you for the question. Zack Cumins from B Riley Securities. The floor is yours. &gt;&gt; Hi, good morning, Adam and Steve. Thanks for taking my question. So, just just two for me. Uh the first one I thought it was a notable fallout that um your I guess we'll say non-scaled advertisers still contributed about 1% to to growth here in Q4 largely due to early adoption of of the realized platform. So any incremental data you can give around kind of how you're ramping the testing process, what tends to work best when when quickly scaling up from from these tests uh to to expanding to more full budgets uh for for some of these advertisers. And then second question, Steve, it it seems like we we have a greater shift of of adjusted IBIDA going into the second half of this year uh versus what what we saw in 2025. So can you give some context around maybe timing of investments or or other factors we should consider when when modeling that out? &gt;&gt; Sure. So I think on your first question uh about the non-scaled advertisers it was an interesting effect. So we saw a lot of testing budgets in Q4 uh and that is that drove 1% incremental growth which is the first time you've seen that. In fact, if you look at the full year, non-scaled advertisers uh were basically down a bit year-over-year. So Q4 was uh was unusual in that regard. Um but I think it's encouraging because at the end of the day, what we do want is a bunch of advertisers coming on to test our platform. So and Q4 is a good time for a lot of them to do that because it's where they have some of their maximum budgets uh and they're, you know, they're looking to test new things. So we found it encouraging. I I'm hopeful that that translates into more revenue going forward, although you know, we're not counting on that, but it was it was encouraging to see that. So, that's kind of what we saw there. Um to in in terms of the uh IBIDA question that you had, I think uh the biggest impact on our EBIDA in Q1 in particular is that it is uh we have a headwind from foreign exchange rates. So I think I mentioned that in my prepared remarks that the uh we have about an 11 million headwind on OPEX as we head into 2026 on due to foreign exchange rate mostly the Israeli shekele that hits first quarter and second quarter much more heavily than uh third quarter and fourth quarter uh because of the fact that uh if you look at how the shekele declined over the course of 2025 it really uh took a nose dive starting sometime in Q3. So that's one factor. We're also uh intentionally up uh putting some of our marketing expense uh especially where we're marketing to advertisers upfront in Q1 and Q2. So that's part of it. But in general, I think you know obviously our uh guidance reflects what we expect to happen over the course of the rest of the year on OPEX and we do have some efficiency initiatives that are going on that we think can help us in the second half. So, I think uh you know it's a little bit of some upfront costs that we knew were going to happen uh foreign exchange rates and then us expecting to get more efficient as we go through the year. &gt;&gt; Great. Thanks for taking my questions. &gt;&gt; Thanks for the question. &gt;&gt; Our next question cames from comes from James Coppelman from TD Cowan. The floor Hi, good morning and thanks for taking the questions. Uh, first one for Adam. Given some ongoing macro uncertainty and state of the US consumer, what's your sense of conditions in the overall digital ad market? And what are you hearing from your conversations with advertiser regarding their plans for budget growth this year? And then another one for Adam. Uh, I just want to ask about the ARPU opportunity for publishers adopting AI on their sites. Where are we in that process? and what kind of progress are you seeing with with publishers so far? And then I'll I'll follow up with with Steve as well. &gt;&gt; So, so in general, I think there's um there's a there's a significant kind of trend in the industry at large towards performance advertising. I mean, if if you saw last year, we announced two extended partnerships, one with Paramount and one with LG. These are these are TV big TV broadcasting companies that we're honored to be working with and and those partnerships are primarily around more ways for TV advertisers to get mid to lowfunnel metrics by working with realize that that's a whole new type of demand opportunity for us and remember TV is a hundred billion dollar market just in the US. So if we can take a piece of that and prove much like I think Amazon is doing such a good job with Prime showing that you can buy TV and at the same time through Amazon.com and the rest of their you know consumer journey you can show that TV drive midtol lowfunnel um metrics and the reason I'm saying that is because I think for tabula there's a lot of um you know growth opportunity because when you go beyond search and social I think we can truly become kind of the monetization layer for the open web you know the company that any advert izer and any company that's not Google and Facebook who needs someone that can generate conversions to work with and tabula is I I think to my knowledge the biggest and best conversion machine out outside of Google and Facebook. So I think there's going to be a lot of growth for us in different ways working with different types of companies as demand source and you know it's really nice to see companies like Paramount and LG and you'll see more uh throughout the year kind of partnering with us um and spending more with real. So I think we're on the right side of the industry. I I think it's going to be much much hotter to be in the full funnel space or specifically in the top of the funnel space and it's going to be um much much more important and critical especially in this world with tariffs and things to be the go-to company for anything outcomes anything measurement anything performance so that's about that and the second thing about our pool which which I had such you know many great conversations even yesterday with some of our bigger publishers what we're seeing is that. So, two things. One, when consumers ask questions on a publisher site, they essentially become super like it's you become a superhum, a super engaged consumer. You're much more likely to engage with an ad. You're much more likely to engage with a piece of content. You're the best version of yourself. And that's probably why I believe Google is very excited about Gemini because if Google sees what we see with deeper dive on publisher sites, they know what we know which is it's very lucrative piece of um interaction with consumers for advertisers. And the second thing we're seeing um and we'll share more data about that later in the year is that when advertisers show up in LLM experience, the the the the opportunity for them to drive conversion and the CPMs were seeing are something that I can tell you in 15 years of doing this I've never seen before. So if we can scale that, if we create if we can create a habit for consumers to talk to publishers they love about, you know, I mentioned the mix. I love the mix. I will never spend 5 10 minutes watching highlights and talk to TJ Pat about the Knicks. Never going to happen. But I do this every morning with my kid. You know, we watch ESPN, we get the highlights, we read about it. It's something we like to do. So, if we can get those, you know, trusted, loved publishers to to offer AI so consumers can talk to them. I think that's going to be um a beautiful future for them and and for us and for advertisers. So, the question is, can we create that habit? and it's early stages for us, but I'm encouraged by, you know, what I'm seeing. &gt;&gt; Uh, great. And then difference quickly for Steve, uh, reduce the share count pretty significantly over 2025. Um, you know, going forward, how are you thinking about balancing investment with returns to shareholders, especially given healthy free cash flow generation? Would you expect to continue to significantly shrink the share count? And and also on connectity because you you threw that in there a couple questions ago. I just want to follow up. um any color on e-commerce growth, how that's trending relative to the rest of the business? Thanks. &gt;&gt; Yep. So, in terms of uh capital allocation and share buybacks, so we continue to expect to use the majority of our free cash flow for share repurchases. So, you know, I think uh we've said that we expect to convert 60 to 70% of our EVA into uh free cash flow. So we and then we expect to use a majority of that to uh to buy back shares. So if you kind of look at our uh our numbers and what we're guiding to this year and and you do the math, you can figure out how much we're expecting to buy back roughly. We have 180 million left in our authorization. So we've got plenty of capacity there. Uh and that's that's where we expect to use most of our capital. I will note, and we've talked about this in the past, that there's a chance that we may do small M&amp;A. uh it wouldn't be large uh but it would be you know something that's a more of a tuck in acquisition but beyond that we expect to use a majority of our free cash flow for share repurchases to your second question about uh e-commerce and and how that's doing and connectity relative to the rest of the business. So generally speaking it's growing in line with the rest of the business. So I think uh we're you know they had a big Q4 for us which was great. uh and I think generally we expect them to grow uh in line with the rest of our business. It's our biggest uh ICP segment, ideal customer profile segment is e-commerce. So that's also great. Like it's our it's where we see the most success out of any of our ICPS right now. Uh so it's generally it's a it's a strong performing part of our business. &gt;&gt; Great. Thanks a lot guys. Appreciate it. Thank you for your question. This does now conclude the Q&amp;A portion of the session. I would now like to turn it back to Adam Singa, CEO, for closing remarks. &gt;&gt; Thanks everyone for being with us this morning. Um, you know, as you can tell from our uh excitement, you know, 2025 was not just about spinning the numbers. You know, it was a turning point for the company. It's a clear validation that Realize is working on our way to become, you know, the monetization layer for the open web. As realize continues to gain traction, you know, with our proprietary intense data and deep distribution across the open web, all of those things make us really special. You know, it makes us different in an AIdriven world. We believe these structural advantages position us to build and win the opportunity to become the leading performance advertising company beyond search and social. We're still early, but we're operating with a lot more clarity and more urgency than ever. Our focus remains simple. make new advertisers stay and get existing ones to spend more. Thank you all for the trust and partnership and we look forward to spending time over the next few weeks. Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect.
