---
ticker: TBLA
type: youtube
title: "Taboola CEO: From 5 Years of Zero Revenue to Nearly $2B | AI Summit"
channel: "Boardroom Club"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbqBHhvg3DU
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 46561
---

# Taboola CEO: From 5 Years of Zero Revenue to Nearly $2B | AI Summit

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Boardroom Club
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbqBHhvg3DU

## 转录全文

Hi everybody. Good afternoon, good evening and good morning wherever you are. Thank you very much for joining the board club today to our AI summit feature an executive from top tech companies revolutionizing the world as we speak. My name is Yosi Gazi and I'm joining also by a good friend of mine Amad Vargas. Amado, &gt;&gt; hi everyone and thank you for joining us. So today we are fortunate enough to interview none other than Adam Singa, co-founder and CEO of Tabula, a company that revolutionizing how people discover content online and how publishers and advertisers connect with their audiences. For example, a few days ago they just signed a major partnership with Paramount and most recently they also launched their generative AI answer engine called deeper dive which is amazing but we will get to it later on. So Adam, thank you so much for joining us today. &gt;&gt; Thanks for having me. This is great. Happy Friday everyone. &gt;&gt; Definitely. So Adam, I want to start with a question about the beginning because people might imagine that Tabula was your second or third employee experience, but it was your first you just founded Tabula personalized content in a sense AI 15 years before it tried. So take us back to this day. Was there something that sparked your excitement back then? &gt;&gt; Yeah, well is my first job. I mean before this as many Israelis, I spent some time in the army. I was almost seven years as an engineer in a super cool place. And then the beginning of tab started when I was living with my parents back then. You don't make a lot of money in the army. So which wasn't great for dating back then. But nevertheless, I was in my parents house. I did save money for a TV and I was watching TV. I couldn't find anything to watch, which is a problem I guess even up until now, many of us experienced. And I did what most great Jewish boys do when they face a huge revolution. I went to my mom and I told her mom that there's a huge challenge like if you if you know what you want to watch, you can go to search and Google and watch it and search for it and find it. But what happens when you have no idea what you're supposed to do next? And the beginning was all about this notion of discovery of content and services and things that you might like but never knew existed almost like a search engine but in reverse and instead of you searching for things would find you. Sega brain of Google said that the perfect Google would be an empty page that Google will just know what you want to find before you even type in it. So that was the very beginning and then we can get into the the early days but the beginning was just me trying to help solve a problem I was facing which is finding things to watch. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. And it's fascinating because I've done my research and it seems that at the beginning the first 30 investors said no and it wasn't a no-brainer for everybody. I mean yeah now Tabula is big enterprise out there very successful but it wasn't like the the beginning. So I know that you also like Avengers and Star Wars, right? I see on the background. Did it feel like being in one of those movies early on &gt;&gt; for during the days of Tibula? Then we can get into some Marvel experiences. But yeah, you're in my Lego room now. So when you move to the city to suburbia, you lose a lot of cool factors, but you gain one really cool thing, which is you get Lego room. Okay, that's what I got in New Jersey, which is the best. So early days for Tiboula in fact the first four four to five years it was the toughest of times because we tried to come up with this new product to market we tried to look for product market fay try to get someone a publisher or someone to use the product and almost three times during that period of time we ran out of money and almost had to shut down the company. Our investors early on were primarily friends and family and VCs that were in Israel. And in many ways, the best investors you can find are those who give you a chance because they like you versus they like the idea because your idea is going to change so many times. But it's you that they choose to give a chance and they are your angels in many ways. Especially during this time when things are changing so many times and it was only in November of 2011 and by then we were still I don't know five, seven, eight people. Small small company. I went to San Hill Road to raise money and I met about 30 investors, you know, the best of them. And I'm not sure if any if you guys listening to this, if you've been to Sand Hill Road, it's kind of like this cement uh zone. It's like all looks the same. Buildings after buildings, door after door, it's like Ellis in Wonderland. You open one door, you go into a meeting, you get your coffee, it's a big table, one investor or two, and then you close the door, you open it, you want. It's exactly the same thing. And you're just saying the same thing again and again. I met about 30 of them and they all said no. And by the way, for the right reason. I mean, they met a person. I was inexperienced with an accent, no no school education, no network, no business model, no revenue, and it's been four and a half years. So, I would probably wouldn't invest in myself had I met myself then. And yeah, I remember sitting on a bench right on the outside and asking myself, it's either I'm very wrong or all of them are wrong. And I went back to New York and I met this new fund that was Hong Kong or Singapore, New York, Israel. It's like this triangle new fund. And I told him I need $1.5 million to essentially build an advertising model for Tiboula. And I can tell you that that $1.5 million was the less money we've ever needed to raise. It was the beginning of Tibula as a company, 2012. So 2012 was the kickoff, the liftoff of that rocket ship. If you were at Tula during those days, I can tell you because I used to send employees an email like a record revenue mail. Every time we had a record day and almost every few days, every week we had a record day. It went from hundreds of thousands of dollars a month, which to me was insanity. Remember, we went from no revenue to over $100,000. I remember calling my mom. My mom is an important piece of this whole journey, you know, like introducing me to my angel investors and but nevertheless, so I called my mom and I told her, "Look, we're making $10,000 a day. Google should be concerned. We're coming in hot." In my head, I couldn't believe that we went from zero to like $100,000 or hundreds of thousands of dollars a month. And it went from that range to two years afterwards over $200 million. It was an unbelievable rocket ship. And during that time we grew from 20 30 people to about 200 employees. For the first time we became a company of sorts. 2014 was when we then did a bigger round of funding with Fidelity and BYU and Comcast. And I can tell you that it's much easier to follow success and it's much much harder to find someone that you have no reason to believe in but to give them a chance. So in 2014 more people wanted to invest in Tibula I can tell you way more than those who wanted to invest beforehand. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. And it's very interesting because at the first five years you didn't even have revenue which is amazing looking at what is now tabula. &gt;&gt; Back then it was like nine months you know to try to even get someone to test our product. Nine months sales cycle. And it's hard to imagine those days when you try again and again and again and you know you get a test and we did get some tests with really cool partners but never did it become significant in any way which is why we almost shut down the company three times. &gt;&gt; It seems it's always you need to open the door and open the door until you find something. But if you had to compare Tabula to one of those comics books that you have watched or read which one would it be? Yeah, I do like in general stories. I'm also I have three kids. We're watching it now all the time. I like stories of underdogs. The idea of the rebels trying to go versus the bad guys. And like in my world, Tibula is defending the open web, journalism, local news, so that our children have a chance to discover things that matter outside of Tik Tok and Instagram and social media. I feel like not only do we have a good business, but also we do something that matters because it's our purpose to make sure that there's a world beyond the big platforms that primarily take care of themselves. And I think it's now maybe more than ever critically important that the world is so much in flux to imagine a universe in which you can go to a place where there's trusted information written by a human being, someone who really cares about a topic versus user generated content that you may not even know who's on the other side of it or maybe it's propaganda or maybe like you don't even know what's driving this distribution. So dangerous. So dangerous to be making important decisions based on Tik Tok. Now, it's fun and entertaining and that's all cool, but I mean for important decisions such as commerce, healthcare, travel, it's just it's too important, you know, to have a strong and thriving open web. So, I do like to think of ourselves like the Robin Hood of the open web. We generate almost $2 billion in revenue now and we will pay this year about $1.5 billion dollars to publishers all over the world. So, Tiboula is just one important piece of the puzzle of the open internet as we all know it. And I think that's important. So, I do like it. I like watching it. I like reading about it. I like talking about it. You live once. So, you should be so lucky to do something with people you love that you learn from. They make the best out of you. And if you succeed, you're making an impact on something that matters. &gt;&gt; I agree. And you mentioned trust, which is interesting because when you started there was Google, right? But it gave information but not personalized and stabula. But now we see all the new LLM engines like JGBT and perplexity. But it's kind of different in a way because they provide a single source of truth. For some of us it's annoying because you said okay maybe I want to actually see few more sources of truth. &gt;&gt; Do you think the future lies somewhere in the middle? &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean look LLM is an amazing one in a generation revolution. I mean it's remarkable and I think the future has changed forever already and it's keep changing every week that the speed of change has accelerated so much. We used to see a big change every once in 10 years. Now we're seeing it on a weekly basis. Sora just came up. I mean we're just seeing new models and new capabilities coming up literally on a weekly basis. So I think that cannot be stopped. You know it's like having ice cream in the fridge. Your kids will eventually eat ice cream. You can't tell them you'll do it once a week. It's going to happen. So at this point it's just happening. It cannot be regulated. It cannot be stopped. It's too innovative and it's perhaps too good to be true. The side of it that I think is not okay. There are a bunch of things here that I think history tends to repeat itself. Yet again we're seeing this a birth of wall gardens open AI and then smaller ones. Perplexity and others. I mean they primarily trying to hold the consumer within. Never let the user leave. And the way they capture that data and that information is a lot of time by taking content they're not supposed to take. I mean, Perplexity just two days ago is being sued by Reddit because enough is enough. I mean, you can be evil for a little bit. You can't be evil for a long time. Being evil is not a long-term strategy. You can't be stealing from publishers all the time. So, I think you look at companies like Perplexity and people like Reddit, which is obviously an important community for all of us, just said enough is enough. How much can you steal from us? and they're suing perplexity and I think we'll see more of that. So I think that's one that's not okay. They have to find a way to participate and compensate those who work very hard for that content. So that's one. Two, this creates an opportunity for publishers themselves because if I'm going to CNBC or ESPN or NBC or I'm on the travel section of USA Today, obviously consumers benefit so much from that trusted source. If you think about yourself, if you're about to buy a coffee machine or if you're about to book a trip to the Caribbeans or Mexico, yes, you might start that process on searching on CHP. You might start that question there and you'll get a quick 30 seconds answer, but you'll never make a decision based on that. You're always going to be looking for some videos perhaps on YouTube, but then you'll go to a review website because you want to know if someone has been to that location. Is it good? Is it bad? Is it an upcoming like how is it clean? How is the food? How is the beach? How is the water? Local restaurants, how is the community? You want to know some things. So before you make a decision that matter, you need to read and watch and develop that conviction. We are humans that will never change. We humans need a level of conviction to make a decision. And that's where the open web and trusted information I believe will forever thrive. That's why I believe in LLM is an opportunity for the open web because I could now go to USA Today. You mentioned deeper dive and talk to USA Today about anything I want knowing that the content that's being used was written by USA Today. It's their data. It's their content. It's real people. And I can make a decision that matters in that environment. So I think we're the beginning of a long-term journey whereby we can make decisions in that conversation kind of framework and that's going to be great for advertisers, great for consumers, great for trusted publishers and hopefully these LLM companies, some of them will be here, some of them will go away. I would argue we may see some HBO documentary on some of them because they've done too many bad things but some of them will thrive and continue. Obviously, OpenAI is amazing. So, they're not going anywhere. But I hope they'll find ways to Sam, if you're hearing this, I hope that there's a meeting once in a while when you're sitting with your team and you're saying, "What could we do to support a healthy ecosystem of journalism, local news, magazines, an important part of humanity that is important forever and because they can and if you can do something good, you should do something good." I &gt;&gt; I agree. And you mentioned the different news channel. I think there was also a big lawsuit from New York Times I think to see what's going on if they can keep using their information without pain. So it will be super interesting to see how it plays out. And I want to take now a big shift to the healthcare world because you've worked in one of the most techdriven companies out there in the web tabula. But you also become involved with KLF which funny enough we hosted alone their co-founder and co and also their chairman Mark Doo. So I'm curious what led you into this vertical which is very different than the one that Tabula operating in. Yeah, it's funny. Alone and I had like a similar experience independently and it was in my balcony in the West Village. We sat down into the night and talked about could there be a better future for consumers as relates to healthcare. My story was that I had like a pain that wouldn't go away about seven years ago and I went to the doctor for the first time and he gave me this antibiotics which I took for two weeks and then I it didn't go away. I went back again and then he gave me another treatment and it didn't go away. And then I flew to Israel and I met this doctor who said, "I actually think you have something completely different." It was a vitamin that he gave me over the counter. And I took it and it went away. And I was completely frustrated with the idea that there's the likelihood that I am patient zero or that any one of us is patient zero is zero. Most there there are eight billion people in the world. Of course, a pandemic can happen every very long period of time. But for the vast majority of instances, none of us is patient zero, which mean there's always someone like you somewhere. There are always enough cases of consumers and people out there, whether they live nearby you or all around the world that are similar to you in gender and age and behavior and other things. And my dream was to say like, could I never feel alone again? Could I actually put my situation into a machine and find people like me so that I would know what happened to them and what treatment they've taken independent of me ever actually meeting the healthare system. So I have a doctor in my pocket but not the doctor but the doctor of all doctors the one that has seen eight billion people and alone I had a similar experience that is personal to him and and we decided along alongside Ran who is the head of product to kind of start K health obviously I have a full-time job so I started as a co-founder and a board member but it was an incredible journey over the last seven years I mean we've got an incredible group of people that got involved Mark who is an amazing human being who we both know from Wix and he loves Israel more than many other people I know. Loves Israel, loves Israeli founders, love to support Israeli companies. He's the chairman of Wix. He's the chairman of K Health and he's such a good person to work with. And I found myself for the first time because that's the second thing I've ever done as in this case though as a board member as and a co-founder and a friend. And that was a different role for me. And seven years after now, K Health is has evolved so much into being a foundational part of the healthcare system where they have very large health care partners, hospitals like Hackinack and Mayor Clinic and others that essentially rely on K Health to interact with consumers before they even make a decision to go to the hospital so that you can start the process at home. Start the process of what is it that you may have. Get access to millions of patients potentially like you get start the conversation within minutes that what you may have people like you treatments they've taken and then services you can have. I can talk to someone right now or I can go and get a blood test or I can go to the hospital but I don't have to. And by the time I actually may go to the hospital or see a doctor, the doctor gets a similar access to the same information. So now we're both aligned. We're saving time, which means there is more time to treat other people. Something that I never knew about that world is that one of the biggest challenges the healthare system faces is that there are not enough doctors to treat people that truly need treatment. And then the second thing is that many people can't afford treatment. So if you can solve for those two things, give affordable to potentially free treatment K health to anyone. And the second thing to give a system to the health care part of it whereby not everyone has to interact with the doctor they can start their treatment at home. Then you're solving two massive problems. So seven years into it we have incredible investors and team and people are working so hard and we had a board meeting yesterday. I was just at K Health yesterday having a board meeting and that's very humbling at Tabula feel like we're making the open web thrive and important forever in a world where robots AI and social media are trying to take over. And on the second thing I'm involved in a company that is giving consumers free affordable access to the best healthcare AI datadriven service I think in the world. So I feel very very fortunate &gt;&gt; and it's very interesting because we seen for example Elen Musk. So Elon Musk has Tesla, SpaceX and all of these different companies and in a sense Abula is personalized content. You have now KL which is also personalized healthcare services and also now deeper dive which is a sort of another company. So I wanted to ask this question very interesting one. Do you see a world where personalized content like Tabula and personalized healthcare like care could sit maybe under one umbrella a one-stop shop with all personalization services? I mean I don't know if there's like from a structure perspective if that can or will happen. I don't think it's even needed necessarily. There's a lot of different strategies and resources and purpose like it's it's too different. I agree there. There's an underlining beauty to all these like deeper dive as relates to LLM for consumers like the CHP for the open web and then there's personalization of tabula in terms of paid services and content we offer consumers and of course K health. So there's a foundational beauty to all of them which is about me. It's like one of one. It's a world of one, right? That's what it's what's common to all of these things whereby my experience as an individual matters the most and my time is limited and you can give me what I want in the limited time I may have. But I think they're very different. Deeper dive is part of Tibula in any case. But K health and tabula I think probably going to live independent but I get to experience both which is awesome and I get to work with alone which is incredible. I mean he's he's a very special person and a very special CEO and co-founder and I said even in the board yesterday I've been doing this for almost 20 years. I've never seen someone like him. So this is so much fun and I feel lucky. You know &gt;&gt; he is very special person literally started three companies and each one of them in a different vertical. So it was one of the fascinating chats that we had so far and Adam I have one last question before I pass the mic to Amato. So Kabula just announced deeper dive a few months back and it's very special platform indeed but I wanted to ask can you share us the process of developing such an innovative product how long it took and how is it different from anything else how &gt;&gt; yeah I mean we've been working on it for over a year so tabula we have about almost 600 engineers working on variety of AI services tabula interacts with 600 million people every day we have 15 to 20,000 advertisers paying almost $2 billion a year. We generate a million dollars every six hours or so. We have 11,000 publishers. So, there's just a lot of data accumulated, intense data of consumers and AI that's taking advantage of that data and serving it out across all of our publishers around the world. Deeper Dive enjoyed all of that, the infrastructure, the data, the AI. We've added an LLM component about a year plus ago where we start saying could we train an LLM model against our data. Remember AI in many ways the technology the foundation itself is commodity. Any one of us can download llama and try to build something that is not the innovation that is already there. It keeps evolving but there's always a good very good model you can start off of. What makes something very unique and differentiated is the following unique data that you can fuel the AI to be doing something of service. The second thing is distribution. How many people do I reach? And the third one is trust. Do I trust you? So deeper dive enjoyed a lot of it already. We were already working with the most trusted publishers in the world. Disney, NBC, CBS, Apple, Samsung. I mean we work with many. So potentially we could work with some of them. Obviously we've only announced USA Today currently using it and last week India today. So we but we're working with the most trusted publishers around the world. We have such a unique data and a lot of distribution across those publishers. So deeper dive enjoyed all of that which is tabula and we trained over the last year and a half or a year plus the model so that when you ask a question it can give you an answer but also look for that's why it's called deeper dive like a deeper dive against that question so you can broaden your horizon. You can learn more beyond what you're just asking. Develop that conviction we believe you need so you can eventually make a decision that matter. We started kind of like a smaller team at Tabura. So much fun. I've been having a daily call every day at 8:30. I have a call with Deeper Dive team and it's great. We're going on a call. It's like a small startup. A few dozens of employees that are focusing just on that alongside the five 600 employees that are we're getting different services from and we're just having a good time. Go over the road map. What are we doing? What are we fixing? Who's launching next? Who's announcing next? Fun fun. Really, I always say that Tabula is like a Disneyland for geeks. How crazy is it that we get to say we should launch a chapati product for the open web which is a company I would have started if I wasn't a tabula you know and then we say well let's do it and the board of directors is supportive management acts like a sponsored executives when they keep us honest we build a team and we give it a shot we may fail we may succeed but it's really fun to have a chance to try and I think if we succeed it's going to be important to our partners and clients &gt;&gt; it seems definitely like a startup within a tech company. So exciting indeed. And Adam, thank you so much for answering all of my questions. Been it's been a pleasure. And Amado, without further ado, the floor is yours. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Yosi. Adam, going back on the subject of LLMs and balancing AI answers with deeper dive, the Bulla is effectively turning publishers into their own mini search engines. How do you balance AI generated answers with the need to drive clickth through to publisher content avoiding the issue Google faces where answers reduce [clears throat] traffic? My assumption is search traffic is going to continue to go down. And I think Google wants it to go down as fast as they can and switch that traffic with Gemini traffic because my guess is what Google's seeing is that a thousand people conversing with Gemini which is the LLM of Google is worth so much more than a thousand people searching. So if you compare old web which is traffic and clicks and things funnel to the new web which is conversations transactions follow-up questions the new world is worth so much more than the old world to everyone to the consumer we love it to companies like Google or Tibula and to advertisers and I can speak about that too but so first of all I think Google probably is very excited I'm guessing I don't They're saying, "Wow, this is incredible. Can search be replaced with Gemini and how fast can we do it?" So, my assumption is that will affect search traffic to publishers. I am a bit concerned about smaller sites. I think smaller sites, the longtail as we refer to it, are at risk because they are primarily relying on Google traffic. They're going to have to reinvent themselves as perhaps the creator economy on Snap or Instagram or Tik Tok and others because search traffic as we know it on WordPress and things. I don't know how that will evolve and how that will survive. So, I'm concerned about that and I think they'll find their ways in other ways as creators in other economies. the big ones, big trusted publishers, I think will get less search traffic, but will rise their direct traffic and they'll rise their LLM new conversational traffic. So today, publishers don't have conversations just yet. It's very new. USA Today has it with Deeper Dive. India today has it with Deeper Dive and you'll hear many more launching deeper dive over the next few weeks and months. That is a whole new world for them. And if that can grow a whole type of supply on their site, that's going to be potentially worth a lot more than the decrease in search traffic. If you go back to when iPad launched, people were wondering if that's going to cannibalize iMac and Macs or would that cannibalize phones. And the reason and the answer was no. It's going to grow the pie for everyone. People found use for iPads, for Macs, and for phones. I in fact have all three and I'm sure you do too. So what happened was a lot of times when you innovate you're concerned about the short-term decrease in what you know but what sometimes is hard to imagine is the growth in something that you you yet have seen and that growth could be worth so much more. So again I suspect a decrease in search but the growth in something that's going to be worth so much more especially with the new generation. I look at younger generations. It's crazy I get I get to say this now. I look at younger generations and you can look at the studies. They don't drink alcohol as they used to. They don't smoke as much as they used to. Older generations, they have this diet they're pursuing. And I think trusted publishers might be the organic content, you know, of the internet. Younger generations are going to be smarter than us. They're going to figure out that there's so much value in going to CNBC to go to ESPN to build that relationship direct. Much of they figured out that smoking is bad for you and alcohol is not good for you and and healthier food is better than not. And I suspect they'll have a better idea about trusted voice and connection and authenticity with brands, bigger brands than we do. So I'm very optimistic about big trusted publishers who have authority. I'm concerned about the smaller ones and I'm encouraged by younger generations I think being way better at this than we are in making decisions. &gt;&gt; Very interesting point when it comes to that credibility because a lot of people predict the end of the newspaper magazines but you're actually saying to the younger generation you're actually quite bullish on them wanting the trusted sources and also you talked about search traffic declining. Do you think that'll also have an impact on bidding for search traffic especially with smaller companies? Well, there's going to be less supply to bid on &gt;&gt; as relates to search, but there's going to be a lot of new type of supply to participate in. I don't think it's going to be necessarily bidding as we know it now on Gemini. Yeah. So, here's why this is very good for small businesses and advertising today. My wife has a flower business. She has a it's an amazing it's called Aris and Virgil. See, I did it. I said it. So, it's called Aris and Virgil. It's a very kind of like high-end flower service for events and for people who who appreciate flowers in their home of that kind and she has a subscription service. So she's an advertiser. The way advertisers participate in this ecosystem tabula, Google, Facebook, they have to bid like you just said and so they have to pay something and then once the consumer get to their site they're trying to manage the consumer and until they end up becoming a client. Some of the traffic is good, some of the traffic is not good. And it's on you as a payer, as an advertiser, as a business to to be a good advertiser and make more money than you spent. It's called performance advertising, which is the biggest part of this advertising industry. In the world of LLM, there is no funnel. You pay me for a client. Gemini or Deeper Dive over time could converse with someone that is read, you're reading about flowers. Deeper Dive will say, "I see you reading about flowers. What's your thoughts about getting a weekly service? Would you like me to tell you more about this? You click yes. Now you get some more information about it and some articles about people that have done it and events and things and you get educated on topic, but no one is offering you an ad. There's no advertising just yet. And after maybe two days or three days of conversing, Deeper Dive could say or Gemini could say, "By the way, there's a great service that cost $30 a month. Would you like me to sign you up for this? You can pay with your Apple Pay or Google Pay on your phone. click here and do it and then you pay and what then Gemini or could deliver is a client not clicks not traffic. So I think actually this is amazing for small businesses the most where money is so important budget matters so much and to advertisers in general. So again I don't know that it's going to happen. That's my opinion. I predict a surge in growth for performance advertising specifically coming from LLM which I think is good for and I wrote about this on CNBC why LLM is the best thing that happened to Google and open web. So this is public information my opinion but I do think this is a reduction in bidding on search as we know it and an increase in bidding or some sort of bidding on this new supply called LLM. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. So now going more into the evolution of things works with over 9,000 publishers globally. Where do you see the biggest geographic growth opportunities? Is it mainly US- ccentric or do you see it being international expansion? &gt;&gt; I just think we're still early on. I mean, Tiboula, we're only $2 billion in revenue almost. And compare us to Google and Facebook that are 10 times as big as us just a month. So, Google is I don't know $200 billion and Google and Facebook is 120 a year. I think we have still so much growth ahead of us. We have growth ahead of us primarily in getting advertisers to work with us and to know us. I think that Google and Facebook have each about 10 million advertisers. We have about 15 to 20,000 advertisers. We're big among the small companies, but we're still early days for Tabula. I would love to be the third option to be the company that can truly help advertisers succeed outside of search and social. For advertisers, it kind of sucks that they have only primarily two big companies to work with. And then outside of it, it's fairly fragmented and complicated. So if Tibula could one day become a company that's simple enough to work with, that is good enough to drive performance that can place your ads in trusted publishers and actually you can support journalism as an advertiser in the open web which is amazing that can be great. So that's the company we want to build and on that front we have a lot of growth globally locally you know I also think that the market advertising is the new thing you know where Netflix now has ads Amazon number one IBIDA is advertising if you're not in advertising I don't even know what you're doing these days I mean everyone wants a piece of the pie right when I started to was a much smaller market now you know Uber generates I think significant amount of their IBIDA from services and net Uber I mean you think of Uber as a company you go from A to B. No, Uber makes a lot of their money from ads. So what is even Uber? What is even all these companies? So I think advertising is not only exciting because everybody wants a piece of it. A lot of companies they want a friend that is a non- Googlele Facebook friend who will be on their side like in a win-win fashion because Fiboula we don't compete with our partners. We only grow if they grow and that's that's unique to us. And sticking more on on the innovation side of things as Tibul will evolve into that third company. It seems you've built Tibula like Lego, a solid base, then adding new layers like deeper dive and predictive audiences. Do you agree with that analogy? The Lego analogy. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean I think I think in in startups in general, you want to solve for the next problem you have, not too many problems you have ahead. You may have a vision for the future but it could be too dangerous to to build for the far future at times though it looks like great and it's sometimes we feel like great founders first build infrastructure for massive scale and then they go and build the products that's the rare occasion a lot of times what you should do is think about what they need for the next two years or three years hire for that period of time build product for that period of time and get some early success expand on that iterate fix problems fail fail fast. And in many ways, that is a brickby brick analogy. I love Legos for many reasons. One, because I think it's a physical experience, which is non-digital, and I get to do this with with my kids, not in front of a screen, which is very important. Two, it just, you know, it uses the one thing that I hope will never go away with all these AI and robots, which is imagination and creation. What makes me the happiest is to spend time with my kids and just have unstructured time. Just not know what we're going to do. just hang out, you know, with each other. So, Lego is just one great way to do it. And building startups, you should be so lucky to be on that path and try something even if you fail. Just trying is a big part of it. So, and takes a lot of courage too. So, yeah, I think there's probably some analogy to it. Some is in the physical world, others are in the digital world. &gt;&gt; And on that subject of trying and trying for us aspiring founders, you CEO of the bullet since 2007, which is a long time, you know, that that is stability. What personal leadership lessons have helped you adapt through so many shifts? &gt;&gt; I think the number one thing that helped me is primarily around the people that they agreed to join Tiboula over the years and the type of team that was built at the company from early stages. I mean many of us have been together for more than a decade. I mean I I I look at as 2,000 co-founders. You know we're we're so many people that have been here enough time that have seen the good and the bad. Remember that if you join Tibula now, you know, $200 million of adjusted EPA, $2 billion business, growing, incredible partners and, you know, advertisers, 22 offices around the world. You walk into an office, there's a piano, there's a sofa with the looks like the logo. It's confusing. It wasn't like that all the time. So to have people that have been here when it was good and bad and have been through many different periods of the company build such a an important foundation for the culture of the company, you know, we we never get we're very grounded company. We're very balanced. We dream big, but we never let it go to our head even though I'm a fairly optimistic person. So I think the the biggest lesson is to if you can bet on one thing, bet on the right people that you get the best out of each other. None of us is perfect. In fact, most of us are fairly average. It's a group of people that have a crazy passion towards one mission that rise to build something great. Most of us are not prodigies. Most of us are not Shopen or Mozart. In fact, none of us is that person. There's a reason why you still go to the Carnegie Hall and the only music someone plays to you was written in the 1700s. And that's because it took 200 years and yet no new prodigy was born to replace that. Which means that most of us are fairly just regular people. It's only when a group of people come together and have a lot of empathy and a lot of passion and trust each other make mistakes with each other and try again is when beautiful thing happen. So I think the most important thing is people and culture. You have to decide what is the culture that you can really thrive. For us, transparency was a big big deal. It's like we have all hands every two weeks. We don't prepare for that. My head of people, COO, and myself, we go on a call. We just ask everything questions every two weeks. Imagine a thousand people on a call asking questions. We send emails to the company with financial information just so they know what's going on. You can be anyone around the world. You may know about what's going on in the company more than some VPs and executives in other companies. We love that. It's this art and science dynamics at the company that I think making everyone feel like they're part of this versus just doing their job. And it gives us an edge, a one up, an oomph over other companies that may believe they deserve to win because they were first or they deserve to win because they raised more money or they deserve to win because they have a very famous executive that came from Google or whatever. No one deserves to win. We all deserves a chance. We all deserve a chance. That's the only thing we deserve. The outcome. No one deserves an outcome. So that's where I think startups shine over bigger companies. And I think my belief is it's people and culture that is your true superpower because most of us are fairly average%. Great answer. Moving on to rapid fire questions. You just brought Prodigy and visionaries. If you were to have a coffee chat or just a face to face chat with anyone in history or today, is there anyone that comes to mind? Yeah, I would definitely definitely want to sit with Shopen or Mozart or Bach or someone. My dad is a musician, very famous in Israel and and I played a piano but not professionally and about a year and a half ago my on my bucket list. I always I have a a long bucket list of things I always wanted to do. Lego room is one of them. I Lego was very expensive growing up and my family could not afford it. So only when I was 30 I had my first Lego again and then now I have the piano I wanted to have. So, you know, I'm slowly trying to get the things that really makes me happy. So, about a year and a half ago, I on my bucket list was to be able to read classical music because I can play many different things, but I could have never played classical. I I don't know how to read. So, now that I read classical music, I'm just so amazed by this, you know, it's like meeting aliens through their work. So if I could had coffee, I had to sit down and just meet one of them. That would be I have so many questions. &gt;&gt; I agree with that answer. I grew up playing viola in cello. So I think you have great taste. Speaking of that great Lego collection, what Lego build are you most proud of? &gt;&gt; Oh, that's easy. So on my bucket list, because we spoke about it, this is basically the bucket list. You should call this session not not the fun questions. This is like the bucket list questions. So when I turned 40, my wife bought me, which I can tell you was a very, very hard thing to find, the original Death Star. I think it was 2005 when it came out, something like that. But it's a gorgeous, complicated Death Star, which has a great story behind it, and I built it. Back then, they didn't have the books like they have now, the way they have them. It was like a pile of pieces and one book and you had to like just and I built it the slowest that I could. Of course, my entire house has Legos all over. So, that's by far the best one. I built it with Aussie, my son, and that's amazing. So, that's my number one. &gt;&gt; And then outside of building Legos, being a CEO, and then also music, is there another hobby? Maybe like a favorite movie or television series? &gt;&gt; In terms of hobbies, I try to be fairly consistent. So, I have a ritual. I'm a very I I wear the same clothes. I look the same all the time. I have the same jeans, the same shirts for the last 20 years or so. I wake up at the same time. I run every day six kilometers. I then do Hebrew and math with my kids every morning. And then I take them to school and then I go to work. And I try to not have a social life between six and a half to eight and a half or work so I can be with my kids unless I travel. Those things I never change. I try to do this every day, seven days a week, so I can never think about that and get something that's so important to me, which is quality time with my family. So I do run and I do other things too. It's my it's my therapy kind like I need like my daily dose of if I travel and I don't run, I feel like I get depressed. So that's another thing I try to do. And in terms of movies and things, I I generally like underdog movies. I can cry watching Karate Kid or Goodwill Hunting type of movies. So I just I like the movies when those who are not supposed to win win. We just watch Spell and Be Me and the Kids. It was like so cute. We just and I they enjoy it. I cried the entire time. I just can't take it, you know? So I those those movies and shows tend to of course we talked about Star Wars and I watch, you know, Transformers, Captain Planet. I watch all the cartoons. I mean I watch I watched many of them as a kid. That's probably how I learned English through TV, through watching cartoons as a kid. I don't know. Back then, my parents didn't really limit television. It, you know, these days we're much more aware. Back then, TV was just on all the time. So, so that was, I guess, valuable. That's probably the type of movies I like to watch. In fact, that's how I also I told my kids. I told him, you know, Jedi, how do you think Yoda became so so so powerful? And how did he get his green saber? And I told him it's because he learned Hebrew and that's you know that's how he got it. So we're making it's not exactly accurate if I had to be exact but he was working very hard on that. It was very important for him to get the green saber which he did as a kid. So we talk about different things what makes someone a Jedi and sometimes I borrow ideas into my own world you know and things. &gt;&gt; And you have me beat on the 6ks. I run 5k every day. That last kilometer I just can't do it. &gt;&gt; Do it man. Do it. You should I mean it's great for you. It's it's just just a little bit whatever a little bit means to you. Just you just get out. You sweat it out. I think it's it's it's a great therapy. &gt;&gt; 100%. Adam, thank you for the wonderful answers and sending it back to Yosi. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, Adam, thank you so much and you definitely should check out I'm not quite sure where it is. Maybe in one of those Disney World when you go there and there is the Star War theme park and then you could actually make your own lightsaber. It's super cool indeed. &gt;&gt; That I didn't do yet. You see I'm I'm going to add it to the bucket list. &gt;&gt; There you go. So Adam, thank you so much. It's been a pleasure and for everybody in the audience. So stay tuned. We have other amazing episode from the chairman of Qualcomm, CEO of Cohesity and a bunch of other interesting folks. So Adam, thank you so much. Thanks for having me, guys.
