---
ticker: FLIPKART
type: youtube
title: "Taking Stock | EP 18 | Meesho"
channel: "Paterson"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6FU3KR-esJ8
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 41216
---

# Taking Stock | EP 18 | Meesho

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Paterson
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6FU3KR-esJ8

## 转录全文

is one of the fastest growing startups in India but is not doing well on operating profits righta is still negative. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So how is it one of the best companies? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. No, I mean ask folks. &gt;&gt; One is your Valmo and the whole logistics bit. Uh second is you know who they are targeting. They've really nailed it down in terms of what they're selling and who they're selling to. And last and most importantly the zero commission bid which I still still don't think is sustainable. So over time that should change is what you're saying. &gt;&gt; I feel it will have to handling charge. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean you you mask it however you know you all those dark patterns are a thing. Now this episode of taking stock is brought to you by Patterson. Okay. Hello and welcome to yet another episode of taking stock. This is a weekly podcast where every week we pick one company, one stock and dive into it. Uh and this week we're talking about uh another e-commerce company. We spoke about a few e-commerce brands. Uh and this is a company that is started by two folks just down the road in Kor Mangla. Right? So the company we're talking about, I'm sure you already know is Misho. Uh now the first thing that I want to ask you, right? I I just came across this article when I was reading about Misho &gt;&gt; where it's an article in the Forbes magazine which says uh Misho was voted tagged not sure as the best IPO of the year right now I have two questions what does best IPO of the year mean and why was Misho the best IPO of the year &gt;&gt; that we have to ask folks but my simple assessment would be that uh one the IPO was overs subscribed by almost 79 times. &gt;&gt; So I mean is that the highest or one of the highest? I'm assuming &gt;&gt; on the higher side, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Um and the average uh listing gain in 2025 was about 10%. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Uh but the listing gain for Misho was much higher which was about 40%. 45 46%. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. &gt;&gt; Uh so that was the second factor and the third factor being that they got a valuation of about 1 lakh cr which places them in that league of mega listed companies. &gt;&gt; Understood. Understood. So I think those three angles as a combination plus the founders becoming billionaires because of the listing &gt;&gt; would have together culminated into that &gt;&gt; into this PR storm. &gt;&gt; Okay. So anyway I mean you know I think everybody knows what Misho's too big a company or too big an organization to miss now right and I think everybody knows what Misho does. It's basically uh small towns car, Flipkart and Amazon, right? To to sum it up. And we we I mean this sort of reminded me that we recently did an episode on Vishal Megaart a few weeks ago. And isn't this exactly what Vishal Megamart does but an online version? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I think the target market is pretty similar &gt;&gt; in terms of geography as well as in terms of persona. &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; So they're targeting the same guys. So I would say what Vishal Mega Mart is in the physical retail space is Misho &gt;&gt; and what a demart and others are are what flipkart and Amazon &gt;&gt; understood understood. So that's the analogy I'd probably &gt;&gt; So Misho essentially what I mean it seems quite surprising right cuz when you when you look at e-commerce as a system or as a mechanism the whole concept of e-commerce goes beyond physical boundaries right so you would assume that if Flipkart or Amazon or whatever there's a whole list of these companies that have killed it in the e-commerce game why would they ignore the smaller towns the tier 2 tier three towns No, no one's ignoring the towns. It's about what your marketplace attracts as a crowd because of what you're selling there. &gt;&gt; So, let me put it another way. Um uh so Vishal Mega if I sort of go back to right &gt;&gt; um we were at a place where um the demarts of the world for example uh the average selling price of whatever they were selling was probably 2 3x of or the revenue per square foot that's a good metric right 780 rupees was if I remember correctly for Vishal Mega Mart &gt;&gt; for uh demart it would be close to 3,000 bucks &gt;&gt; correct &gt;&gt; now similar is the situation with these guys where the average salem is about 270 rupees. &gt;&gt; Fair enough. &gt;&gt; And the others would be at least two to three times higher. &gt;&gt; Much higher. Much higher. Absolutely. &gt;&gt; Other differences. So it's not a geography. They're not choosing or ignoring a certain geography. It is about &gt;&gt; they're listing they're listing products that come within that price band which then attracts a particular set of people as their buyers. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So in effect what has happened is that these are people who are more price sensitive. They are aspirational. Uh they have access to consumption patterns at an urban level and they want similar consumption or consumer goods but at lower prices. So they're not necessarily brand conscious. Correct. They want the use of the product but price is the primary determinant of what they're buying. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Because what we're also and it's it's not really an assumption but a fact here that in when you go to smaller towns and tier 2 towns and tier 2 tier three towns and cities uh people's income levels are much lesser compared to a Bangalore, Bombay, Delhi, Chennai etc. right? So because income levels are lower, price sensitivity increases and that's where the the focus on brands is not important, &gt;&gt; right? Is that it purely comes down to disposable income at the end of the day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So that's it's all determined by price. So if you also look at like for example Misho versus the others &gt;&gt; the interface itself and the platform forget the interface but if you go onto the app or whatever &gt;&gt; you'll see a lot of like uh the description or the name itself of the object will be or the good will be black printed sneakers for men for example &gt;&gt; brown neck t-shirt or whatever right there &gt;&gt; the description more than the brand &gt;&gt; the brand is never mentioned so it's not about the brand really see 95% of the sales that happen or the products that are sold on Mishow Okay. &gt;&gt; Are not branded. &gt;&gt; So, these are usually resold by people. They're either locally made or they are cheap imports or they are just knockouts of existing brands, just copies for example or whatever. And these are the goods that are actually sold on Misho. &gt;&gt; So, it's not about going back to your question of why has Flipkart not done that because they've got brands. Misho's model is not that understood. &gt;&gt; Attracting that crowd. &gt;&gt; Makes sense. So they I I understand exactly what you're getting at right now. So I mean what we are establishing over here is that what they are selling is oh what they are selling is non-branded uh generic uh it could I I know I'm sort of focusing on clothing here but it could be anything right? accessories, clothing, literally anything. But the so more than what they're selling, what it sort of comes down to as a differentiator is who they are selling to. &gt;&gt; See, it'll so what they're selling will also over time get molded by who they're selling to. &gt;&gt; So, I'll give you an example in this case. &gt;&gt; Flipkart, Amazon, for example, electronics form a majority of their uh merchandise value. Correct? &gt;&gt; Right. For Misho, 35% is fashion and apparel. &gt;&gt; 15% is footwear and accessories. &gt;&gt; About 10% would be baby and kids stuff. &gt;&gt; Um about 18% is home and kitchen. 10% personal and beauty care. &gt;&gt; So that's the composition &gt;&gt; pretty much everything. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. But then look at it this way that composition for these guys is materially different from an Amazon or a FL. Correct. Right. So the point I'm trying to make is they will be present everywhere and they will be market leaders when it comes to volumes in certain categories like fashion for example um or in home and kitchen but again there's a difference in terms of what they're selling correct &gt;&gt; so you won't find for example I I actually for research just logged on to it and saw the shoes there like usually if I shop at like an H&amp;M or Zara the price range is completely different and here you're getting shoes for like starting at 250 bucks right &gt;&gt; so it's very different the kind of stuff you're getting Yeah, of course. Even even when it comes to I'm assuming like electronics and stuff, you'll get cheaper brands compared to you. You know, nobody's buying a TV for two lakh rupees on a Mi show. &gt;&gt; No. So all the whatever you see on Misho, even for example, I saw a few headphones on Misho. &gt;&gt; Those are brands that I've probably never heard of before. &gt;&gt; There's very few brands that um I've come across before and that are on Misho. Correct. And one of those things why um why this is also happening is because brands are not really present on Misho &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; it is usually resellers and that has to do with the model differentiator itself. So when Misho started for example they realized that &gt;&gt; they have a lot of buyers &gt;&gt; but they have an equal number of people who want to sell as well. &gt;&gt; Correct. Uh and these were your typical um homemakers and um uh people without substantial &gt;&gt; stores also could be right &gt;&gt; could be or people just sitting at home and want to make a business. Right. &gt;&gt; Right. And that's how they dwelled into this angle in the first place. &gt;&gt; So one of the things uh that they do is actively they're built for small companies or small individuals and not really for brands. That's the fundamental difference in terms of while we've spoken about demand side of things. The supply is also similar. &gt;&gt; Correct. Correct. This episode of taking stock is brought So I mean this is what's fascinating right that even though we say that you know the average order value is 200 I think 270 or something you said right and and they're targeting a very different kind of audience compared to an Amazon flip card. &gt;&gt; But the fact of the matter is that majority of India falls into this audience. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean we get &gt;&gt; when you look at volumes &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. No for sure and that's what happens right even like when we were talking about Vishal Mega for example you said that I've seen so many demarts around but I've not seen me whereas the number of Vishal meat stores in India are much more than &gt;&gt; correct correct &gt;&gt; similar was with Misho when I mean you obviously being in finance and business I'd heard about Misho quite a bit &gt;&gt; um however I think today was the first time I not today but whatever was the first time I've gone onto the site or the downloaded the app &gt;&gt; yeah and to be very honest I I haven't and that's that's the Right. As as urban folks, we are we we think that we are we are we think we are very uh what do you say techsavvy in terms of buying things online and etc etc. But what we forget is that everybody across India is now buying things online, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; The the adoption of buying something online has only increased and now thanks to Jio where everybody every corner of the country has free internet, everybody wants to buy stuff online. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So there was like a couple of stats in the Misho DRP which were very interesting. One is that currently tier 2 3 and beyond form about 44% of the entire e-commerce market in India &gt;&gt; and this is expected to move to 50% by FI30. So clearly that market is growing much faster compared to uh your urban markets. &gt;&gt; And the second uh fact was that uh internet penetration or sorry e-commerce penetration in tier 2, tier three and beyond is at 4% whereas it whereas it is at 14% for metros, right? &gt;&gt; So those two drivers sort of accelerate growth quite a bit for Misho when it comes to just being present in that market. Um so yeah and and so and this was a statistic similarly in uh the whole retail space of spend uh where retail spend for example in tier one is at about 30 lakh cr but tier 2 tier three and beyond would be beyond 50 lakh crer but because we're exposed to a whole different set of um uh platforms or a whole different set of businesses that we interact with uh we don't usually end up coming across what's used by the masters. &gt;&gt; Correct. Correct. Correct. So okay so let's let's look at right what I mean Misho's obviously done extremely well for themselves apart from just having a blockbuster IPO as a company they've just grown at an extremely fast pace right so what is it that okay one is they've really nailed down their uh who they what they are selling and who they are selling to has been very clearly well established right but what are the other differentiators that sort of stops maybe somebody else building the same platform so one of the most like radical things that Misho did for example was that the norm for any e-commerce platform was that you charge 15 to 20% commission to whoever is selling it &gt;&gt; because you're enabling their sale &gt;&gt; on your platform and that's the fee for making the market correct &gt;&gt; for somebody &gt;&gt; um however what happens is that this is affordable for brands &gt;&gt; this is affordable for goods that are higher priced &gt;&gt; because they have that much margin available however when you're talking about stuff where people are actually smaller in nature in terms of their size &gt;&gt; um and the average order value itself is smaller as well &gt;&gt; then that becomes a little unviable. So what these guys did was that um and initially they were also charging a 15 20% sort of platform fee or whatever commission to sellers. Um but this was locking out about three quarters of the sellers who are too fragmented and who have margins which are too less to give to a market &gt;&gt; because essentially if you're selling shoes for 250 rupees &gt;&gt; you cannot really possibly afford to give a 20% commission to to me. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So in and that's realized that a lot of their sellers are also like these smaller ones and whatever. So in 2021 somewhere like towards the end of the year these guys said that hey we're going to not charge any margins or commissions. It's going to be 0%. &gt;&gt; Right? And I think that was the game changer in terms of increasing the network or the product space itself that you or the product breadth that you have on the platform. &gt;&gt; So how do they make money then if it's zero commission? &gt;&gt; So they charge for fulfillment. &gt;&gt; So basically if you're the seller &gt;&gt; I will not charge you anything as me show. I'll not charge you anything for listing your product and when a sale happens I won't charge a commission on it. However that product has to be delivered as well. &gt;&gt; So I will charge you a delivery or a fulfillment fee. So I it so if I'm a seller I am delivering that product to whoever person X who's bought it on fulfilling it. &gt;&gt; So Misho makes sure that the product is delivered. Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; Delivery is Misho's job. &gt;&gt; Right. But for that job to be done there'll be a charge that will be charged. That is one uh revenue source. &gt;&gt; However a majority of the revenue this is a smaller one. &gt;&gt; Majority because this also has a cost associated with it. &gt;&gt; Correct. uh the majority of the revenue comes from advertising. &gt;&gt; So basically as any marketplace if you want preferential listing, you want ad space, you want whatever. So all of that becomes a revenue source for each &gt;&gt; right. &gt;&gt; So typically what uh we've seen in e-commerce is that out of the total gross whatever the gross merchandise value is &gt;&gt; 4% of it seems to be like a ceiling when it comes to how much retailers or sorry sellers are willing to spend on a platform &gt;&gt; for advertising. Understood. &gt;&gt; They don't spend beyond 4 to 5%. &gt;&gt; So that itself becomes the revenue for uh for me. Sure. &gt;&gt; Because beyond that what happens is sometimes uh the return you're making on that investment on marketing or advertising is something you'll notily make up for. &gt;&gt; Correct. Correct. Correct. &gt;&gt; You won't get a ROI basically on that. &gt;&gt; Understood. But I'm just trying to understand that Misho and you will probably have the exact numbers right that Misho's turnover is hundreds of crores maybe thousand crores right. So you're saying majority of that revenue is coming only from this 4% 5% advertising cost. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. That's Yeah. Okay. Fair enough. That seems quite off. No. Why? I don't know. I mean it's a huge number coming from just &gt;&gt; imagine this right at the end of it. uh the volume we are talking about at this point in time for example &gt;&gt; Misho is doing about and numbers vary &gt;&gt; but they're set to do about 30% of the total shipments in e-commerce in India &gt;&gt; wow &gt;&gt; and that is the largest right &gt;&gt; so uh it is the highest in terms of share &gt;&gt; uh it may not be the highest in terms of revenue share &gt;&gt; because the AOVs are onethird of what the others are committing &gt;&gt; but in terms of sheer volume it is humongous And I'll tell you about one of these things that had happened there, right? Like for example, there was ecom express which we spoke about in delivery, &gt;&gt; I think we've covered enough companies &gt;&gt; to go back &gt;&gt; to keep going back. &gt;&gt; Go watch all the episodes right now &gt;&gt; after this. &gt;&gt; Ecom Express was acquired by Deliver. At one point more than 50% of uh revenue for Ecom Express was coming from Misho. &gt;&gt; Ecom Express's job was to just deliver. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. Um and what happened is uh Flipkart and Amazon moved towards their own captive delivery. Misho didn't have their own captive delivery at that time and they changed the business model a little bit, right? We'll come to that a little later maybe in the next part. But as soon as they changed it, Ecom Express went into trouble, &gt;&gt; right? Because they were so dependent on dependent on and that was the case with delivery as well. But delivery also, if you go back again, they've got PTL, they've got FTL as a business. Correct. Correct. Correct. Sorry. Partial truckloads and full truckloads. So they're not only doing e-commerce, they've also got other businesses which shielded them from Misho's business plan change. &gt;&gt; Understood. &gt;&gt; Business model change. &gt;&gt; This episode of taking stock is brought this whole zero commission initiative when whenever Misho did that, right? I I'm assuming it was done from the point of view of becoming very seller friendly as well, right? That it's not just that okay, &gt;&gt; you've got X number of buyers who are coming onto your platform and buying things, but what's the point of having 100 buyers if there's nobody selling good stuff, right? So, I'm assuming that was the mindset be behind doing this, right? I see a lot of these models uh work in a way that the larger your network is &gt;&gt; the more successful you become. I'll I'll give you I'll break it down. So for marketplaces for example, if you have a limited set of products, nobody's coming &gt;&gt; Correct? &gt;&gt; So you need to have a wide spread of things available for people to come &gt;&gt; It's like dating apps are a great example of it because if there is only a small pool of people then that app won't do well. The larger the pool the more the correct correct &gt;&gt; uh so even here in this case either you get brands which have a wide array of products available right &gt;&gt; or you get a large number of resellers which may have a smaller catalog but you provide the breadth &gt;&gt; right so you you see this you know I mean when we talk about marketplace I'm going to drift away a little bit from me show but when you see brands like a swiggy and zomato today right and it's a classic example of how they are an aggregator right and you see Now a lot of restaurants not just in Bangalore but across the country complaining about the fact that they charge a 25 27 30% &gt;&gt; margin right and we've experienced this where you see so many restaurants today who don't want to list on Swiggy who would be happy selling through their own social media or just through the outlet purely because of the high commissions that a Swiggy or Zamato would charge. So I think this is what they've avoided essentially. Um yeah, but also what they've done is they've sort of see because the revenue is capped at advertising and fulfillment &gt;&gt; uh they've obviously missed out on the entire commission revenue which is great &gt;&gt; right which is amazing a source for revenue &gt;&gt; which Flipkart and Amazon do have &gt;&gt; so in order to monetize or at least find other sources of monetization over the years they've experimented with a few things &gt;&gt; okay &gt;&gt; and one of their initiatives was this one product called Misho mall &gt;&gt; so Misho mall is supposed to be where brands come in &gt;&gt; and these are not unbranded products and where Misho will charge a commission for listing their products out. &gt;&gt; However, the pickup of that is pretty slow because there are several factors which sort of come into play effectively till date Misho has not been built for brands. &gt;&gt; It has been built for smaller uh individuals or enterprises. &gt;&gt; So they lack a lot of for example they lack uh a healthy return on ads. uh they lack uh reliable insights and analysis on their platform. U they don't have enough checks on false products right &gt;&gt; which is a very strong commitment by Flipkart and Amazon to not have on their entire platform. &gt;&gt; Uh so because of these things what is happening is &gt;&gt; although they're trying to get into that space uh that is becoming a little bit of a slow pickup &gt;&gt; uh because their DNA itself is different. Uh so you're right about saying that it supports that larger ecosystem but it's not really meant for brands yet. &gt;&gt; They may be moving in that direction and trying it out but we don't know how it'll work out. &gt;&gt; I think it also depends on how with the development or increase in income in the sectors that they are targeting they will. So when when smaller towns people living in smaller towns start earning more naturally they would become more aspirational and they would want brands. Then I think we should have to sort of ride that wave as and when it comes along &gt;&gt; possibly or the other way because if I look at this movement from unbranded to branded &gt;&gt; um there is a similar movement happening or an attempt happening from Flipkart and Amazon's site to go into &gt;&gt; unwards. So Flipkart's launched uh a product there Amazon has launched something called Bazar which is Flipkarts is uh Shopsy. So these guys have launched platforms on the other hand &gt;&gt; going into or encroaching into Misho space. &gt;&gt; So I think migration is happening on both sides because both markets are fast growing and attracting right. to you by Patterson &gt;&gt; but you you were also mentioning earlier know that uh they've got a massive sort of differentiator built around the logistics as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So actually it wasn't so much of a differentiator. So what happens is to just take a step back in the case of a lower AOV product &gt;&gt; efficient delivery becomes very important &gt;&gt; because it doesn't make sense when you're delivering a dress which is worth 250 bucks and the delivery costs about 50 or 60 rupees. &gt;&gt; It it the economics just crash absolutely makes sense. &gt;&gt; Um it it always makes sense or is easier when it comes to higher average order values and not so much for smaller ones. Um so for the longest time so right now what the scene is that Flipkart and Amazon have their own captive delivery arms. &gt;&gt; Uh usually what used to happen is there are third party logistics players like a delivery like an e-commerce that we've covered earlier. &gt;&gt; Um now these will make anywhere between 20 and 30% contribution margins. Now why should a brand where the delivery cost is also making a difference in terms of a buyer's decision making &gt;&gt; um be in a position to give that margin. So it makes sense that over time as you learn and figure things out you sort of build your own delivery as well. &gt;&gt; Uh so Flipkart has got something known as e-cart. &gt;&gt; Amazon does it through Amazon transport services. &gt;&gt; And for both of these combined uh about 80 to 90% of the deliveries are made using captive sources. Okay. So, what does capital sources means? You're inhouse. Yeah. Okay. And 10 to 20% goes to third party or 3PL players like Ecom Express or u delivery. &gt;&gt; For Misho. Uh this was not really the case &gt;&gt; uh about uh so ecom express was a majority of uh their delivery. &gt;&gt; However, what they've done is they've uh now built a whole different model. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; So they've built a entity called Walmo. &gt;&gt; So Walmo what it essentially does is that it fulfills delivery &gt;&gt; but using third party but not integrated players like a delivery or ecom express. So for example, an ecom express or delivery or a third party logistics player &gt;&gt; will do everything from picking up the item at the seller's end &gt;&gt; to putting it in a warehouse, sorting center, another warehouse, delivery, &gt;&gt; everything end to end, &gt;&gt; Walmo basically breaks the entire chain down. &gt;&gt; And offers fulfillment to local partners at different levels. &gt;&gt; So it sort of plays a bidding game. For example, which partner is available right now? If it's 60 bucks, it'll sort of say, "Oh, you're doing it for 30, you're doing it for 40." It goes to you. &gt;&gt; Understood. So, one thing. So, Valmo is owned by Mishu. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, they've developed this to eventually solve that whole problem of &gt;&gt; a 50 rupee delivery fees for a 200 rupee product, right? That's the whole &gt;&gt; that's the whole intent. It's fairly uh it's not fully uh embibed in the company right now. About half or a little more of their deliveries would be managed by Valmo right now. &gt;&gt; Understood. And that has already affected ecom express and put their valuations down and then delivery acquired and all that jazz. &gt;&gt; But Walmo has the it's picking up fast and it has the potential to sort of cover a lot more ground. &gt;&gt; Uh so what it essentially will do is for example the first mile pick up itself. First mile is being from the seller it's picking up &gt;&gt; that'll be given to a different partner. &gt;&gt; Then sorting center will be different. It may be different &gt;&gt; local career office. It may go to from there it may go to somewhere else. So what they're targeting essentially more than also so they're not saying we'll be the fastest to deliver &gt;&gt; because this may take a longer time right but they &gt;&gt; it'll reach you at low cost essentially &gt;&gt; it'll reach you at low cost it'll reach you in a predictable manner &gt;&gt; because if you are not available it'll go to somewhere else it'll optimize the route it'll go in a much more efficient manner &gt;&gt; they're not targeting speed may be an outcome &gt;&gt; but that is not the intent &gt;&gt; but I see I also understand that when when we're talking about the audience that they're targeting which we've obviously established that they're extremely price sensitive I don't speed if it takes a little bit of a hit &gt;&gt; at you know while saving cost it might actually work right and that's what's exactly happening right &gt;&gt; yeah and in any case I think see a lot of these pin codes which are in tier 2 tier three or beyond &gt;&gt; speed is not the highest &gt;&gt; today what happens &gt;&gt; nothing works at speed &gt;&gt; nothing works at speed like a lot of times earlier I remember buying the other day I got like I ordered a book from Amazon &gt;&gt; it's reached me in 30 minutes &gt;&gt; a book had never reached me in 30 minutes before it had always been a day at least &gt;&gt; and now living in Bangalore living where we live it's available &gt;&gt; but that's not the case if I order in Bodra for example which is not really tier 2 tier &gt;&gt; you won't get your food in 30 minutes also so forget the book &gt;&gt; food you get &gt;&gt; because the restaurant's next door &gt;&gt; yeah actually food you faster because there's no traffic at all. &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's no traffic. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, okay. So, what we're essentially establishing is that Misho's built these differentiators, right? Where one is your Valmo and the whole logistics bit. Uh second is, you know, who they are targeting. They've really nailed it down in terms of what they're selling and who they're selling to. And last and most importantly the zero commission bit which I still still don't think is sustainable. &gt;&gt; Why? &gt;&gt; I just it makes no sense. I don't think they can make their entire money purely through advertising. &gt;&gt; So over time that should change is what you're saying. &gt;&gt; I feel it will have to &gt;&gt; handling charge. thing now. But yeah anyway like and and that which is what brings me to my next point right &gt;&gt; that when I when I was going through the the the sort of article over here what I also understand is that Misho is one of the fastest growing startups in India but is not doing well on operating profits righta is still negative. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. No I mean ask Forbes. So see FI they're at scale now right? So in FI 25 for example they did upwards of 9,000 crores in revenue. &gt;&gt; So they are huge. Um and they're growing at 28 30% every year which is also the fastest growing because then Amazon would be growing at somewhere around Amazon and Flipkarts would be growing in the high teens or say 20 21% sort of uh growth rates and these guys are clearly higher. &gt;&gt; However, you're right the Aida margin is at a minus 6.2%. 2% 11 by 25 &gt;&gt; they're not getting any better. Uh &gt;&gt; so in the sense a lot of companies you see that curve happening and then &gt;&gt; you know they're going to break even in the near future. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So um Misho's not profitable yet. It's doing although it's achieved scale it's got like a revenue that is upward of 9,000 crores in FI &gt;&gt; because they're not charging commissions &gt;&gt; and they're growing north of 20. They're actually growing at like 28ish% which is much higher compared to both your Flipkart and Amazon. &gt;&gt; Um but Amazon recently turned positive and this guy is still at like a minus 6% AIDA margin. &gt;&gt; So you're right. One is that second is also &gt;&gt; but you you mentioned that they're not even going towards an upward trend. &gt;&gt; I mean FI 24 was - 6.5. FI25 will be - 6.2. FI26 maybe they'll do a minus4. So slowly inching up there but not really in a meaningful manner where I can confidently say that within the next 2 years. &gt;&gt; Um so that's that's a bit of an issue. Uh the thing is see there is obviously um I mean there are several costs which are hitting them in a very uh negative manner. Uh one is that uh there is an advertising cost which is pretty heavy &gt;&gt; logistics costs are still heavy still heavy because they don't have a captive like the others right. uh they're also sort of pioneering the model and optimizing it as we speak. So these costs may come down in the future, right? But this point point in time, they're still pretty heavy in terms of uh the overall cost structure. &gt;&gt; Uh the other two three things are that when the average order value itself is low, &gt;&gt; they fundamentally can't make higher margins. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; So that is a problem which is more fundamental and that's why I'm not very confident of sort of putting a year to &gt;&gt; timeline to it. Yeah, they are going to become positive. So that is one issue. The other issue is that with this market &gt;&gt; again these are fundamental issues. The cash on delivery is very high. &gt;&gt; So it's about 80 75 to 80% for Misho whereas it will be much lower for a prepaid orders will be much lower for Amazon and Flipkart &gt;&gt; will be higher. &gt;&gt; Huh? Higher for Amazon and Flipkart not for uh &gt;&gt; Misho. Correct. In this case what happens is sometimes so one is the entire ecosystem becomes inefficient because somebody's collecting cash that cash has to go to go through various channels and reach the show in the first place. &gt;&gt; U the other thing is um there is a lot of failed deliveries and returns &gt;&gt; because delivery people change their mind etc etc. &gt;&gt; Yeah and when you're delivering to these places &gt;&gt; the cost of delivery is also higher compared to easier locations which your Flipkart and Amazon are serving. &gt;&gt; Correct. Correct. So that again becomes a fundamental issue which is not solvable very fast. &gt;&gt; Because critical mass has to be achieved in multiple pin codes for you to be profitable at a unit level at multiple pin codes. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. Right. &gt;&gt; So that becomes difficult. &gt;&gt; So the that inefficiency sort of results in a place where Misho is not doing too well on profitability. Misho is also trying to curb it down at some levels. So they offer discounts to people if they select a no return option for example. Understood. &gt;&gt; Or if they say that if you're going to prepay prepay the entire &gt;&gt; you get a slightly cheaper &gt;&gt; but in that case they they're trying to change behavior but that is not really fundamentally changing the economics of them. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Because they're going to lose more money or spend more money just to &gt;&gt; so the amount of risk there was &gt;&gt; by the inefficiency is the amount of discount they're giving to avoid it. So getting bit to &gt;&gt; right. Yeah. But I think I think behavior will change with time right. But that's the thing, right? It's it's a function of time and it's also something that Misho I don't think can control. I don't think one company can control the behavior of 30 40% of the country's population. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. So I mean these things are why I think uh while there is immense growth in the company like if you look at I think there was a one report by UBS which went like extremely it became popular and affected the stock price massively as well. uh basically they came out with the buyer report citing the asset light model as as a positive which is uh the negative working capital is a positive which is however what it also does is say for example it says that from fi 25 to 30 uh they are they will be able to clock a 30% caggr in the net merchandise value which is very doable because the number of transacting users are increasing &gt;&gt; in the market &gt;&gt; as well as the order frequency is much higher &gt;&gt; so on average uh which is again a great fact because people are sort of ordering in smaller buckets, right? &gt;&gt; Um so the order frequency right now is at about nine times a year. &gt;&gt; They're expecting it to go to about 14 times. &gt;&gt; This is per customer. &gt;&gt; Huh. Okay. &gt;&gt; Which is also great. But I think the problem is where the average order value which is 274 right now &gt;&gt; is actually going downward. &gt;&gt; Ah &gt;&gt; so that's where it becomes problematic because that will again determine a lot of the financial metrics that we're talking negatively about. Um so in short I think uh the the remarkable bit is that although it generated a uh free cash flow which is positive in FI25 &gt;&gt; um the margins are still sort of negative &gt;&gt; uh and although they are the fastest growing &gt;&gt; they don't have a direct comparable in the listed space even when it comes to the internet players &gt;&gt; but still negative margins &gt;&gt; but if if you had to I mean uh if you had to make a calculated guess right that by which year or in how many years do you see Misho being a better positive and obviously this guess is based on today the day of recording things will obviously change right how many years would you say it would take &gt;&gt; I really would wouldn't put a number to it &gt;&gt; I mean because they're see they're already free cash flow positive so that is a great positive point &gt;&gt; um and a lot of analysts are putting that number to one year where they'll probably aid the break even uh next one year &gt;&gt; in the next one. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh but at this point in time looking at how the trends are sort of moving I would not like and I don't know if I'm supposed to but anyway I I wouldn't place it in the next two years. &gt;&gt; Bit too late. No. No. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean you asked the question already. You're supposed to answer. So my next question right again which which is something I always find confusing uh is how do you value a company? Because at the end of the day, the the conclusion of every podcast is how do you look at the valuation of the company or the stock we're talking about, right? But how do you value a company that isn't profitable? &gt;&gt; Yeah. On sales and and a company that isn't profitable even profitability is not even on the horizon in the next few years, &gt;&gt; right? So how do you value something like that? &gt;&gt; No. No, and even if it is say for example I'm wrong in terms of &gt;&gt; profitability they achieve profitability by FI27 for example &gt;&gt; even then they're not going to achieve normalized profitability and hence pegging valuations on a lower profitability or number which is not sustainably low doesn't make sense &gt;&gt; so at the end of it what does make sense is probably from my angle at this point in time is to probably just look at the EV by revenue of the company &gt;&gt; which is the enterprise value divided by the revenue right &gt;&gt; um if I look at that Misho sort trades at a steep discount compared to its peers &gt;&gt; and there is no direct peer but still so for example Misho would be trading at about 2.5 times EV2 revenue &gt;&gt; whereas Swiggy's at five times urban companies at 7 and a half India Mart's at seven &gt;&gt; are these direct you can't really that's why I don't want to even get there in terms of comparison &gt;&gt; uh but what I would probably look at is that &gt;&gt; whenever a company even if it's not achieved sustainable or steady state profitability As soon as it starts showing signs of reaching that pro profitability a rerating happens &gt;&gt; correct. &gt;&gt; So the profitability has the sorry the valuation has the potential of going from a two and a half times to a four times or five times &gt;&gt; provided there is visibility of profitability coming on a sustained level &gt;&gt; right understood. So I think hence what the uh thesis depends on &gt;&gt; is and what the most important metric becomes hence is &gt;&gt; when they will achieve profitability and how much &gt;&gt; right so that's the that's what your sort of if you're tracking this company you're even thinking of investing &gt;&gt; this is what you sort of keep an eye on &gt;&gt; this is what I would keep an eye on and in fact like I would go to the level of sort of saying that still there are a few things of where you would say that okay this company deserves a premium to whatever non-comparable peers there are and there is a set of reasons why there should be a discount also. Uh so I think for me the largest metric in terms of figuring out whether even to buy it or not from a financial or a business standpoint before even coming to valuations &gt;&gt; is sort of keeping track of profitability &gt;&gt; that's why I wouldn't pay too much attention to the valuation right now because do I really like the business model and is it really a business model that can generate profits on a sustained basis or not? I want to confirm that before even &gt;&gt; moving towards saying that is this the right price to pay or not. &gt;&gt; Correct. Correct. Correct. Cool. Sounds good. I think that's about it. Uh keep a track of profit. Profit. Keep a track. You've thrown me. Keep a track on the profitability of the company. I think that's the metric that everybody should be tracking and and if it moves in the right direction, there is a rerating possibility. Right? That's all for today. Thank you so much for listening. Please like, share, subscribe, let everybody know about this podcast and let us know in the comments as usual which companies you'd like to like us to cover. Uh a lot of you guys have put down companies and we have added those to the pipeline so they will be coming up soon. Thank you so much. &gt;&gt; Disclaimer, this content is forformational informationational purposes only. None of the stocks, brands or products mentioned are recommendations or investments.
