---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: U
title: "Is This AI Stock The Most Asymmetrical Bet In The Market Right Now?"
channel: "How to Invest"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: IPXXVZGer64
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPXXVZGer64
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Is This AI Stock The Most Asymmetrical Bet In The Market Right Now?

**Channel**: How to Invest  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPXXVZGer64

## Transcript

Hello and welcome to How to Invest. In today's video, we're going to be talking about a new stock that we recently started researching called Better Home uh and Finance Holding Company or better.com. Um I'm really excited to be telling you guys about this company because we think the prospects for it um is maybe one of the best in our entire spreadsheet at the moment. So um I'm going to get into it. I'm going to give the story. I'm going to go through the spreadsheet and then we're going to look at the potential returns um for this company. A little bit about me, I am a stock analyst for a holding company with over 10 million of assets under management as well as my own personal $150,000 portfolio. Just so you guys know, we are not certified financial advisors. This video is not financial advice. All investments carry risk. You are solely responsible for your investments. We encourage everyone to do their own due diligence and research. We have a high risk tolerance and a long investment horizon. This video reflects our opinions only at the time of recording and are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Starting with the synopsis, what is the current status quo at Better? So, Better um is doing business as better.com. It's headquartered here where I live in New York and it provides mortgage origination and related services such as title insurance, home insurance online in the United States in the UK. Um, basically it does better processes, underwriting and closes mortgages for lenders and then sells them to secondary investors. So yeah, it does originates mortgages and then it also does like home equity products and then a few others as well. Their mission is for uh we're making home ownership simpler, faster, and most importantly, more accessible for all Americans. Now, let's talk about their products. They do conventional uh VA uh FHA mortgage underwriting, matching and resale. They do helocks and secondary mortgages. Um they work, they do some real estate agent services. They do some title insurance and services. Um and they also do home insurance services. Um and then a big part of the better story is their product called Tinman. Tinman is an AIdriven automated rules-based decision engine and software platform. So this is basically uh a mortgage origination uh SAS product software as a service product or platform. The software platform and engine enables a range of loan uh and financial services combining a point of sales system, CR, CRM system, pricing engine, document engine, uh loan origination software, and underwriting calculation engine. So, it does the underwriting. It generates documents required to be able to sell a loan to the mortgage market. Um, and it, you know, it takes all the information in about the borrowers and then decides based on their information, income, uh, you know, credit score, those kind of things, what they can qualify for. Um, and it does this much much faster than humans can, um, with much more accuracy. So, you know, there's tons of mortgage products and maybe, uh, the loan officer isn't aware or or forgets about one loan product that the customer could, you know, qualify for and maybe gets them a more expensive one. Well, this is a AI platform. It's going to check all of them. It's not going to forget, you know, one of the loan products. So, it's going to always be able to match the customer with the best mortgage product for them. So, we'll talk about their uh business model. They do direct to consumer uh sale of their products. And then the other big thing they're doing is the selling of Tin Man uh to loan officers, to banks, that kind of thing. So, yeah, customers can go directly to their website. Um actually, this would be a good time to go to their website real quick. It's really really good. You get hit with this like chat interface named Betsy. Betsy is super super responsive. She can ask a bunch of questions and she can do like almost so much of the process if not almost all of the process as far as I'm aware of like basically doing your helock or or doing your you know loan uh pre-approval those sort of things. So really really powerful uh product here. Um talking about the founder, this is founderr run which we absolutely love. And Bashall Gar is actually a really really tried andrue founder. Uh his last company was called my rich uncle which did st student loan uh origination and student loans for students. Um unfortunately it it did go public and uh I think it was something like a 400 millionish market cap at its peak. Um but during the 2008 financial crisis, one of their f like funders of the loans were was the Lehman brothers. So we know the story there. Lehman Brothers, you know, went bankrupt and they were they went bankrupt as well as a result. Um but you know, Vashall Gar is really resilient and he got back to it and he founded another company called now better.com. is now public once again with a new public company that is now originating loans. So, um yeah, born and raised in New York, just a very very resilient founder. Um from all the interviews and stuff I've listened to, he is super super customer obsessed. Um and he has a really deep desire to like build something. He's he has like a true founder spirit. Um even uh during I'll go into the history a little bit of better.com. So there was a really rough period uh well first there was a really good period. So uh around 2020 2020 when the start of COVID happened um and rates were basically at zero uh they just did HELOCs at that moment. So they did like home equity kind of products and when rates went to zero tons of people were doing HELOCs refinances that kind of thing. So uh their revenue went absolutely parabolic. So you could see the revenue here in 2020 of 88 million and then uh in 20 or sorry in 2019 it was 89 million and then in 2020 it went to $1.7 billion in one year. So absolutely insane growth and then you could see over the next couple of years where we had the fastest rate hike in uh rake height cycle in history. Their revenue plummeted off of a cliff. Um, and during that time there was some controversies about him having to fire a bunch of people. He did it not in the best way. He did it over Zoom. Um, he got a lot of, you know, kind of push back for that, a lot of flack because of that. Um, he was even, you know, some of the people on the board actually wanted to fire him, but he's like, "No, this is my baby. I want to stay here at this company." Um, you know, he learned from that. He talks about how it was a mistake, uh, reflecting on it in a lot of interviews. Um, and he actually was able to lead the company through that where they're basically were just doing this these home equity products and the home equity product market shrank by something like 99%. So he was able to lead the company through that um rate height cycle and pretty much the complete de like demolition of their entire business. They were able to pivot. He led the company through a pivot from just home equity products to also home origination and then they started building this 10-man product, this AI product as well. Um, and has been able to turn around the business from that massive decline in revenue to now growing 50% year-over-year again and accelerating. So, they pivot. They still do home equity, but now they do home mortgage origination as well, as well as selling Tin Man to banks and loan officers and such like I already talked about. And now we're seeing a massive re-aceleration in growth once again. And on top of that, we are coming out of that rate hike cycle and going into a rate cut cycle, which I think is going to, you know, dramatically, you know, speed up over the next year or so. We're going to get, I think, a definitely quite a few cuts and we'll talk about that a bit more in the bull case. So that's a little bit about Vashall. Just a really good founder, very very resilient, successfully ran companies in the past. Now his first company did go bankrupt but that was due to a lot of external factors like you know the great financial crisis and you know the Lehman brothers being one of their financial backers uh going bankrupt as well. So yeah let's uh talk about the bare case a little bit. So currently it is unprofitable. So there's definitely execution risk though management has guided that they're going to get to IBIDA profitability by Q3 of this year. Um and on top of that the another part of the argument for the bare case would be mortgage and heliloc demand is cyclical based on rates which we have definitely seen in the past and that absolutely demolished their business in the past. Now he's greatly diversified away from the cyclicality especially of equity um you know equity loan products because equity loan products you know you don't have to take out you know an equity loan on your home but people are always moving. So you know whether or not the rates are high or low people will have to move for work and they need to buy a new house regardless even if rates aren't necessarily the best. But you don't have to do a home equity you know loan even if rates are super high. just wait until a better, you know, rate environment and then you take out, you know, a secondary mortgage or whatever on your property to, you know, you know, redo the kitchen or whatever you need the the money for, consolidate credit card debt, whatever it might be. Um, that is a like almost completely based on rates, whereas people are always moving, buying and selling real estate. So, that's a more of a consistent business. And now that they moved into that field and they have Tin Man, which is more of a SAS product, it's going to be subscription based. It's going to be more sticky. Um, it's going to be a lot more consistent revenue. I think the the cyclicality kind of uh based on rates is that risk has gone down a ton through recent you know developments and pivoting inside the company. Uh and then the last part of the bear case is drone pal recently talked about possibly the need to rate hikes raise rates a little bit in the short term due to the uh massive increase in oil prices because of the Iran war. So, if we do see a rate hike in the short term, though long term, I think rates are going down, um a rate hike in the short term could be a um a pretty big headwind for better and could mean, you know, a bit of a a tumble in the stock price. Uh if that does happen, though, if you look at things like true inflation, uh interest uh inflation rates are actually still going down despite the increase in energy costs. Though, it could take a little bit of time to see that reflected uh in the data. though true inflation is a lot more uh ahead of you know the government in terms of knowing what's actually happening with inflation there's a lot of massive deflationary kind of macro things happening with AI and that kind of stuff so uh yeah we'll talk a little bit about that now in the bullcase the bullcase is the revenue is growing again from their pivot to mortgage origination and selling tin man and now that they have a AI native product like Tinman tin AI is a tailwind so every time AI gets better their product gets better. Um, they have a data mode. Well, we'll talk about modes a bit later. And just the more mortgages they originate, the better the underwriting is. Um, from my understanding, this also basically replaces like eight individual software programs that most, you know, underwriters or or mortgage originators use and just combine them all into one central connected platform called Tinman. Um so it's a really good improvement on the current like legacy software that these you know mortgage writers and underwriters are using currently and um when we looked at when we look later at product comparisons almost none of these other products are AI native or have any kind of AI integrated into them whatsoever. Um so it's just a very superior product and you know because they're doing mortgage origination as well as the equity products uh you know their revenue is growing again and actually very very fast. Um secondly home equity market can come back in a big way when rates get cut. So I think long-term rates are going down um because we are seeing things like deflation from AI uh and just you know the the economy really you know growing again without inflation. Um but yeah let me read what I said. Yeah the other thing that also makes me think that rates are going down over the long term is that currently there's a lot of government debt which means they have the US admin and the US government has an incentive built in to keep rates low. um they do not the US government does not want high rates because they have to pay interest on that. So um you're basically aligning your incentives with the organizations that are the ones that are printing money and that kind of stuff. So um but yeah, if the home equity market came back in a big way when we get these rate cuts, um if they got back to their 2020 revenue, that would mean a 10x in revenue. And currently they're only trading something like three times sales. Whereas uh we'll look later at some of their peers are trading six times sales and 15 time sales. So even to trade at the kind of multiple that their peers are trading at, it'd basically have to 2x to trade at the same price of sales as Rocket Mortgage. And then if you 10x revenue, something like you need like the 20x the stock price to get to a peer-to-peer similar price to sales evaluation if they got back to their 2020 revenue when they were just like selling so much like home equity products to customers. Now part of that was the rate environment, but another part of what caused that massive boom in 2020 was obviously COVID. So there wasn't as much competition. Like people couldn't go into a bank. they the only way they could access home equity was through home like online home equity originators. So that could be a little bit of a difference. Um but you know the demand is mostly just comes from rates. So I I don't know how much of it was that like people couldn't go into a bank to get a heliloc versus everyone just wanted a heliloc because rates were so low. Heliloc stands for home equity line of credit if you're not uh familiar with the term. Um yeah, and yeah, the management's also saying that they could get back to the like insane revenue with just three rate cuts, which I think again over the next year is super super likely because you know inflation is in check right now. Um and we are seeing pretty deflationary kind of trends in the the economy. Um the last part of the bull case, the deflationary effects of AI should mean lower inflation, which makes uh low rates more likely. Um and then also potential job cuts from AI uh means pressure on unemployment which would also incentivize the Fed to make rates lower. So yeah, a lot of the bull case definitely is kind of based around the idea of rates going lower, but I think the likelihood of that is incredibly high. Um and better is so well positioned to take advantage of lower rates. Uh I think it just could be something insane. Maybe not as insane as 2020 for better, but like you know, kind of insane like 2020. So, yeah. Company type, this is a fast grower. It's currently growing 50% year-over-year and accelerating. Um, free cash flow, it's negative, but improving faster than revenue over the last two years. Uh, most of these things, like I'm I'm looking at like the last two years improvement because that's really when the turnaround started. Um, and then operational leverage. This unfortunately is a little bit hard to tell if they are getting operational leverage uh at the moment uh because the you know revenue and income and everything has been all over the place because of the crazy ride they've had um with you know the revenue going up and down and all over the place. Um so I am keeping a close eye on this but it is likely that they can especially um because they did show profitability when they were doing the home equity products back in 2022. I think they showed a ton of profit. Uh I can't remember exactly off my head but they have been able to offer uh operate profitably in the past and now with them selling Tinman software as a service you know these kind of SAS uh business models are are really really success successful at building operational leverage because it costs you one time upfront to build the product and then there's pretty much zero marginal cost for each time that you sell the product in the future. Um and from my uh understanding is the product actually isn't subscriptionbased. you pay per loan you originate as well, which is really good at getting people to adopt the product. Um, shareholder equity, this is another thing I'm keeping my eye on since they are free cash flow negative at the moment. You know, share shareholder equity has been declining, but I believe once they get to profitability in Q3, we could see positive free cash flow and the shareholder equity beginning to increase again. Now, they have executed very well obviously in the case of COVID and has been executing very well the past two years. Um, obviously during 2021, 2022, 2023, that was a really rough time for them where revenue dropped very significantly. But I actually think that is another really good example of execution because during that time their core business disappeared by 99% um and they were able to successfully pivot to mortgage origination um after that as well as you know building the Tinman product and that kind of stuff. So I think they have a really good uh track record of executing well to pivoting to adapting to market conditions. Um in terms of recent like gap earnings um and normalized earnings they have missed gap earnings the last three quarters. Um and they usually beat nor normalized earnings compared to like analyst expectations. But again I I think this company has a really good track record of execution. I really like Val Gar. So I I do believe in their ability to execute when so when you're thinking of things like execution risk in terms of getting to profitability. I'm very confident in their ability to execute. Um in terms of uh management guidance they're guiding to get to 1 billion in loan origination per month by May. Now that doesn't all turn into revenue like they have a you know a take rate of that. maybe they get somewhere I not I don't remember off the top of my head what their take rate is one to three%ish somewhere in there um of that loan origination turns into revenue um but this would be a massive increase in the amount of loan origination volume in Q4 all of Q4 they did about 1.5 billion in loan origination so you're talking about doubling the amount of loan origination volume within like 3 months of the end of Q4 so really really fast acceleration. Um, and how will they achieve, you know, this revenue growth? They're going to do more direct to consumer due to Betsy and as rates get cut and they're going to do more Bto businessto business sales through Tin Man's uh, you know, uh, working with more underwriters and stuff by getting them to use Tin Man. So, currently it is trading at $620 million market cap. Um, it does have a slightly positive net asset value, but as you see here, it's just really slim. um currently as shareholder equity is continuing to go down as they burn through cash in order to uh reach the profitability in Q3. So um revenue trailing 12-month revenue is 27 million for full year 27 million. This is again where I'm talking about. They're literally trading only three times sales. And uh if we go over here to competitive analysis, uh companies like Rocket is trading six time sales. And companies like figure uh which is figure uh lending is trading 15 time sales. So to trade in in line with their peer rocket, they'd have to double in value. and to pay uh to trade in line with appears like figure I don't know what would that be be 3 6 9 12 15 like a 5x to trade in line with figures uh valuation multiple so it is very very undervalued compared to its peers we'll look at some of those later in the charts but in terms of uh the total addressable market mortgages are 70% of all consumer debt consumer debt in the US is massive so mortgages is a massive industry u it represents about 2.2 trillion uh in origination per year. $2.2 trillion in in mortgage loans are originated per year. Um and from what I could see, it's growing about 8% year-over-year. But again, this is cyclical based on um obviously rate and macro environment stuff. So it it grows and shrinks and but I over time definitely a growing industry. Um, comparable companies, like I've talked about a little bit already, uh, figure lending, rocket mortgage, uh, banks in general, loan officers, that kind, those kind of things are comparable uh, companies or competitions. Now, let's talk about betters moat. Uh, they have a low cost of production. That is definitely part of their moat. They can originate loans for so much cheaper than banks can. Um, mortgage advisors can uh, do twice as many loans when they use 10 man. Um that was from uh one of their recent presentations, better.com's recent presentations. Um they're getting a data mode for each loan they underwrite. They get more data on how to underwrite successful loans. Um and uh also they will get Yeah. So that means better AI underwriting and then Tinman will have switching costs for loan officers and banks for sure. As you integrate the system into your underwriting process, it'll be very difficult to rip that out and replace it. So there will be switching costs as well for all these you know uh you know people who are using tin man to underwrite loans. So um a little bit of product comparison now. So bis uh uh you know business to consumer. So the direct to consumer uh model uh they have a ra match uh guarantee. Um and then Betsy makes it really easy to ask questions and buy a product. Now, I do want to point out though that I went to uh this this is a little bit of a interesting point. I'm not exactly sure how I feel about it yet. I went to Trustpilot. Um Figure Lending on Trust Pilot has 4.8 stars, but better.com only has four stars and Figure also has two and a half times more reviews. Um but again, Figure uh doesn't actually have flown origination products. They're just like home equity products at the moment. Um but yeah, very very interesting to note. Um but yeah uh in terms of their direct to like B2B um software in terms of Tin Man um I was talking to an LLM and it just talked about a bunch of different kind of you know softwares that do this mortgage or loan origination process and at summary was that uh the big differentiation between Tinman and all these other platforms was Tinman is AI native so it's like the only AI native loan origination platform So I I think it definitely has an advantage in that area. So uh in terms of industry mature market caps, Figure has a $7 billion market cap and Rocket has a $40 billion market cap. And Figure only has I I think twice the amount of revenue that um Better has. So and Better is trading at like 600700 million market cap. So it needs like 10x again uh to get to the same market cap. Well, it needs if it doubled its revenue, um it would like need to 10x to get to the same. But yeah, so figure does have more revenue, but yeah. So again, if it was trading the same time sales, it'd be uh a 5x currently from its current market cap. So which would make it half the size of figure. Okay. So in industry average margins, um figure currently has 27% net margin. So that's our assumption for what kind of uh terminal mature net margin better can get to. though it was really interesting. Rocket Mortgage is not profitable currently, but it had a net margin as high as 60% at one point. So, uh there is some potential for maybe even a higher net margin uh than 27%, but that's what we're assuming in like the the in terms of mature net margin. So, I already talked about this mostly. Um let's go into the modeling a little bit. So, in the bare case and we're saying it's going to could grow at 30% over the next two years, which for a bare case like wow that's really high. But if you come over here and look at analyst consensus, they the analyst consensus is that they will grow at 63% this year and 53% uh next year. So this is very bearish compared to analyst expectations. Um you know slowing down to 15% year-over-year growth. And then in our base case, we are assuming just a little bit higher than analysts because we do think these rate hikes are going to be a significant tailwind of 70% 60% and then slowing down to 30% by 2030. Um so we'll go look at what that looks like in the charting. You can see here if they are able to execute our um kind of base case that would mean a 19x in the market cap and then even in the bare case here it'd be a 4.2x 2x even if they just screw at 30% slowing down to 15% over the next 5 years. So, uh really really asymmetricality of this bet considering even in the worst case scenario uh they will still compound greater than 30%. And I'm not going to go over the bull case because basically the bull case is if they got back to this amount of revenue um from their current amount of revenue that basically be a 10x in revenue to get back to their 2020 revenue which could happen potentially after a few rate cuts. Um, and then they need to double their price to sale ratio. So that'd be like a 20x because you get a 10x in the revenue and then you get a 2x in the price to sales multiple to be in line with its peers and that's a 20x in the market [clears throat] cap. Um, and that could happen within a year or two. So that's kind of the bullcase scenario which would just be absolutely uh insane. So uh the base case assumes they get to 20% net margin and have a 38 PE. Now, let's go to the final by checklist. I think this is a really cool way to kind of uh quantify quantitives and qualitives to get kind of a final number of like how good you kind of think the company is after you've done all your research. This company is innovative. Tinman is an innovative product. Um, and they've been innovative with Betsy and implementing AI into their system. Um, and yeah, they've been really really like this is a an innovative company and you can definitely tell when you listen to Visol. I very recommend go and listen to Visol. Um, it is a generational leader. I think Tin Man is the best product in the market from my research. It's got top fundamentals. It doesn't have a great balance sheet or margins yet, but the growth is phenomenal and they've proven they've been able to have really good margins in the past. Um, it is founder run and that founder is definitely uh customer obsessed. You can hear it when he's talking. He just wants to provide more value per dollar spent to these customers and he wants to share economies of scale. So, uh he wants to lower the cost of originating alone and to share some of that savings with the customer. So, super super customer obsessed. Uh it is more than 10% seuite insider owned. Um it's disrupting legacy companies and slow in a slow growth industry. It's disrupting you know traditional banks. Um that kind of thing. I do think a 30 plus percent return is very likely. It is currently undervalued. It has a compressed valuation. There has been insider buying. In fact, Valol bought more than his entire yearly salary worth of stocks recently. Uh and for me, this definitely survives the coma test. Of course, there is cyclicality with rates, but I believe in Misal. I have seen this company been able to survive rate cut cycles. Um, and I would be more than happy to hold this company uh for the next 10 years if I could never sell it. So, it actually gets a 100 score. There's only like uh one or two other companies in our spreadsheet currently with a 100 score. So, uh hopefully you have a better understanding of better.com and why we are so excited about it. Um but this should not be the end of the research. If you are interested in potentially investing this company, I highly encourage you. Uh we have a link in the description of a playlist with a bunch of interviews with Visual. Go listen to those. Go listen to the the latest earnings call. Go mess around on whatever, you know, app you use to look at, you know, uh, you know, revenue growth over the years and and, you know, expenses and that kind of stuff. Get understand the company. Uh, do your own modeling. I highly encourage you to do all of those things because it's really important for you to underwrite your own investment. Hopefully, this was a really good kind of uh, we want to be a research to discover potential opportunities and give you a little bit of a jumping off point in doing your own research. So, I hope you enjoyed. I hope you learned a little bit about investing in general. If you did uh learn or enjoy the video, please leave a uh like. Uh and if you want to see more videos like this in the future, make sure to subscribe. and have a wonderful, wonderful
