---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: U
title: "Unity CEO Q&A hosted by Larry Hryb (Major Nelson) | GDC 2025"
channel: "Unity"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: AIiT0H9Y6PI
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AIiT0H9Y6PI
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Unity CEO Q&A hosted by Larry Hryb (Major Nelson) | GDC 2025

**Channel**: Unity  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AIiT0H9Y6PI

## Transcript

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Baby. [Music] What do you do? [Music] [Music] I know you love me. [Music] [Music] [Music] Good day everybody. My name is Larry Herb, the director of community here at Unity. Thank you for joining us. We've got a great stream here for you today. Today we are talking to Matt Bombberg, the CEO of Unity. Matt, thanks for joining us. It's my pleasure. Thank you. I got to tell you, it's it's so great to be back here at GDC here in San Francisco. We're here at the Unity offices. Matt, what tell us about some of the Unity announcements this week. Some folks have seen them online, but just give us a little bit of high level before we get into it. Yeah, I mean coming off of the successful release of of Unity 6. Our big things for this GDC have been stability, performance, and platform expansion. Um, on the performance side, 6.1, which will be our first release, is really focused on higher frame rates, uh, smoother gameplay, better performance across devices. Uh on the stability side, we are um really doubling down on something we call production verification. So we're increasing the amount of code development we do um with partners to make sure that when we do releases and updates of Unity 6, they're production verified in real production environments uh which we think will lead to much more stability, right? Um and then finally, it's really about platform expansion. Uni has always been about ubiquity, about building games on any platform. Um we've doubled down with the release on that with the release of uh support around web GPU um much more in XR metaQuest uh and uh in instant games. So it's those are our things stability performance ubiquity. I mean it's it's really been an interesting point and when you look back uh people may not know this but you haven't even been here 12 months. You've been here nine months. And so tell us about what that nine months and you know how things are going. Um I I think they're going great. It's been uh it's been a privilege for me to be here and and really a privilege for me to connect with our community and our customers. Uh and which is really what I've spent much of the first nine months doing. Um you know, I I was a customer of Uni for many years. And so I I I really kind of fundamentally uniquely understand what's great about Uni, but I also think I bring a little bit of a customer's um sense of like, hey, I also think we can be better. And one of the things um I felt coming in was that we had lost this connection with our community. Um we weren't partnering with people as much as we should. Uh and so the first nine months has just been a lot about getting back to that place where we really understand what what the pain points are, what people want and need from us and doing the best we can to deliver that. You you said it real well and that's one of the reasons I'm here. I've only been here eight months. I started a little bit after you did. And you know, I I love the focus that you're bringing to the product teams and helping give them real crisp direction and and we're seeing the results already. I mean, the truth is that you can make things sometimes more complicated than they are. One great way to figure out what to do is just to ask people who use the product what it is they want and what they need. And if you if you stick really close to that energy in general as a company, you're in really good shape. We're going to get into some questions. We're doing questions live. You okay with doing some live? Sure. Okay, it's too late for me to say no. Too late to say no, right? So, we're here. We got a bunch of questions coming in. So, we're they're all coming into my laptop here. Some folks are bringing them over. So, we're going to get to your questions as best we can. So, let's get started. Enzy from discussions, which is discussions. Asks, "How would you invigorate our view in trusting unity for upcoming years?" Yeah, building trust in anything or in anyone is it's always sort of the same process, right? All you can do is be as transparent as possible. uh communicate as clearly as you can and let people know what you you're going to do and then you do those things and then you go back and you communicate clearly again about what you're going to do and you do them again at some point you earn that trust back right so I I I don't actually my position would be not to ask people to trust uh but just to try to judge on on what we do and how we do it and and we're not going to be perfect um but uh I I think I hope I believe that folks are already getting a sense that we're just we're trying to do the right thing more often. Uh and and and we just hope that people come along with us. Yeah. I mean, that's one of the the key tenants that I've always looked at as community is do what you say, say what you do. I mean, there's really really not not much more to it. Um and I know that we have this strange history where, you know, that hasn't always been the case. Um it's just not how we're going to do things. All right, we're going to get getting back to discussions. Marby, Marble, I'm sorry, Marble from discussions asks, "What is Unity's pitch today to keep developers using their technology and not a competitors?" There's a lot of different engines out there. There are and and you know, we're we're super respectful of of the competitors we have and we understand that people have choices. Um, you know, it's it's our belief that certainly over the last 20 years, we've proven ourselves to be um the best engine for most use cases and most devices. Um, and you get started for free. Um, and you know, we've built tools which are market leading. Um, no matter what you want to do, um, you want to build highfidelity games for PC or console, like 30% of the top titles on Steam are made with Unity. 70% of the, uh, top mobile games in the world are made with Unity. There's, we talked a little bit earlier about support we have in we're adding in WebGPU and XR and AR. where in AR, seven of the 10 top games in AR this year were also made with Uni. There's a reason for that. Um, and because the tool works and I guess I would just, you know, I think as long as we're we're we're we're clear about that and as long as we continue to connect and support the community, I I hope that'll continue. You know, you said something really interesting about, you know, the stability and so forth in early on, but also today we released a video about the road map of 61 and so you should go check that out as well. We'll put the link in the chat if you're looking for that, but that talks about a lot of where we're headed. Yeah, I mean the you know the this is the exciting thing about where we are in in in the games industry right now. So many fascinating interesting things going on and our road map going forward in 25 is going to be a lot about building AI into uh into Unity and using sort of um agentic uh uh uh tools to make Unity easier to use to routinize uh to to to be able to move faster through some like routinized functions and some of the pain points. Um, and that's an amazing opportunity because as a tool provider, what like a proud tool provider, the one thing we can do for the industry, I think more than anything, the role that we should play is to try to make it easier and faster to build games. And if we can bring AI to bear on that on that problem and and and make it easier for our users to use, that leaves more time for innovation. uh it means game makers can make more new things and that powers the industry forward. So, and I'm just we're very very excited about the role that AI can play in that um not replacing the creator but uh helping the creator create in the context of our platform. Right. Yeah. I mean that's that's that's what we all want to see with AI is take the stuff I don't like to do and help help me do it better or faster. Yeah. I mean it's you know it's a com Unity is I think by far the easiest game engine to use in the world but that doesn't mean it's easy right there's a lot you need to learn um you need to be able to script and you need to be able to understand how to use the shader tool and the things that there are complicated things in our tool um and you know you want to be in a position one day just kind of to be yelling at what about you know at our platform or what you want like give me this give me that and um you know that will happen over a period of time but bringing AI tools onto the platform is is the part um and we're excited about it. All right, going back to some questions from discussions. Stonstead from discussions asks now this is we've seen some threads around Unity. Now this is the business side of it the long-term stability and profitability of this company. So the question is uh Stonestad uh from discussions asks as revenue declines how can Unity sustain its feature delivery cadence to remain competitive? Yeah, I mean I think there's a lot of misunderstanding and for reasons I don't I don't quite get about the company and Uni is a is a really healthy very profitable business uh and especially our engine business is growing really solidly and has been growing really solidly. So, so the you know this narrative that there are issues there. It's just not a real thing. Like were there changes we need to make? Yeah. Like did did we do we need to make some choices that we could focus better? Um absolutely. Are we working really hard to improve parts of the business? Yes. But Uni is in in a great place. All right. We're sitting here talking to Matt Bramberg, the CEO of Unity. If you're just joining the stream, thank you for joining us. We're live here in San Francisco at the Game Developers Conference GDC. You've been to a ton of them. I've been to a ton of them. It's great to see old friends here, but we're taking your questions live in the chat. So, feel free to drop them in the chat wherever you are on Twitch, YouTube, and they're coming into me here. So, we've got a lot of questions about the anticipated updates to Unity 6. We talked about the road map earlier. You teased some Unity 6 updates. Can you share some more details about 62 and 63 coming up? Yeah, I think you know, we talked a little about a couple minutes ago about AI and bringing AI to the platform. The the other thing we're we're really working on are bringing partners, especially Gen AI partners uh and doing bespoke integrations of some of the top partners so that um so that developers can really integrate Gen AI tools into their workflows. Okay. You know, it's really easy to go out using these big consumer tools and and get a great image quickly or sometimes not so great. You've seen the thing with the fingers. Yeah, that's a fair point. the but for professionals for folks who are really building something that's just not going to cut it right and ultimately um those assets those 3D assets need to be tied to workflows in order to be integrated into real projects and and we think we have a role to play of uh around sort of choosing some of the best in breed folks bringing them into our platform and and and helping uh helping developers expand. We got this great question that came in from a couple folks, FAO and Relex, it's DAX on YouTube. It says, "Is you is Unity uh doubling down on AI even with concerns about copyright and intellectual thefts? Will AI features be optional?" Yeah, of course. If you uh uh don't want to use the AI tools, absolutely you don't need to. Um and and the point I was just making about choosing particular partners, a big part of that is addressing the concern of that question. Um, if you're building games and you expect to them to be meaningful and to commercialize, then you need to know that you can use the assets that you're using. Um, that's not true with every uh genai uh partner you would choose. So, the ones we're choosing, especially in in the initial batch to integrate, um, there will be no concerns about that. That's good to know. Now, from Twitch, JZ the Lost asks, uh, this great question. What are some of the other industries Unity is perusing and how how does diversification of interest impact the game side? A lot of people don't know this, but Unity exists outside of games in a lot of different industries, right? Yeah. I mean, the the truth is outside of gaming, use of our tool is booming. Um and I'd say that the interest primarily comes from automotive where um for example virtually all the major car manufacturers in the world are using Unity to design and develop the in dash experiences. Sure. Um and if you think about it for a second, it kind of makes sense. You know, the the little computer in your car is a lot like a phone or some other and the strength of Uni has always been being able to deliver great interactive entertainment anywhere in any to any device. Um, and so, uh, there's lots of amazing new cases. Just last week, I saw an announcement about the Mercedes talking about the new CLA has has been designed, the indash experience with Uni. Um, um, we announced a a relationship with Toyota prior. So, that's been really exciting. Um, retail is always been a big uh has always been a big area of growth for us. um creating virtual retail environments um in with AR in VR in particular so you can touch and feel and sort of peruse items when you're not physically in a store. That's always been really has been very popular. And then there's lots of uh manufacturing partnerships that again are using the core capabilities of of of Uni to be able to ingest 3D assets um and manipulate them into interactive experiences. Um our manufacturing partners are designing factories. They're uh putting AR experiences on phones to help um uh repair uh uh uh uh machines on the factory floor. So, it's it's it's f it's a fascinating world and it's something we're really focusing a lot on. And that I think that's really what the industry and when I say consumers have come to expect as well. when you sit in a car now you want to treat it like your PC which has a nice graphical user interface and easy it makes sense and it's understandable and Unity powers a lot of like you said powers a lot of that you know it's one of the interesting things about the games industry for me it's always been among the most fascinating is like um we are uh we are very much as an industry at the cutting edge of so many big trends in the world and you know if you think about even think about Nvidia you know started making game GPUs, right? So, it's like there if you can succeed in gaming, there are massive opportunities elsewhere because what we do is so difficult. Um, and uh and requires so much expertise. It's like if you can make it in gaming, it generally does have some kind of an application outside. And we've seen that time and you're you and I in the industry for so long have seen that time and time again with interfaces with, you know, 3D mapping, all sorts of things. It's it's just it's amazing. Hollywood adapts it or automotive and so because that's what consumers expect. All right. From YouTube, the bull wants to know with the maturity of things like WebGL and Web Assembly, do you think browserbased games will make a comeback? Does it offer something to games that PC and console don't? We're not talking about I mean, remember the days of Flash? Yeah, that's listen, we're huge believers in in web gaming. I I think it's going to be massive. There's a lot of energy uh in the market for sure. Um, there's really kind of interesting portals like Crazy Games and Pokey and others where like it I really think we're in this moment of transition in our industry where where these kind of new slash old distribution uh uh possibilities are really becoming real. You know, if you think about Tik Tok gaming or or web gaming, um instant gaming, things that are like are really going to come roaring back. I think we're going to see more and more formats of gaming and and of course it's very much true with AR and VR, right? Those are especially AR is I think is really taking off. Yeah. Um and you're just going to see gaming in all those uh in all those areas. Yeah. I mean it's interesting you say that because web gaming is something back in the day was like oh nobody wants to play a web game. But now between the browsers and the technology that Unity brings Yes. they're some of them are 3D interactive experiences. Well, you you're not giving up anything to your point like I think what what we provide as a platform is is ability to kind of build once and then distribute that game everywhere in its native form with the you know not a watered down version right to your point these are full games and you you probably saw the announcement that you know the that that Google is now allowing Android to run natively on PCs it's the same you know it's an interesting idea this idea that like you know game the main game, you know, on one platform is going to be available to you everywhere. It's something people have talked about for a long time. I think it's really becoming but not not just available everywhere, but also easily. In other words, you're not next next install, come back in an hour. It's like it's instant, right? In most cases, it's sort of what we've we've come to expect. It's what we demand as consumers. Uh you don't have time to spend a lot of energy trying to get access to something. You you want it when you want it. Um and we're excited to be a part of it. All right, we are sitting here with Matt Bramberg, CEO of Unity. We're live at GDC right now, taking your questions on YouTube and Twitch. All right, Matt, we're going to go in here. Kiss Graham off YouTube wants to know, why does Unity focus on services like ads and so on when most people just want a game engine? That's what he says. Um, why not focus more on your core thing being a game engine? Yeah, you know, I I we get that question a lot and I I guess the first thing I'd say is um not every not every user and not every customer is the same. So, um for for developers who have an interest in building games that ultimately reach big audiences, it is important to those developers and to those users to be able to acquire new users. Yeah. And if they're building a if they're building an experience which is going to include uh advertising as a part of of the uh strategy around monetization how selling that advertising is important. So I fully accept that some folks have no interest in it. I respect that. But but also I think it's important to point out that lots of lots of folks who are who use Uni are really interested in those tools. Yeah. The second thing I'd say is that I just think the idea that it's a choice is not right. Um you can, you know, you can do a couple of different things, right? Um and you know, we effectively really only do two things. It's not a million things, right? We build an engine. Um and we um and and and we think that um there is value to be provided for folks who are using our engine building games to have access to be able to acquire customers when when and if they get to that phase of development. Um, and I I I think those things really can work together if you, you know, if you if you do them properly, right? Um, and uh, so that's, you know, that's what we try to do. You know, it kind of dubtales into the next question from Biggerbino on YouTube. I see you. Uh, what's being done with all the things Unity has been acquiring but seemingly not using. Yeah. I mean, we we've definitely deemphasized some of the stuff. I mean, back to the original question, I you know, um we acquired over the years a lot a lot of a lot of uh a lot of different tools and and some of them were are great. They were actually all great tools, but they didn't all fit really neatly into our platform, right? And to me, those things were much more distracting than, for example, um the question about providing advertising related services. Like those things were hard to figure out for the engine, right? Um and so we we have recently made some decisions internally and really decide to kind of focus on our the core value proposition. And that's why you know as you as we were talking about at the beginning this idea of like focusing on performance and stability and operating across every possible platform in a really highfidelity way. Those are like the core things for us. Um and that's what we need to keep doing, right? We need to keep delivering improved tools. We need the tools to get better a little bit every day. A little better every day. And that's what we owe the customer and that's what we're really focused on. You know, I'm just keeping my eye in the chat here. We got a lot coming in here. You guys have a chance to talk directly to the CEO of of Unity here like I am. And I'm just I'm just proxing your questions. And the next question comes from Twitch MutantFish asks, "As CEO for Unity, what is the one thing that's that's not a standard tech company talking point that you really want to achieve for Unity in your time as its head? Gosh, yeah. I don't I I probably don't know as much about standard tech company talking much like others. So, I might be say I might be making some saying something by accident. Um, you know, for me, like the the reason I I go to work and and the reason that our teams, you know, come in is we we want to do the right thing by by the folks who use our engine and we want to make it better. We're proud developers of something that we think is really important in the world, something that enables folks to make something great. And for me, that's really it means a lot. Like I I spent 20 yearsish making games. Um it it's important to me that Unity thrives because the ecosystem works better when we're doing a better job. Yep. Um it means um it means people can make better games on more platforms. it means they can find users for their games. These are all things that are really important to the ecosystem and and I don't know if it's a a talking point or not, but all I can tell you is like that's just what that's what we're thinking about when we come to work. And again, we're not we don't always do it everything exactly right. Nobody does anywhere, but we we think we're going to get better at it and be right more often. You know, I've got a few questions in here about, you know, you talked about being a games industry for a while, but are you a gamer and what do you play? Yeah, I'm uh I I love this. Personally, the opportunity to do it professionally has been just, you know, really an incredible privilege for me. Um I'm a big sports gamer, so I'm an obsessive FIFA player. I did I did used to work Electronic Arts, but I, you know, um I'm a enormous FIFA and Madden player. Um, I also am a a big RPG player. Um, big Diablo guy. Um, I um I used to work at Boware, so I'm a a lover of story driven games. Better than those Mass Effects, right? And uh it's uh and of course, you know, a million mobile games. Um but uh but it's um I just I love it. It's not like a it's it you know for me I I don't think about it as an industry or think you know I just think about the stuff you know games and I I just it's a really important part of my life. Yeah. I mean it's it's great I mean you've been involved with so many games over the years and it's also been great to see how gaming has evolved you know we talked about WebGL and all the rest of the place. It's great to be along on that ride. You're sitting at the helm right now. Yeah. I mean it's you know what what's really interesting is you know the experiences I had making games and it's just it's a you know as everybody on this stream knows because they're doing it's just really hard. Yeah. Um it's a it's a really hard thing to do well and and um it's really it's always been really hard to make a great game. Um and so the opportunity to come to the other side and try to figure out like okay how can we help make that easier? Uh that part of it has just been really fun. We talked about, you know, the you've been here about nine months or so, but some of the questions from YouTube, Jason Prismatis, and fried cheese macaroni ball. Okay. Fried cheese macaroni. Yeah. Whatever that is. Uh what how would you describe this? Sounds delicious. Actually, it's lunchtime. How would you describe the next five years for Unity? And what do you think Unity's biggest strength will be in five years when you look back? When we look back? Yeah. You know what? I think that Unity's biggest strength has always been its extensibility, right? um you know, we're we're a we're a platform um and um in an assembly point where you can bring whatever the best tools, whatever the best assets, whatever you need uh to to kind of make your vision come to life, you can build directly into Unity and take that tool set. That strength I think really favors us over the next 5 years because the world is moving in the direction of of being able to take the best possible tools AI driven not AIdriven um and easily build them into your workflows easily kind of put the strengths of each of those tools at your fingertips. Um, and so what we're going to do over the next five years is do all the things that we're doing. Um, take advantage of that platform and help people come into what will be, I think, a really exciting next generation of how to build games. You know, I've seen some of the questions come in here as we look at the channel. We got a bunch more. We have about 15 to 20 more minutes. I know you've got we've got a bunch of meetings here at GDC. So, if you have some questions on Twitch or YouTube, drop them in from Matt Bramberg. Now is your chance to get in front of him. I'll take it and I'll see I'll I'll put it right in front of him. Um, Matt, you know, it's as we look back in the games industry, it's there's been so much evolution over the past few years. And as you look forward, we're looking at AI. We're this isn't we're getting ready for another AI question. Yeah. Um, Prescll on YouTube asks, "Will Unity push into behavioral AI and develop behavioral AI tools that could have massive effects on the immersion of games?" Yeah, it's really interesting. what we have worked really hard on uh a number of technologies that we think will help uh enhance emergent gameplay like that right um we have a a tool and technology we call centis in which we're sort of we we're pushing inference out onto the device I think ondevice inference is going to be the way things go is going to enable the kinds of like smart NPCs or emergent behavior that's going to be really exciting um which which you know where you get this immediate impact on device um I I believe that is going to be huge. Yeah. And it's interesting because AI has a bunch of different facets. you we talked early on about how uh Unity is using AI in the tool to help developers, but then it's also the in-game experience of having those AI that that you know it's not just the the you know when you have to follow we've all done the we've all done those different different tasks where you have to follow the person who's slowing down what it just it makes it just so to your point so immersive and we're at the point where the power is there we just need to unlock it. Yeah, it hasn't I don't it just hasn't happened yet. I think people can see the promise. Um but it will happen. And I mean this this the tools are moving so quickly. I'm really optimistic about it. Speaking about tools, we got a question in the chat here. Um and it's there's been a few like this, so I'm just going to summarize. I'm not going to apply it to one person. Why should a developer choose Unity over something like GDO or Unreal? Yeah. I mean, look, there there's really no barrier to entry, particularly if you're starting out, right? It doesn't cost anything to pick up the tool. And by the way, I would encourage people to just compare tools. Yeah. you know, I not every tool is is right for everything, right? So, the first thing people should just just make up their own mind. Um, and the reason I feel confident about giving that advice is I think that for most uh for most games and most interactive applications, Uni is going to be the best tool. As I said, it's the most open tool. It's the most flexible tool. Um, and um, and you know, it's a tool that we've just been working on for a really long time. and and making better and better. So, I I listen, I I encourage people to check out all the options out there and I I I think in the end we uh uh I hope and believe that will be the tool of choice. And one of the reasons you're here is community and that's what's really incredible if you look at this. Like you download the tool, you're like, I I want to make a game. I want to make I want to play around with it. Download the tool. Like Matt said, it's free. Yeah. But then go to learn.unity.com and you have a whole track of things you can learn from whatever you want to do. And not only that, but then we've got discussions, communities where if you're having a problem or question, there's there's a ton of people out there. It's a that's a great point. I mean, the the thing about Uni is that it's not just the strength of the tool that has been built over the last 20 years, but to your point, it's a, you know, a really welcoming, enormous community of developers who help solve one another's problems. Yeah. Um, and so when you're choosing Unity, you're also choosing the community. And that's like why we're just really grateful for the folks who are listening today and our broader community because without the community, the tool, it's just it's nothing like you need both. Yeah. Um and the the community of folks who know how to use Unity um and uh and connect to one another. It it's just irreplaceable. I just I don't see it anywhere else. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, if you're up at 2:00 in the morning working on that project on your as your side hustle and you need a question answered, pretty much probably going to find it on our Discord or on our discussions and there's going to be because, you know, the games industry is great because we don't it's not like if you're developing a game and I'm developing a game, I want to see you fail or you want to see me fail. We're in it together. Yeah. And I want to see you succeed because all boats rise, right? And that's be All right, getting back to the questions on YouTube and chat. We've only got about about 15 minutes here left. Um, one of the questions coming in, it seems that Unity is focusing more on its ad business than ever. Why is that? Yeah. Um, look, as I said before, um, finding audiences is an important part of of building games. and not for everybody, but one of the things that we we really feel is like that is unique about Uni is that we're the only um we're the only company in the world that can can sort of help developers across the entire life cycle of development from prototyping through being in production, operating live service, um and then going out and trying to find new players. Um there's nobody else that can link all those things together. And we think if we do um a really good job integrating those experiences that we can create value for our users. Um and um and and we think there's a real opportunity to do it in a different and a better way that's focused on on on the quality of the experience around safety and privacy and and so we it's just something it's just something we believe in. Uh YouTube Zenimator I'm trying to get through the questions as quickly as possible because I know there's a ton of them and we don't have you I'll try to talk. No, no, no. You're doing great. Okay, Zenimator, really? Okay, I'll ask the question. Here it comes. Will the next version of Unity be able to change the game industry? Yeah, I hope so. I Listen, I I this next few years is going to be incredibly exciting, right? Um, you know, Uni is being used in so many interesting ways. Um, and the the the sort of the the brilliance and innovation and genius of our community and our developer community. um is extraordinary and yeah I of course I believe we're going to change the world by the way we're already it's already happening like if you think about for example the use of how uni is being used to train large language models um you know we're already right in the center of the next generation of of you know of creation uh and it's it's going to be very it's going to be amazing I don't know about you but I'm a little jealous of the people coming up in the industry right now because when you and I started, you know, you had to join a big company. There were custom bespoke tools. You couldn't sit at home and download a free engine and start building something. There's so many opportunities now for you as a developer and a creator to really see your vision more so than ever before. I I do think that the next five or 10 years are going to be, you know, I'm very excited about the future of our industry. I do think a big part of it is that um the more powerful the tools get uh the more flexibility and freedom developers have um smaller teams, you move more quickly, it requires less investment, you can innovate more, you can make more. Like you know those things are not just talking points like that's how it actually works. um and and and some of the tools that are coming online and and with some of the the uh the capabilities that we're bringing to the engine. Um I do think it's a great time to be a developer. Yeah, it really is. You I got another question here from uh from the stream. You made a public uh commitment to accelerating product innovation. Can you talk a little bit about that and give some specifics? Yeah, I mean just, you know, just to be super straightforward about it, like we're going to do three, you know, significant updates to the engine this year, right? Um, right. We've we've talked publicly about we just we announced 6.1, we're going to do 6.2 and 6.3 this year. I I I don't think there's been a year where we've, you know, where we've done three big supported featureladen um releases. Um, and each one of them is going to be really meaningful. There's going to be important stuff in it. Um, and that's, you know, that's all I mean when I say like we're going to ship faster. We're going to ship bigger, more impactful things. We're going to do it more often. Um, and that's what that's what it's all about. Yeah. Yeah. We had a question in here. It's not it's I get was for you, but I'm going to I'm going to I'll answer it for you. Okay. Uh, YouTube studio Vang Vian wants to know, does Unity plan to support or run more events to bring the community together and showcase work such as hosted game? Yes, my team is doing this. Our team is doing this here at Unity all the time. Uh so you should feel free to head over to discussions. We've got a whole if you're in education, we have an amazing education team that works on that. Whatever you're doing, we're going to be doing game jams. We're starting to do more back around the country and around the world. So stay tuned on that. So all right, getting back to you, Max. I know we only have you for a few more minutes. Um do you think the flood of video games compared to a couple of years ago is a problem? Well, I don't know if it's a problem. It's definitely a real thing, right? I mean there, you know, there there there are more games out there than ever before. Yep. Discoverability is a real challenge, right? It's really hard for folks to find new games. Um it's really hard to know what you want to play and what you're going to like. Um and and that's just the reality of, you know, of our industry. Um and and I guess it is a problem in the sense that it just it makes it hard to find new stuff. And I think it makes it hard for new developers to break to break through. But I but I also believe that um generally speaking like real innovation um is rewarded in our world and there also is also an explosion of new distribution platforms and new places to connect with possible customers. Again, we've been talking a little bit about us making investments to try to help folks find new users. Like that part of of of the ecosystem is is getting stronger, too. And all these new platforms um are a big part of that. Like there some of the innovation that is going to take place again is not just around gameplay innovation, but it's going to be around business model innovation. It's going to be around distribution innovation uh and marketing innovation. Like we need all those things to come into play in order to uh to kind of help combat just the explosion of noise and new stuff. Well, it's not and to be clear, it's not just in the games industry. you know, there's Netflix with a zillion seasons and a new show for you to watch. So, there's there's everything's competing for your entertainment mind. It's the nature of the world. You know, think it's um again, as especially as the tools become more accessible, you're just going to have more stuff. But I I do believe in general that the uh you know, the good stuff will rise to the top. Got a question here from Terrell Turner on YouTube. Thank you for tuning in and asking your question. Uh thank you for this Q&A, Matt. Um what does the future of Unity look like? you kind of talked a little bit about that. So, let's do a little summary of it. Yeah. Listen, I we what we do is like we we come to work every day to think about how can we put things in the tool that makes it easier for folks to create amazing games and interactive experiences. That's what we think of. I don't think that that fundamental vision is going to change radically in the future. the tools will change um and the you know the nature of of of gaming will evolve but you know it's our goal to to try to be at the center of the creation process um uh and um and to and to provide what folks need uh to to makes them want to keep us at the center of that process. Um and I just I think that's a vision and a and a commitment that's not going to change. Got another couple more questions before I let you go. Developers depend on unity and build whole businesses on the engine. Yeah. So obviously the stability of the company is very important. Talk about financial stability. You mentioned company profitability earlier, but how are you thinking about ensuring the company's financial health in the long term? Yeah, I mean the the the what you know as we talked about before the company is is is really super solid. So I just again I know there's this narrative about that. I pe folks don't need to worry about that, right? um we're taking care of that over time when I mean when you're running a company mostly for me that's about making choices. Um I think sometimes in the past what we we it's like the thing about uni that's so cool is that it sits at the intersection of all these really exciting big forces you know um uh online advertising and 3D and AI and you game development and and so much different stuff that like it can be hard to remain focused because it makes you want to chase and lots of stuff. You know, I think that when companies get into that kind of a mode, it it it creates risk for them because um it's distracting and it causes you to make investment in lots of different things. And those are the kinds of things that get companies in trouble. When companies are are great, they really understand and are connected to their community. They understand their role in the world and they're laser focused on just doing a couple of things really well. Um, and so that's what we're going to do. We're just going to focus every day on making the tool better um in enhancing uh ability uh our ability to help developers find new players. And that's all we're going to do. Um, and it and it's kind of my job to ensure that we don't get distracted and we just keep, you know, doing right by our community and our customers. And like if you stay close to that and you listen, you're generally in good shape. It's kind of like, you know, you talked about playing RPGs. I play RPGs. I'm sure folks watching. You don't want to do the peanut butter approach. You don't want to have a little bit. You want you want to go deep on I stay on the main quest. That's what I do. I go from the front to the back. That's just how it goes for me. But, you know, not everyone plays that way. All right. Netti Netti Xenon uh asks, "As you This is probably the last question because I know you got to go. We're running almost running out of time. As Unity continues to evolve as a leading platform for real-time 3D development, how do you envision balancing the needs of indie developers and small studios with the demands of larger enterprise clients, especially when it comes to pricing, accessibility, and future development? Yeah, I mean, we're going to we're going to just try to continue doing the kinds of things we're doing where we we we make the tool available for for free or little cost to as many people as we can. Yep. Um and and the the sort of health of the ecosystem requires that that that the that the that the that the big developers who have big businesses are going to pay a little bit more and then that's going to enable us to invest to in the tool and the tool is going to get better for everybody. And it's really important that that that that we get more and more folks using Unity all the time. And so that's just that's what we're going to continue to do. We we want the tool to be accessible. We want folks to plug into the community and to us um because it's just that's it's incredibly important for the future. All right, we are wrapping up here now. Before we go, do you want to do you have anything you want to say? I mean, you've been talking to them for 45 minutes, but you have anything you want to say directly to developers watching um that are just starting out and building amazing things with Unity. Listen, I I just I want to thank people for for using Unity um and for making the community better and for investing their time and energy. It's meaningful to us. Um, it's important to us and I I just I I hope you keep doing it. Matt, I'd love to have you on again. Maybe in a few more months. Anytime. All right. Well, great to have everybody. First of all, thanks everybody for joining us today. It's been an amazing 45 minutes. I know Matt, you need to get going. Want to thank you for everybody. Thank you for joining us on Discord, on Twitch, on YouTube, wherever you were watching this or or perhaps replaying it. Now, just a quick reminder, our GDC programming continues later today. We've got a a show at 9:00 Eastern, 6 o'clock Eastern. It's the uh Justin's going to host a live watch party for the IGF awards. I'll be there. So maybe some of your favorite games like uh like Dredge will win even more things. So Matt, thanks for joining us. It's my pleasure. Thank you everybody. We'll see you next time. Bye-bye everybody. [Music] [Music] [Music] I don't know. [Music]
