---
ticker: LOVABLE
type: youtube
title: "FULL LOVABLE STYLE MASTERCLASS 2 Hours of Pro Explainer Video Secrets (After Effects)"
channel: "SSB Otaru"
date: 2026-04-16
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DC2ICNt9MPo
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 98962
---

# FULL LOVABLE STYLE MASTERCLASS 2 Hours of Pro Explainer Video Secrets (After Effects)

## 视频信息
- **频道**: SSB Otaru
- **日期**: 2026-04-16
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DC2ICNt9MPo

## 转录全文

You are missing out on an entire category of clients. If the motion graphics on your explainer video only look clean and serious like the Zillow style, you are turning away those clients [music] who want this. This is the lovable style. [music] It uses character appeal to sell everything and clients pay premium rates for this look. So, in the next few minutes, I'm going to show you one simple rigging tricks in After Effects that instantly gives your character that signature bounce and friendliness with your After Effects. Let's do this. You can use the timestamp in the video description to move around the video. You can either skip forward to go to area that most interest you. So, now let's start by creating the search bar that you saw in the beginning of that explainer video. So on the top toolbar, go to this rectangle tool, select it and draw a rectangle long one like this. Then make sure the color is black and then reduce the stroke width. Hold down the control key to move the anchor point to the center of the shape layer. Make sure it is still selected on the timeline. Then you go to the right side of your screen. Then open the align window and align this vertically and horizontally to the center. Now we need to rename this shape layer so that we keep things organized because there are going to be lots of lots of layers in this animation. So we're going to name this search. Beautiful. So now let's expand the rectangle one and also expand the rectangle part one. You will see the rounded roundness here. pull it all the way until the shape is like this on your preview window. Let's create a null object to control the search. We're going to right click, go to new, and then select a new null object. Also, align the anchor point to the center of the null object, and then also align it to the center of the preview window using the align panel right here. So we're going to name this search control. Then we're going to make this search it child. Now we have this. It is difficult to see anything right here. So we're going to create a background. Right click and add a new solid layer. Now we're going to name this BG for background. And then we're going to choose this lovable colors. Then move it below the layer hierarchy. So now we have this. You can always increase this search outline. We're going to need to move this control that is this search controller. Hit P on the keyboard to reveal the position. and move it to the right like this. Beautiful. So, but this is not the size we want it to be at this point. So, we're going to use the layer property to increase this search bar. So, we're going to go to rectangle one, then rectangle transform, that is transform rectangle one. Then, we're going to increase the scale here. We don't need this styling right now because we're going to change all of these later. Now, let's change these colors for visibility sake. Now, we have this. Let's start animating this. Now, for the search bar control, select it. We're going to make sure our time indicator is at zero. Then, you set a key frame at zero. Then you move to frame 25 and create another key frame by hitting this diamond icon to the left. Now we're going to move to 2 seconds 11 frames forward in time and then create another key frame by hitting the same diamond icon. Now we have three key frames. So this last key frame we are going to align the position key frame that is we're going to change the value so that this controller will come to the center. So, we're going to use the align bar instead of just manually changing the values here. So, I'll align it vertically to the center like this. So, meanwhile, I'm going to come back to this second key frame at 25 frames. Then, I'm going to move it slightly to the left. By the way, in After Effects, if you're moving things left to right or right to left, meaning you are adjusting the X values. Now, let's select the shape layer, which is the search bar. Hit P on the keyboard to reveal the position property. We're going to come back to zero. Then, we set a key frame for the position. Then, we're going to go to 1 second, 22 frames forward in time. Then we're going to also set a key frame at this point. Now let's come back to zero. If we come back to zero, we're going to slightly alter the X value so that the shape will move to the right a bit. Just slightly. We are going to animate the scale of the shape layer. So let's expand its properties. We're going to go to transform shape one. that is transform rectangle one. Open the content and you'll see the transform property. So on the transform rectangle we are going to add a key frame to the scale. But we're going to add a key frame to the scale at 1 second 22 frames forward in time which is the second key frame of the position. Then we add a scale key frame right here. Then we move to 207. That is 2 seconds, 2 seconds, and seven frames forward in time and set another key frame. Here we're going to create a key frame by hitting the diamond icon to the left here. Then we'll go to 3 seconds forward in time and then set another key frame as well. Now let's go up to the rectangle one. Expand it. You will see the roundness. Then move your time indicator to 2 seconds, 25 frames forward in time. Then you're going to set a key frame for the roundness. Then you move to 3 seconds, 10 frames forward in time. And then create a second key frame at this point. This roundness key frame, we're going to use this as a transition key frame. You'll find out later. Now that we have all our key frame for the shape layer, select it, hit U on the keyboard so that we have only the key frames visible. Now let's make changes to the values of the key frame for the scale property of the shape layer on the timeline. Now we're going to move to the second key frame on the timeline. One, two. Here we're going to scale this down. We can always come back to adjust this. Then we're going to go to the last key frame and scale this down quite a bit further. Do not worry if it is not looking exactly what you want yet. We can change this at any time. If you go like this, you see what we have now. So now let's make adjustments so that we can get that fluid movement you saw on the loable uh explainer videos. So to do that, we're going to need to change the linear nature of our key frames. But before that time, select the search controller. Come back to zero. We're going to move this on the Xaxis a bit to somewhat like this. So let's make adjustment to all of these key frame except for the roundness because we're going to need to change that later as well. So now let's select all the key frames here. For this, hold down shift to select the top one for the controller. Then we're going to right click on it. Go to key frame assistant. Then easy ease. Now let's set our preview limit so that we can preview this and see what we have. I want you to understand every change you make have an impact to the movement and fluidness of this animation. So you can see even though we have changed this from linear to this curve graphs, it's still not as smooth as the loable animation. So let's make some adjustments. Now let's select the position key frame for the controller first. Then switch to the graph editor. We're going to select this key frame right here and pull this graph until we have it like this. Then we select this one right here and move it like this to zero. That way this comes fast and then slow. Beautiful. So now let's go back for the shape layer. Select the position property as well. Go into the graph editor and make the same changes you made with the controller. Beautiful. So now let's preview and see. you will see a whole lot of difference, but it's still yet not as fluid as we want it. Now, let's make further changes. So, now let's go back to the position uh key frame for the controller. Select any of the key frames right here. Switch to the graph editor. Now, we're going to pull this handle for this key frame so that it will slowly move into that side like this. So now what we're going to do now is go back to this scale key frame. Once you select it, we're going to switch to the graph editor and then we have this. Go also slow to that size. This will go a long way to make a lot of changes. If you preview now, you will see a lot whole difference. Even though not as fluid as we want it yet, but this is getting close. So what we need to do now is just to offset this key frame because if you look at the controller and the shape layer they share similar position key frame at the same point. So that is going to reduce the fluidness. So what we need to do is to take this position key frame for the shape layer and move it further. So even though everything is still fluid the way we want it, I can still see some irregular movement. Even though we want the bouncy movement, it shouldn't be very obvious. So now what is the problem here is because this scale key frame is not aligning well with this last position key frame for the controller. So all we need to do now is to move our time indicator to this key frame and then move the key frame here. If you preview now, you're going to see that everything is a whole lot smoother. Beautiful. You see that there's no that jiggling in between anymore. Okay guys, now we have this. Let's create that point at that point where this search bar morphs into a square form. So there are many ways to do this but I'm going to show you the simplest method and yet it is very effective like the complex method. So now to do that instead of key framing the part here we're going to create a new rectangle on top of this. So, we're going to go to the top toolbar again and select the rectangle tool. Then, we're going to create that rectangle here. Now, make sure you move the anchor point to the center and also align it to the center. Then, we're going to first of all make it a child of this uh search bar controller because it need to be controlled by the same controller because it need to looks like it is the same object transforming. So we're going to make it a child. Then let's change the hierarchy directly on top of the search here. So the next thing we're going to do now is to hit you on the first shape layer, which is the search bar. Come to the last key frame for the scale. [clears throat] Then this is the point where we want this square to start showing. So we're going to trim that to that point. Beautiful. So, we're going to hit S for the scale for that shape layer and set a key frame for the scale. Then, we're going to have to move forward in time. Let's expand our preview limit. Let's move forward in time to this point and then set another key frame. We're going to set another key frame by hitting the diamond icon to the left of your timeline. Now that we have these both key frame, we're going to come back to the first key frame here. We need to scale this down until it fits into that search bar somewhat like this. We're going to have to scale it unproportionally like this. Let it be inside so that at this point it is not visible until this point is start becoming visible. Beautiful. We're going to select the key frame again. We're going to right click and then ease the key frames. Like I said, you can always hit F9 to do this. Then we're going to select this last or first key frame. Switch to the graph editor. Then we're going to edit the speed graph to look like this. So that it will go in slowly first. Then we're going to adjust this uh key frame here. Let's it let it be at 325 somewhere at this point. Just move it slightly to 325. So now that we have it like this then coming in like that. So this is where we work on the key frame for this uh search bar roundness. So now we're going to go to the first second key frame roundness. Reduce the roundness in such a way that it's almost beginning to turn to square. So let's just set the timing. Sometimes you may need to change this color so that you see the contrasting and know what you are doing. We're going to scale this quite up a bit so that it will tally with this part of the search bar. So hide it here and change its color. So if you preview now, this is what it looks like. Let's unhide it. Now, the next thing we need to do to finish this part off is to animate the scale of the shape controller right here. That is the search controller. So, we're going to hit U and then hold down shift to hit S. That way, we can see everything clearly. So, let's move our time indicator to about this point and set a key frame for the scale property. Then, we're going to move forward in time to about this point. Change the scale values to 135. So if you preview now this is what you have. If you like you can also edit the speed graph for the scale for the controller. But at this point this is what we have. Beautiful. You have seen how we animated the elements and make the shape layer move from one shape to the other. Now let's add that gradient bouncy friendly look. Now we're going to pre-ompose everything on our timeline. So Ctrl A to highlight everything. Then control shift C to pre-ompose it. Then we're going to call this search. Then make sure you move all attribute to the new composition. Then you hit okay. Now the first thing we're going to do is to add a fill effect. So we're going to go to effects and presets. On the effects and preset, let's search for fill color. Then we're going to drag and drop it into the layer. This is going to give us sorry I think the pre-omposing we shouldn't have pre we shouldn't have pre-omposed everything because uh the background is there. So we're going to go into this to fix that. Let's go. So select the background. Ctrl X. That is going to cut it out of that place. Then you go back to the main comp again. Then Ctrl + V to paste the BG. then you move it down. So this way if we're adding the fill effect now, it is not going to affect the entire preview. So let's select it now and add the fill effect. So now we have this. So let's change this color to black. This is the basic black for the search. Ctrl D on the keyboard to duplicate it. Then we're going to select the bottom one. We're going to change that to red. So we're going to hit S on our keyboard to scale it up a bit larger than what the other one is. Let's change the red color to orange instead. This is going to be close to the loable color. So now we're going to add uh the gashian blur effect. So, we're going to increase the blurriness. I think this is too much. So, I'm going to bring it down to 120. Beautiful. So, I I'll stick to this for now. So, what I'm going to do now is to duplicate this again. And then I will select the bottom one. I'm still going to scale it up. But before I scale that up, we need to change the color so that we can see exactly what we are doing. So now hit S on the keyboard. We're going to scale this up. Then duplicate it again. And we're going to select the bottom one again and scale that up. But this time around, we're going to reduce the blurriness to about 80. And then we're going to change the color to a brighter color so that we can see what the difference is like. Beautiful. You can already see that right at the top there. We're going to have to duplicate this again one more time. Then we select the bottom one. We're going to change this to blue. Somewhat like this. Then we scale up. Then this time around we're going to increase the blurriness to 160 or 150 there about depending on the looks you are going for. So if we come back here we will see what we have done so far. Beautiful. So I'm going to just adjust some of the color to look like the lovable color. I'm going to do that off record. So now with all the duplicates ready, if you preview now, this is what we have. We have the motion, but that dynamism and buns effect that is behind the colors is not there yet. So let's do that. So now with this, we are going to create a new controller to control the duplicate. So go to and create go to this and then create a new null object. So make sure you also align the controller to the center that is the anchor point to the center and align it to the center as well. So we're going to name this duplicate control. So let's move it below the first one which is the original one that has the black effect. If you check it is one that has the black fill effect. So now that we move it below it. So we're going to select all of these duplicate. Now all of these duplicate and then make them a child of the controller that is duplicate controller. So we're going to come to the timeline here. We're going to need to offset these last three duplicates. We need to offset them. So select the three and move them quite a bit. The select one and just offset them few frames away from each other. So that is going to give us the our first dynamism. You can see that that first dynamism has been solved. So the next thing we're going to do now is to select the controller that is a duplicate controller. Hit P on the keyboard. We're going to animate the position property. So if you move back to zero, you see that all of that duplicate is hidden behind. We don't want that. So let's come back to when it's exactly at the center, which is here. Then we're going to set a key frame for the position. Then we'll come back right this point. And then we're going to move this on the X axis just a bit. Select it. Then you easy ease. Also edit the speed graph for smoother motion. So I'm going to want it to end up slowly. Then I'm going to come here also from this point where it is about going back right there. So let me expand this actually to this point. Then here I will shift S to expose the scale property and set a scale key frame right here. Then I'll move right to this point. I'm going to scale this on the Yaxis alone to something like this. Also easy is we have all of this movement. You can see now the dynamism. Yes, just because we offset this and then add some position key frame, it has now become very dynamic, not following the first motion as it were. So we can still offset this quite a bit on the timeline. If you want to increase how soon or how far it gets in. So if you preview now, you can see the difference. Beautiful. Here I'm going to select this second duplicate because the color is different. So I will select the second duplicate. I'll pull in. I'm going to scale this on the Yaxis too. So that I'll have that blueish tint around it. You see that bluish tint around that. Beautiful. That is what I want to get. Then I will hit T to expose the opacity. So once I get here, I want that blue to disappear around this point. I want it to disappear around this point. So I will set a key frame for the opacity. Then come right here. All of these are secondary motions. If you don't add it, you're going to have the same motion, but adding it makes it more professional and more sleek and colorful like the lovable style. So you don't need to uh do the easing for this opacity key frame. Beautiful. You can see how beautiful that disappears. You have seen how beautiful the animation is looking already. Now let's add that character rigging that will make the search look like it is being typed and clicked to add the text that is the motion graphics inside the search bar. That is what we're going to do now. On the project manager window, we're going to select the search composition, the one we pre-omposed earlier. Now, we're going to control D on the keyboard to duplicate it. So, after you duplicate it, we're going to enter key. Hit the enter key to rename this. We're going to name it search text. So, double click to open it. We're going to hide these two. But before then, we're going to select this uh first layer and just make it a stroke so that we can use it as a guide to add our text. So, let's make the fill none. And then set the stroke color to any color because it's simply a guide. We don't need to show it later. If you like, you can even make it a guide layer. If you right click on it, you can just go here and make it a guide layer. So even if we leave the lines now that is not going to show on the final exposure that is on the final export. So we can just simply keep using this as a guide. So now let's hide this top one first. So now let's add a text. The text is going to be ask lovable to create. So your text can be different. It all depends on the company you are working for or what your explainer video should be. So, we're going to just simply style it using this text right here. So, ask Lable to create. Then, we're going to move it to this spot here. But one thing you can do before all of this here, now that we have moved it here, we can just simply parent it to the controller here. So that if if it moves, if the controller moves, the text moves. So now let's parent it. Let's make it a child of the controller. So now if we scrub through the timeline, you see that everything moves together. I think there's a mistake here. We don't need to make it a child of the search controller because if you look at this from here, it stopped going and following the search box. So meaning we have to make it a child of the main search box at the bottom, the one we made a guide layer. So we're going to select it again and make it a child of this search. So if you scrub now, you see that it is following up. Yes, beautiful. That is what we want. So now we're going to hide this box here. So now we have this. So all you're going to need to do now is just to change the color so that it will be very gray. that it shouldn't be very visible, you know. So, let's change the color to a darker gray somewhat here. So, I can move it this away so that I can see the color I'm giving it. Beautiful. So, it is not written on stone. Actually, the more you leave it, the more better the visibility. So, I'm going to just style it a bit. move it toward the right just to center it on the Y axis. You can use the align tool to center it as well. So if you open the align, you can center it with this one. You see here perfectly centered now. So now let's create the second text. So we're going to duplicate this. Ctrl D on the keyboard because it has to be the child. The duplicate is going to be a different text. So first we're going to select it and we change the style. If we go to the property here, first we're going to make it white. So, we're going to change the text. Select the text tool on the top toolbar. Then, we're going to highlight all the text by Ctrl A. So, this is going to say create a social shopping marketplace. Let's move back to see how this is doing. Beautiful. This is too large. So, we're going to need to style it further. Reduce the font size beautiful to something like that because at the toward the left here, there's going to be a search button. So, we're going to need to make this very okay. So, we can also reduce the other one. We can reduce it to go down a bit. So, let's pull in to see what we're doing. Beautiful. So after you do that, then we align it back again. So we're going to also change it to a thick font. Let's go back to the property window. Then we're going to make it bold font, I mean to say. So let's select the bold or book. So I'm going for the bold. So you can search or choose what style you want, but that has made it a bit too big. So let me go with the book. I think this is better because I still have my space for the for the search button from here. Ask ask Lovable to create should go out. So I'm going to hit T on the keyboard to set a key frame for the opacity. Then move forward in time and set the opacity to zero. Select the top text. We need to make it look like it is being typed on the screen. So if you go back to effects and presets. So let's search for typewriter. So this is the typewriter effect. Then we're going to add it to the text above it. So you can see if you scrub now it is being typed like what a keyboard will do. After you add this, hit U on the keyboard so that you see the key frame. This is the time to time it. So we're going to make it start from here where this disappears. Then we're going to select all these key frames, then move it, move them backward. Beautiful. Then I'm going to hold on alt. Once I hold on alt, it's going to allow me reduce the gap between these key frames. I think I'm going to I'm going to leave it at this point. So the next thing I'm going to do now is to add that typing cursor. So by default also we have it in effects and presets. So we can you can either create your own depending on the style you are going for, but I'm going to use this blinking cursor on the typewriter effect. So I'm going to double click it. That is going to create a new layer on the timeline. And so what I'm going to do is to give it its own control. So I'm going to create a null object. I'm going to pull in. So once I pull in, I'm going to make sure it is at the center of the blinking cursor like this. So I'm going to make the blinking cursor a child of this null object. If you like you can rename it. There is nothing much about this composition. So I'm not going to rename that null object. So I'm going to select the null object now and then center it properly. So now it is at the center. So I'm going to use this position here. So I'm going to come to this first key frame for the typewriter. Then I'm going to select this and hit P on the keyboard for the position property and then set a key frame at this point. I will move it on the Xaxis so that it will go down down from the beginning. I want it to start right from here. We may need to adjust the timing later. So, but we just need to have the animation first. After you get the animation, you can then do the timing. So, I'm going to set it from here. Then I'll go back to the last key frame for the typewriter effect. Then I'll pull in and make sure it comes to the end right here. Beautiful. If you like you can reduce the typewriter size. Whatever you like is good. So if you preview now it is going to give you this. Then you can adjust the timing here so that it will go along with the typing. Beautiful. So the problem here is that we need to make it a child the controller here a child of that uh first such shape. So we're going to go down here. Then we we pick the parenting to that shape. This one we made a guide layer. Yes. So now everything will move along as we go. So now because we made it a child, everything has changed. So let's adjust it again. So let's go to the last key frame. and then adjust it to the end. Beautiful. Everything is in line. Now the only thing you need to do is to trim out this uh blinking cursor from here and also trim it out toward the end here because immedately it finishes typing. We shouldn't see it again. Control shift D to split it at that point. and delete the XX. So, let me see if the timing is okay. Beautiful. I'll go back to the main composition, which is this one. So, I'm going to drag from the project manager window. I'm going to drag this search text to the top of this layer. So, now we have our text perfectly fitted to this. So, if you preview, you will see what we got. Beautiful. So now it is time to create the button, the search button. Let's go back to that composition again, that search text, and create the search button right here. Now to create the search button, we're going to create a new composition. CtrlN on [clears throat] your keyboard to start a new composition. We're going to call this search button. So, but we're going to make this 500 by 500 in resolution because we need it to be square pixel. So, the duration for the animation should be the same thing with what we have before. So, now all you need to do now is to go to the standard toolbar right here on the top. Then select the ellipse tool. Once you got the ellipse tool, double click it. That is going to create a perfect circle at the center here. Did I just double click the square? So, let me undo. So, let me select the ellipse tool properly. Now, you can double click. That is going to create a perfect uh cycle here. So, let's create a fill color and then set the stroke first to none. So you can simply hit S on the keyboard just to scale it down a bit. Something like this. So let's fit this to comp so that we can see everything clearly. So we can drop the opacity. Actually I'm going to drop the opacity a bit to about 70%. That way it is showing over the black a bit because this is too white. But you can also leave it if you prefer it to be that pronounced. So I'm going to leave it like this. So you know with lovable they made everything look colorful and uneasy. That is it is not simplified like what you have with every other website or SAS website. So because of that they created a unique search button. So to do that so we're going to pick the rectangle tool again. Once you pick the rectangle tool and make sure no layer is selected on the timeline, then we're going to draw a rectangle like this. Beautiful. So, we're going to curve the edges. To do that, let's open the rectangle one here. And then open the rectangle part. Then, we're going to increase the roundness just slightly. Something like this. So, we're going to use the layer styling to style this. So, first you right click, go to layer styles, and then add a gradient overlay. Beautiful. So, we're going to go to the timeline, expand the gradient overlay on the layer style menu on the timeline. Then, first we're going to turn it twist it to something like this. After we set the angle of the gradient, we can then edit the gradient colors, select it. The dark side is going to be orange, warm orange, like this. And the light side is going to be purple. Then we hit okay. Go to layer style. And then we select bevel and emboss. So the bevel and emboss made it a bit like a button. So if you like you can leave the default setting for the bl and boss like this. So or you go in and and reduce the bevelness. So but for now I'm going to leave it like that. I can always go back and make changes. That is the beauty of the structure of this animation. So we're going to select the rectangle tool again. Then we're going to create a second one to somewhere like this. Beautiful. So, we're also going to go in and make it round. Then we can hit P to drop the position to something like this. Yes. So that it will overlap a bit. So instead of styling this all over again. So, what we're going to do is to just uh select this one we have styled. Then we're going to go to the layer style with this one. Then Ctrl C on your keyboard to copy it. Then we select the top one. Ctrl + V to paste the layer style. And we have all we need here. So the only thing we need to do now is to change the color. So we're going to expand the layer styling for this shape layer we just pasted. Then we're going to go to the gradient color. and then edit gradient. So, we're going to set uh we're going to set this first one to yellow. So, select both layers and try to center it visually. It must not be perfect this time. So, hit P on the keyboard for both of them. Then, we're going to use the bottom one to to change the position. Beautiful. I think this is okay. So, all we need to do now is to go back to the search text here. Then we're going to drag. Let's come here. Let's come to where we can see the entire search bar. Then we're going to drag this search button from the project manager window and then drop it into the timeline. So, we're going to hit P on the keyboard and position it properly to that side. Also, hit S to scale it down. So you can select it on the preview window and manually move it around to somewhat like this. This is what we have on the loable. So on the loable. So now we just need to make it a child of that same shape layer that first guide layer. So let's highlight all and collapse everything. Then we select this one and then pick with it too. that first guide layer, the main search bar. So now everything moves together. Beautiful. At this point, because of visualization on the preview window, we can hide that first guide layer. Even though it's not going to show on the final render, but visually it is distortting my interest. Mhm. Beautiful. It is more cleaner without it. So this way we can go back to the main composition now and then preview everything together. Beautiful. So now let's add the mouse cursor. So now let's get the mouse cursor from the project manager window on the asset folder. Prior to the tutorial, I already brought in this uh mouse mouse pointer. So I created this in Adobe Illustrator. So you can also do it in After Effect, but I wanted to be able to use it or reuse it in every project. So I made it inside Adobe Illustrator. So the first thing I'm going to do right here is to add a shadow. So let me bring it to the top here where I can see the color. So I'm going to add a shadow. Now I'm going to change the distance. I'm just going to increase it quite a bit till I can see it somewhere here. Then I'm going to change the angle so that it come by the left here down left somewhere here. Then I'm going to increase the feather so that it will be soft. Beautiful. So I can equally drop the opacity and then increase the distance if I want to. So I will just um reduce the distance then drop the opacity from 50 downward a bit. Nice. So what I'm going to do now is to move the anchor point because the mouse pointer click doesn't happen from the center of the arm. It happens from the finger. So it needs to be controlled from there to scale through there. So what to have that effect what we need to do is to hit Y on the keyboard to activate the anchor point tool. Then we move it to that tip of that finger that is pointing. So hit V to drop the anchor point tool and then drag the mouse pointer and bring it directly overhead the search button right here. So now we need to scale it down. Hit S on the keyboard to bring this down a bit. You see as we scale it scales toward the hand, toward the finger, I mean to say instead of scaling at the middle of the palm. So I'm going to leave it like this. The visual representation depends on what you want, but I'm trying to have something very close to what Lovable will have. But in your own case, you can just play around with the size. So, but I'm going to leave this like this for the visibility sake. If it's smaller than this, I doubt if you're going to see it on the YouTube compression. So, now what I'm going to do is to look for a place where it has to click. Now, here. Beautiful. So, from here it has to click from here. So, now let me center the arms correctly here. Beautiful. So here I will set a key frame for the scale. Then I will move forward in time. I mean I'll move the key frame backward a bit. So now that I have the key frame backward a bit. Then I'll just scale it down at this point a bit to look like it is clicking. Beautiful. So I will move forward. So once you move forward here, you need to make it click further. That is make it smaller like it is clicking. Do not worry that it is not on the search bar anymore. We're going to fix that. So now let's come back here to the first key frame. Then hold down shift key and hit P on your keyboard so that we can see the position property for the same layer. So set a key frame for that. So, we are going to come back. Let's get back to this point. We'll pull in our preview window in. Then, we're going to drag this hand to put it outside the preview of the outside the preview actually. So, now you can come up with a different approach. This is just a guide for you to know exactly how to do these things. So now I'm going to move it to follow that particular push in. So somewhat like this. It's okay. Let's select all the key frames right here. Then right click on it and then easy is. So now if we move here, you will see that at a point this scales out. So we're going to add another key frame here at this point. So, we're just going to copy this last key frame. Ctrl C and Ctrl + V. Then, we're going to come here when that transformation happens here. Then, we move the mouse out of the preview because we're going to add a web page here. So, we're going to move it right at the bottom here, somewhere here. After previewing the only thing I want to add to this mouse movement before we proceed to the next section of this course is I want to make sure that start coming very slowly. So let's let okay let's end it slowly. Let's pull the graph editor to look like this. Now if you preview that part you will see it makes a whole lot of difference. Beautiful. So guys, you have seen how to do the floating bouncy gradient the lovable style and you saw how we integrated the character rigging into the flow. I'm going to show you how to do the UI animation like a pro. To add that web page, we're going to make all of that in a new composition. So now let's collapse all of this on our preview that is project manager window. So, we're going to click on this icon here to create a new composition. Here, we're going to leave the duration and frame rate to be the same thing, but we're going to change the resolution. So, here we're going to make it 1700 by 1080. So, and it is going to give you this. So, we're going to go to the rectangle tool here. Right here. this one, select it, then double click on it. That is going to add you a perfect rectangle that fill in the space. So, we're going to go into rectangle one and also change the roundness. So, I'm going to change the color to a bit darker version. First of all, here we're going to have a lot of elements on this composition. So, it is advisable you keep everything organized by naming them. So, let's name this main page BG. So, now let's change the color. I want it to be dark like we have with lovable. Somewhat like this is okay. So, before I start assembling the web page and then animating it, I have to clear one thing here. You see this part of the tutorial depends on your client or what you want to do. So the web page is not consistent with what lovable have because I don't have access to their webs that is their website dashboard. So I created something that looked similar. This is also applicable to when you talk to a client. Your client will provide these informations that you're going to use to build this web page animation. Most likely, most of the time, they're going to provide you that. But in case they don't give you that, ask for login. Then you go in there and create the screenshot yourself. Bring them into After Effects and do everything I'm going to show you right now. In some cases, you need to take it to Adobe Illustrator to create all different shapes of the website. You can use Photoshop. You can also use after effect itself, which I find more convenient. So with that talk out of the way. So let's expand all my assets. So you can see a folder here I named uh web page. Okay. On the asset folder you will see this folder web uh web screenshot. Meaning I took the screenshot. And by the way this screenshot I just took it from a random uh shopping website a Nigerian website that sells clothes that looks like social marketplace. So now let me start bringing in the address bar. So I'm going to select this and drop that onto the timeline directly. You can see that. But the first thing I'm going to do is to scale this up now so that you can see everything. So if you look at this, this is not the same thing with the color we have here. In your own case, it might be the same thing. But in this case, I want this search bar to have the dark background. So, I'm going to add the change color, change to color effect. So, let's go back to the uh effects and presets panel. I'll search for change to color. So, I'm going to select that, drag and drop it into the search bar. So, I'm going to select the from option on the property here and select this search bar color. Then I'm going to select the background here as what I want it to return to. After selecting the colors, you will see that nothing is happening. This is very important. This tool is very handy when you do SAS animation. This very particular change to color. It is very handy. It has helped me in the past. So pay attention. Now after you select the color, nothing has changed. What you're going to do is to change this hue to hue and lightness. And automatically some of these lines and details is are going to go away. You can see if you go through left and right, you see that some of the tiny tiny details are gone. So you're going to use the lightness value to bring that back. So we're going to reduce it from 50 downward. So the the further you go down, the better you can see some of these details. Have to go down seriously to somewhere here. Let's say uh like 0.5. Sorry, I've been modifying the saturation instead of the lightness. So, I'm going to return this to to the way it is. Now, I'm actually supposed to adjust the lightness downward. So, as you adjust the lightness, you will see those values bring coming up. You see that? You see the search bar having those value. You just need the bearest minimum values. So now we have the perfect uh details. So if I change this to full, you will see that that is very okay. You see everything is perfect right here. In some cases, you may need to remove the address bar in case if that is the URL there. In case if you go there to take the screenshot yourself. So but outside that what we're going to do now is to bring in first. Let's scale this down. So, we're going to take it to the top. Just want something like this. So, before that, what I'm going to do now, you see there is a red there and there is a white. I don't need all of that. So, I will click the rectangle tool and mask that out. Do not worry if your first attempt is not perfect. Just leave it. Then drop the masking tool and double click on the mask. So here now you can adjust. You can use these handles to adjust to what you want. So if we fit this back, you will see we have cropped out all of that. So we're going to hit enter key to set our modification. So but there one more thing I'm going to I want to move the anchor point to the center so that I can perfectly align this horizontally. So now let's hold down control key and double click on the anchor point tool at the top there. So I'm going to go to the align window and align this to center. So this is perfectly okay now. Yes, this is okay. So I'll just hit P to move it up. Hit P so that it will perfectly sit at the top on the Y axis somewhere here. So we now have our address bar. This is coming up together. So, we need to pick the rectangle tool again. And then we're going to create the white area of the page. So, we're going to come here right at this tip and come here to this point. So, it's actually uh you divide the size of the page into four and make the white area uh 3/3 of the entire division, you know. So, let's make it like this. Beautiful. It is not written on stone. So now I'm going to hit the selection tool and also move the anchor point to the center of the shape layer. So I'm going to name this to white area white bg. So now that we have that, we're going to change the color of course to white. Usually I don't like setting it to completely white because I'm going to change this after later when I start bringing other element because they really need to look alike. So I'm going to set it to a very high light gray. We're going to also go to the rectangle one inside the white area. Then we set the roundness. We're going to increase the roundness like this. Just slightly to something like this. Let's go back to the project manager window. Like I said, I've already imported everything I needed for this project. Now, let's bring in this particular area. Oh, but first, let me bring the major product. So, I'm going to drag and drop it right inside here. So, this is where I need to change this white area to look exactly like this type of white here. So, what I will do now is to select the white BG and then go to the color on the top. Then use the eyropper tool to just copy the white directly. This is because by the time I started slicing all of this into this area. I don't want it to look like it is very far different. No, looking unprofessional and dirty like that. So now it will look smooth whatever animation I do with that white background. So now let's just adjust this. So here I'll bring it here. When I'm here I'm going to hit S to scale it up. This is why hence you you'll be scaling up. That is why you need to recreate it in after effect or you use the illustrator so that these resolutions can be retained. So this is what I have. So the first thing I'm going to do now is to select it and then set the track mat to this white area. So I'm going to select it here on the trackmat window. I will equip it to the white background. That is going to automatically hide the white background. But that is not what I want. So I'm going to click the visibility again to bring it back. So this way whatever I get out of this page still stays within the confines and the shape of that white area background. So even if I move the page left to right, I still have it within that shape. You see it? So I still have it within that shape. Nothing changes. I'm going to start splitting all these item one after the other. That way I'll be able to animate them individually and give them a fluid movement. So first let's go to the top toolbar and then select the rectangle tool. So once you have the rectangle tool, I want to separate this header from the rest of the body because it doesn't have to move at all. So I will just select, click, and drag. You see, nothing happens because I did not select the layer I want to mask out. So I I'm going to undo that. Then I'll select the layer. Then my rectangle tool is still active. So I'm going to draw a shape around it. You see that is automatically masked out. So it doesn't have to be perfect. You can drop the rectangle tool by hitting V or you select the selection tool. Now you you double click on the mask so that you can shape it properly. So you come to the preview window and double click on it. This control these shapes these knobs are going to be active. Then you start shaping it the way you want it. I want this header to be static. So I can just pretty much leave it like this and hit the enter key. So once you hit the enter key, first I need to keep my timeline organized. So I'm going to use colors to keep it organized. Before I start duplicating this layer for other part of the web page, I'm going to go in here and set a color. Any color will do. I just wanted to make sure I have visual control or identification for each of these uh group of layer that is going to be moving. Now let's duplicate it. Now so mind you we already mask it with the white area of the page. So a duplicate will always mask it. That is the advantage of 2025. I think that started between uh 2023. So you can use one shape layer or one mask to mask multiple layers. If you're using earlier versions, you may need to create mask for each of these layers. So bear that in mind in case if it is not working for you properly. That is what is wrong. So what I'm going to do now is to hit M on the keyboard that is going to reveal the mask on the timeline. So all I simply going to do instead of picking the rectangle tool again and draw, I'll just double click on the mask and start moving this around. So I'm going to need this very particular group of items. So I'm going to mask that around. So, I'll also hit the enter key. I think I missed one part of the web page. So, I'm going to double click. Sorry. I'm going to Ctrl D again to duplicate this one. So, once I have it duplicated, then I'm going to double click on the mask again and then move it upward to reveal this part. So, I just needed that part after the header. It needs to be visible because it is going to move. So, I'll just arrange it. The hierarchy, I'll just move it back here. Then, you can rename this, by the way, if you want to. You can keep renaming it. But me, I'm okay with the color identification. So, I'm going to duplicate this one again. So once I have the duplicated, then I'm going to double click on the mask again. So I need this guy, this model. I need it to be part of the web page. Mind you, you have to follow your client's instruction what they want visible. Me I'm just doing this to show you what it is, what is possible using this lovable style, you know. So I will just hit enter key. So I'm going to repeat this to get all the element I want on the page. Now that I have all the elements I need, I'm going to select this and move it around. So first of all, this active selection. So I'm going to move it to the left side of the page. So I'm going to select this guy and move him down here. Then I'm going to select this item right here and move it to the right side of the page. So what I will do next is to bring those another element that is like a page slider to put it on this space. So I'm going to go to the item again. So I'm going to select this and drop it also on the timeline. So I make sure this is on the top. So once I have it here, this is it. So I'm going to give it a different color code for the layer. So I'll just select a different color that is contrasting with this other layer. So I'll be able to know that this is something different. So for this slider, I'm going to also use the rectangle tool to mask some part out. So I'll select the mask that is the rectangle tool and then just draw a simple mask like this. It doesn't matter if it is perfect. So I'm going to double click on the mask and adjust it. So now I will hit enter key to stop the cropping. I'm going to hold down control key on the keyboard. Double click on the anchor tool. That way I'll move the anchor point to the center. Why is it important? Because I want to uniformly scale this to fit it to the space. So hit S on the keyboard while the layer is still selected. Then drop the scale like this. And then you move it. Let's scale down a bit so that it fit properly. So beautiful. This is all the layers we need for this web page right now. So let's animate this. But before we start animating this web page, we need to add some text on this dark area on the it is called uh sidebar. No, the sidebar elements needs to be here. So I'm just going to pick the text tool and add text here. So I have added a text on the sidebar. Let's take a look at it. If you pull in, you will see that it's just simple text. Then I used rectangle to create these gray areas. Then also this box area where I added the text. I then proceed to use u the ellipse tool to draw these cycles and these little little dots you see here. Then this red rectangle uh play head player play button. I used the pen tool to just draw a simple rectangle shape. color it and then twist it to this level. Pretty simple and self-explanatory. Every other thing here is just a simple text tool which I believe you will know how to add. This is it. So these are just simple text and then rectangle tool to create this because if I want to create it in this video, this video is going to take a whole long of time and I don't want this video to get to 2 hours. So now that we have this, let's start animating. So, first we'll fit this back to screen. Now, I'm going to select all these layers that I want animated. So, I'll select including the text bar. So, I'm going to select it and then select every other layer. You see, I selected everything except of course this header that I want to be static and also this top search bar or the address bar. So what I'm going to do now is to come to let's say 1 seconds forward in time. Hit P on the keyboard to reveal the position property for everything. So I'm going to set a key frame for that. Then I'll also hold down shift key and then hit T on the keyboard to reveal the opacity key frame while still keeping the position key frame visible. So I'll set a key frame for opacity here. Then I'm going to come back to zero. So here I'm going to make sure I move everything slightly down. So I'm going to go to the bottom layer so that way if I move it the rest of the layer moves because if I move the top layer that is the top layer hierarchy the bottom layers will not move for some reasons. I don't know if that is a bug with after effect or it is intentionally or it is intentionally designed that way. So now let's move it. I can see that the header is moving. So, but that is not a problem. So, now that we have it moved, then we're going to set the opacity to zero for all of them. So, you can see everything has disappeared. Then, if you scroll through the timeline, everything comes up. Now, let's look for the header and make sure it is not moving. So, I'll just select the header here. That is the header. So all I just need to do is to delete the key frame by clicking on the stopwatch again. So this time around that header will not move again. So but the rest of the body would. So what I'm going to do now is to set the timing. So I'm going to move my time indicator to this place and move all the opacity key frames to this point. I would have done it while key framing but I just find this to be easy. So now I'm going to select all the key frames. Highlight all of them. So I'm going to easy ease the key frame. Go to key frame assistant then easy ease. You can also hit F9 for this purpose. So I'm going to edit the speed graph for all of them for all the layers. So let's set the preview limit. Hit N on the keyboard. That will set the preview limit from where the time indicator is. Now let's hit spacebar to preview. You'll see the movement. It all depends on what you want. If this is too fast for you, all you need to do is to select all the key frames. So once you have all the key frames selected, you hold down the alt key on the keyboard or option key on Mac. Then you just stretch it out a bit like this. This is 2 seconds. So I may have to leave it to this one. So if you preview, you'll just see the power of what you've done. So I will leave this at 2 seconds for the time being. You can adjust that later. So what I'm going to do now is to offset this on the timeline because they cannot all come at the same time. That is not going to look organic and professional. So first the first one I'm going to make sure come first is the top bar here. This one need to come first. Then followed by the the the slider. So the slider is the topmost one. No, the text is the topmost one while the banner is the this one. So it comes first. So every other thing need to be offset. So I will select all these ones and offset them backward a bit. Now everything is organic. So if you preview now you see they all come in different time. Beautiful. So, but I'm going to h split this uh text into pieces because when I added the text, I pre-omposed it so that it will become one element. That way, it is easier for me to control it using this animation style because if you look at it has many elements. So, if I want to leave each of them on its individual layer, it's going to be taking me a lot of time. And that is not the style I was even going for if you compare it with the lovable style. So what I'm going to do now is to carry the rectangle tool and start masking this text into pieces. I'll first of all mask this one out. So once I mask this one out, I'll drop the selection tool. Then I'll duplicate it on the timeline. Offset it a bit. Double click on the mask tool. So we're basically repeating the same step we did with the main web page. So but this is for the sidebar. I just want it to be organic. Then I will hit enter, Ctrl D to duplicate. Then I'll offset it as well. Then I'll duplicate. I'll double click on this and then move this to have this uh come in. So now I'll offset this one too. Then I'll just move the mask downward to reveal the last part of the text, which is this one. If you like, you can cut it into more pieces than what I have here. This is just an example for the tutorial. So, if you hit space bar again, you'll see that that sidebar doesn't come in once this time around. You see it? Very fluid. Beautiful. Now that the UI is ready, so we're going to start making that transition, that bouncy transition where after the UI pops up, then it pulls in and another typing start and then pulls back. So I need to offset it to start from where that should be. So I have set it on the timeline. Let's just crop to make sure we are there. It has to start from here. From here. So, let's move it to that space. So, the next thing we're going to need to do is to scale this down. So, we scale it down to about this point like this. So, let's hide it temporarily so that we'll be able to key frame it to transition into this. So, there is a lot of technical work here. You have to pay attention carefully because if you miss any step here, it is not going to look professional at all. It will just look jerky and all of that. So now let's move this forward a bit. Now we're going to use this scaling this scaling key frame right here. So if you look at it, this is where the scaling finished. So I'm going to hit S while the layer is still selected though it is hidden. Set a key frame. Then I will come back here. I will then unhide that web page. I will scale it down. I'll scale it down to this level. Then I will select these handles and pull it in like this on the Y axis. Somewhat like this. So if you get here, you see that? So this final scaling has to be the same thing with this box right there. Let's move to the last key frame. So I'll just scale this a bit so that it will tally or match that one. You can drop the opacity to see it if you want to. Somewhat like this is okay. So now let's easy ease the key frame. So we're going to also animate the opacity. You see that? So let's animate the opacity. Let's come back here. So shift T to bring up the opacity. Then put a key frame. Then let's come back to this first key frame right here on the scale. And then drop the opacity to zero. Beautiful. So now if you go, you have something like this. The opacity has to come very sooner. Let's tighten the key frame space. Beautiful. This is what we want. So now let's move this layer on the hierarchy. Let's move it below the mouse mouse pointer here. Let's move it below it. So that way the mouse still shows on top. So now let's time the key frames. I'm going to look for this layer where it is scaling up. Although that should be on the search. So I'll just simply double click on it and look for the timing. So I will hit U while the layer is selected. So that will reveal the key frame. So this should be the last key frame. I'll just be going back and forth to make sure that align properly. So I will hit U to reveal the key frames here. You see it? It doesn't align. There is still little space here because it need to align for the transition to be smooth. So now I'll go back again to the search and come to this first key frame here. Then I'll go back to the main composition again. You see that? Did you see that? You see the difference? So, it looks like we have to pull this key frame to this point. So, but we have to move the entire layer to this point. Then select these key frames and put it here. Yes. So, now we have to look for that last key frame spot. Then let's just use this to select that. Then we'll come back to the main composition and now set that. So this way everything is going to sync. So if you preview now you'll see that the movement is a lot better now. Beautiful. So there is still space here. We need to still scale that part to be up. Let's correct that. If you come here, so let's create a new just create a new key frame to replace the other one. Something like that. So what I'm going to do now, I'm going to come back here to this key frame. Then I will delete this one and move that new key frame to that point. That way I still have the same timing. So I'll just go into the graph editor to make sure everything is fine. So now there is a lot of thing we need to do. So let's go back inward into this web page. So if you look at this, the web page is not really morphing like we have the main listing. So if you see it is not morphing out. So we need to it just came out square like that. So we need to create an animation inside of this so that we can control that. So what I'm going to do is go back to the black background the bottom layer on this hierarchy for this web page. I'm going to go down then this shape layer which is the background. So what I'm going to do is to come about this point that is about 2 seconds forward in time. I'm going to expand the property. Then I'll go to the rectangle one. Then what I want to do is to key frame the roundness. So I'll set a key frame for the roundness here. Then I'll move that to the first zero second. Then I'm going to up the roundness. Up it quite a bit like this. Very significantly. Yes. So you see that it has rounded corners now. So, we're going to select the key frames and then easy ease them. This is this is going to help us have a fluid transition. So now the problem now is that you can see some overlapping from the sidebar and also the web page. So it is simple to fix. We're going to use trackmat to fix all of that. So what we're going to do now, we're going to select all of these web pages element. All of them. We're going to select all of them except of course the black BG which is the bottom layer. Now that I have it selected, I'm going to control shift C to pre-ompose it. So I'll just call it web content. So make sure you move all attribute to the new cons uh to the new composition and then hit okay. So this is going to provide us to be a single layer. That way we now set the track mat to the main BG. You see nothing is falling out again. So, we're going to select all of these sidebar elements that broke into pieces and then also set the trackmat of this to the main background. You can see it is also cut out. So, if you go back to the main composition now, you see that everything is working as planned. You can see some irregularities. So, it's just a simple matter is because of the trackmat the main BG was hidden. Hence, it was a track mat for the rest of the layer. So, we just double click on this. Then go back to the bottom layer here and then unhide it. It will still be masking that part out. So, if you go back to the main composition now, you see that has been fixed. You see that? So, beautiful. To make this transition very mature, there is one more thing we need to do. You know, it doesn't it shouldn't stay like this because the transition came and then scale into the pages that it zoomed in into the bottom area, left area of the uh web page. So to do that, we're going to right click on the timeline and create a new null object. So we're going to make sure we align this control to the center. Then we're going to bring it down to this point. This empty space where we want to pull into. Let's bring it there. So once you bring it there, it is very important you rename everything. So I'm going to call it bottom control. You can call it whatever. Just identify that it is the controller you need to use to pull in into the page. So I'm going to make this new web page its child. So I'll pick the parenting to that side. So what I'm going to do now from this point here here when the page is still moving where the page is still moving I will set a key frame for the scale for this controller. So I will hit S to reveal the scale property. set a key frame and also I will need to set a position key frame as well for that. So I just held down shift and then hit P to reveal the position property. So I'll just move to this point where the whole thing stops moving. Then I'm going to move this up. Don't worry about the background there that is showing because we're going to cut that out later. So just follow me. Then we'll move it here. Then we're going to scale in significantly to something like this. So to something like this. So you can adjust it to whatever you like. So I'm going to select these both key frames and then also easy is that way I'll be able to also edit the speed graph so that it will go smoothly and fluidly like the loable style. So with this kind of arrangement with multiple controller it makes everything look like it is floating know before one motion ends another one is kicking in. That is why multiple controller is used to create that fluidness, that master fluidness. Because with just a single controller, you cannot create that. But using multiple controller on top of each other allows you to start moving even when the first controller has not finished moving in. So now if you scrub through your timeline, you will see what I mean. Beautiful. So now let's create that second typing. So we need to create that little interface here, the one we have at the center right here. So let's quickly do that. Now let's start by creating a new composition to create that second interface. So Ctrl N on your keyboard to bring up this composition settings. That is the new composition setting. So we're going to name this the maybe the modifier modifier interface or just call it anything. I'll call my interface too. We're going to leave this to 1,700 by 1080. Or let me just simply change this to 1920. 19 1920. So instead of 1080 here, I think I'm going to use 700 here. So I just wanted it to have that uh long shape that is rectangular shape. So we can always come to the composition settings to modify this. So nothing is written on stone and also this will depend on what you are building for your client. Here we are copying the lovable style. So that is why I'm using this settings. Now that we have it, we're going to add a temporary solid layer. A temporary solid layer. This is going to act as a guide for us. So I'll be able to place it in the other interface that is in the main composition. then we see how it is going. So, we don't need to name this because we're going to delete it anyway. So, now that it is white, we're going to go back to to uh we're going to go back to our main composition, which is this one. So, what we're going to do now is to drag this new interface and drop it right on top of the space here. So, I'm going to hit S. I'm going to hit S. This is because I want to scale it down. Beautiful. You see I have scaled it down and it is looking just the size I wanted. It's looking like that. So I'm going to use the position. So when I hit P, I will use the position to appropriate it to the right place. I think this is okay for me. This is okay. So I'm going to go with this for this example. So it must not really be perfect like what the loable have it placed because yours might change when you are working with your client. So let's be flexible here. Right. So now that I have it right here. So the next thing I'm going to do before I move my timeline any further. I'm going to make sure this is now a child of that edge controller we created earlier. That way if it pulls back, it pulls back with it. And if it moves up, it moves with it. So now let's make it a child of that controller by equipping the parenting box to it. Now that we have made it a child of that controller. So if we move this time indicator backward, you see everything goes now with it. You see that everything goes with it. So the only difference is that because it started too early. So what we're going to do is to pull it to this point where it started scaling up. That is this point. So we're going to offset it right here to this place. So we've just set before we even created the interface, we need to set the timing or we just did the timing. You see that? So that comes in. Beautiful. So now let's double click it and go back to it. Or you just simply click on the composition on the timeline. So, we're going to now delete this because why? We don't need it. We only used it as a guide. So, now let's create that first box because in the example when the the animation was typing in the text, the box was expanding. So, we need to use a shape layer for that. We are not going to animate it just yet, but we need to make sure we have that box there. So, select the rectangle tool. So, we're going to draw a rectangle right here. Make sure you just make it a little bit small so that by the time we want to expand it, it expands to this place. So, we're going to make it somewhat like this. This should be okay. So, we still have space to expand. Now, make sure you make you move the anchor point to the center. You already know how to do that. So, now let's open it up. On the timeline, we're going to expand the rectangle one and then we expand the rectangle part one. There we are going to find the roundness. So, we just tweak the roundness a bit. Yes, somewhat like this. If you want it too obvious, then you do. But something like this is okay for this tutorial. Or let me just pull it further a bit. Okay, something like this should be okay. Not too much. So, do not forget that we we need a color if we like. We just need to set it to gray, but you can set it whatever color you like. So, we're going to also set a stroke color. I think that is going to be brighter a bit. So, I'm going to use a brighter gray so that you can see it despite or even if the YouTube compression is there. So, I'll hit okay. So, I'm going to also increase the point. Let me see if this is okay first. Okay, I'm just going to increase it from four to six. Just a little bit. I just wanted to have it there. So, let's make it six because currently this is four. The next thing we're going to need to do now is to create those icons on the bottom of this box. Let's take a look at the video from Lovable. You see that those icons on the bottom need to be created. The text is something we have already covered from the previous tutorial. That is in this same tutorial. In the previous section, we have covered how to do that text typing and all of that. So the main thing that we need to show here is the box animation that I have not shown you and then creating those icons. Like I said, you can do them in the in in in illustrator. But one of the advantage of doing it in after effect is because like here we need to expand the box while it is typing. So we have a little bit more flexibility doing that here. Because if you bring a vector file from illustrator, we still need to convert it to shape to be able to do the box. So why not just create everything inside after effect using the vector shape layers. So now let's create those icons. So, the first one I'm going to create, I'm going to go I'm I'm going to create uh a new uh composition just for the icons. So, I'm going to go to new. So, I'll just make it 500 by 500 just to be safe. 500 by 500 resolution. So, I'm going to hit okay. So, I you it is important you name you name the this thing you name the comp because this is going to be lots of icon on the timeline. So the first one I'm going to show you how to create. Then you can use the same principle or the same step to create the rest of the icon. This way we keep the tutorial as short as possible. So now we're going to name this filter. You know that filter button where you click and then filter your settings. So I'm going to hit okay. If you take a look at the filter, it has one line coming from the right then a cycle and then the other one is reversed. So let's create it now. First let's select the ellipse tool. Then we create the cycle. Make sure you hold control and shift. That way you you keep this cycle perfect. So I'm going to remove the fill color if I like. I think it is important I remove the fill color here because I only need the outline. So I'll just increase the stroke thickness. I can also change the color to be a little bit on the lighter gray side. So this is what you got. So the next thing I'm going to create now is the line. This is simple. After effect provide us with the tools to create different type of complex shapes and icon. So once you create the first dot, hold down shift so that you keep the line straight. Now you go into the property, then the content, then the shape one, then the stroke, then here the line cap. We're going to set it to rounded. So now I'm going to pick this. I think I want to make it shorter a bit. I need to make this shorter. So while making it shorter hold down your shift so that everything moves in line that is in straight line. So now let me increase the outline. Maybe something like this is okay. So I will select both layers of course. I'll select both layers. If you like you can rename because there are just going to be four layers here. But if you don't rename is still okay because there are only but four four layers. So, hit P. I just want to center it. I just want to center it a bit. It must not be perfect because of course you're going to use it somewhere else. So, now that we have this, you can also decide to increase the thickness of this uh roundness that is the the ellipse. Maybe we'll move it a little bit up on the figure here somewhat like this. So I'm going to select both layers now again. Then I'll just duplicate it. Then I will move it on the top hierarchy so that I have it as a group. So if you're not renaming, you can do well to just by changing the color so that you know these are set of different uh shape. So just feel free to set any color. So this way on the timeline or I have it distinctly different. So what I'm going to do is to hit P on my keyboard. Still, I'm going to hit P on the keyboard. Then I'm going to move it down on the Y axis. So somewhat like this. So the only thing I'm going to do now is to the select. Then I'm going to select the the cycle, the second duplicate, and also move it on the position X somewhere here. Then I will select this line and move it to the left. So that way we have the reverse of what we had in that side. So we can you can reduce the size of the cycle. The way I'm looking at it, we need to reduce that. But before that, let's select both of them and then move it on the Y-axis again a little bit downward. If you like, you can leave it like this. But let me just reduce the cycle. So I'll select the cycle now. Hit S on the keyboard. Then I'm going to drop this to let's say 80. You see it is not scaling uniformly because the anchor point is not on the center. So let's double click on the anchor point tool by holding down control so that we have it at the center. That way it scale in the same position. So now I can set the new figure because I've aligned the control to center. So let me just set it to 80 like I did earlier. Yes, 80 is okay. So I can also move it inward a bit. So I'll select this one to I'll move the anchor point. Basically repeating the same thing that I did before. So I think the icon is ready. So what I'm going to just do is just visually align it everything to the center. So I'll control A to select everything. Then hit P on the keyboard. to reveal the position property for all of them. So remember with this version of after effect with this version of after effect if you are using the top layer to move these things only one is going to move. So we have to go to the bottom and use the bottom layer. Remember it must not be perfect. This is okay. So I'm going to use the same step to create the rest of the icons. Now I have using the same step to create the rest of the icons and I placed it inside a folder just to keep everything organized on my project manager window. With explainer video, you're going to have a lot a lot of a lot of elements materials to work with on your project manager window. So keeping everything organized is to your advantage. So I created a folder called icons and then I placed everything right here. So now let's start bringing them to the timeline. So first of all I'm going to bring the button. So when I bring it right here, you see the AI button right there. Then I will hit S on the keyboard to scale it down just to give it its own position. Beautiful. So I'll just bring it to the right bottom here. That is where it were. I think the next one is the filter button that we created before. So now I'm still going to scale that down a bit. I think this is getting better. So I still need to reduce the size of the image icon. I think that is too big. So on the scale, let's make it 20. Okay. So, let me position it properly. Then I'll add the equivalent text that is corresponding text. So, I've added the text. You know, I already showed you how to add text to any composition. So, I needed not to record that to keep this tutorial as short as possible. So, I added text attached to the image, then edit to this one, and then mode to this icon. And then I use the pen tool to create this little drop-own arrow here next to mode. So the next thing I'm going to do is to arrange this better the way it is on the level uh on the lab [laughter] on the loable style. So now let's select all of this. I think I need to scale down this image. Still 16 is still pretty too big. So let me make it 14. I'll stay with 14 even if it's big. Yes. So I'll just move it next to the attach. Hold down shift to keep things organized. So I'll select it with the attach and then hold down shift to move it close to the plus icon. So I'll also select this edit icon. Space it a bit. Select the text with it. I'll also select this. Select the mode and then select the drop-own arrow and also move it slightly to the left. I think this is the arrangement I saw on the lovable style. So I'm going to leave it like this. Then this button I'm just going to put it slightly above here. So now we have it exactly the way we have it. So the next thing we're going to do to the top I'll select one then right click and then add that first text animation. So the first text here is ask lovable. We already have this text actually so you can always copy and bring it here. So now I have added the tapa effect. So now let's arrange things now and start animating the box. So if you scroll through the timeline you see that typing on. Yes. Beautiful. So let's unhide the first text which is ask lovable. So I'm going to hide unhide it here. So this is where it should start. Now what I'm going to do, let me see what I have completely. Yes. Beautiful. So now I'm going to select the top text to make sure it starts exactly at that point. So that means I'll offset it like this. Beautiful. So that is the point I want it to start. Then what I'm going to do here, I'll select the loable. Then maybe just 1 second it disappears. So I'll hit T on the keyboard to set an opacity key frame. Then I'll go to 1 second forward in time and just set the opacity to zero. So and I'm setting the stage for the typing that animation you saw. So it first shows as lovable which is the same thing with what we had on the search bar. You can take a look at that. So we have this then it disappear this start typing. So the only thing I'm going to do now is one thing. First of all I need to bring in this to this point. This one here this add uh the the typing on text. So I'll select it. Hit P on the keyboard. I want to position the first typing frame. So I want to position it just above the loable. You see somewhere here. Yes, you see that if the logo disappear, it start typing. Beautiful. This is what I want. So, I'll go right here to this point before I start typing the second line. I will add a key frame for the position. Take note, this is the basic or the foundation for expanding that box while it is typing. So when I add a key frame on the position then I'll just move to when the typing start showing somewhere here and then move it up. Beautiful. So once I move it up like this if you take a look this should be very fast. So let me preview if if it's not too fast. Okay it is too fast. So let me just expand the position property a little bit. That is the position key frame. Beautiful. You see once you preview now the level will disappears and it starts typing. Beautiful. You can increase the speed by closing the typing uh key frames. Close the gap in between. So these are the gaps in between. If you like you can just close it up. But if you close it up it is going to affect this your timing for this. So we are almost at the end of the tutorial. So now when I go here it expands. So this is where we need to expand the box right at the bottom. So let's scroll down to the bottom and select the box. So we need to expand its own property. Then expand the content. You will see rectangle one. Expand it. Then you will see rectangle part one. Currently we cannot modify it. Scaling without deforming the roundness of this. It is going to deform completely. Let me show you what I mean. Once this is selected and you want to increase the scale, you see it is going to scale both side up and down. That is if you're scaling it up on the y-axis, you see it is scaling up up and down and it is deforming the roundness of the box. So what do you do in this case? So to have only the upper part goes up, we're going to need to convert this to a basier. So now we'll select it, right click and then convert to basier part. That's this one. Convert to bzier part. Select it. Now we can now modify this individually from the bottom side. So what we need to do is to expand the path. Once you expand the part, you select it. You see those controls. You see they are visible now. So we need to have a key frame here. So once you have this key frame do not worry just hit you. Let's add hide every other property. Then we have only the key frame. So we're going to come to this place where the uh font is moving up. That is the typing is moving up. So the first key frame for the position here. So we're going to go down to on this box. Hit U to reveal that key frame we created. So this is the key frame right here. So we're going to move it to that point. Now that we have it at that point, so we're going to go up again and look for the second key frame. So we're just going to hit this arrow to go to the second position key frame. Then we go to the bottom here. Then we're going to select we're going to select these four knobs here. So we can drag outside and highlight it. Highlight it all. So once you have it highlighted, then we're going to move it up completely to match what we have. Something like this. Now if you look at the timeline, a new key frame has been added. So if you preview now backward, you will see it happening in real time. Beautiful. You see it expanding. That is all we need. So now let's go back to our main composition. If you preview, you will see that we have a lot going on like what we had in the example. You see what we just created typing in and the box expanding. So now let's add that uh mouse pointer that clicked on this AI button for some changes to happen on the page preview. So now but before that time let's uh okay let's proceed then let's select the mouse pointer here because we already have it on the timeline. Let's just duplicate it and move it up now to the top hierarchy here. So let's move it up to the top hierarchy. So now that we have it there, we're going to hit U to reveal all its key frame. I think it is high time we remove the key frames. All of them, both the scale and the position. Let's remove all the key frame. Then we select it and align it to center so that we can see uh we can see it or we can just pull in to see its position currently right here or we can simply leave it and then move it to the point we can see it here. So it's either you remove it or you just do it the the other way you know. So I'll just bring it here. Beautiful. So I will just bring it to that point where the AI button is. So I think the hand is a little bit too big. So I'm going to reduce the scale here is 35. So maybe we should have 28. Okay. Yes, this is perfect. So I'm going to use this 28. So you see it happens here. Immediately it finished typing. That is when it clicks. It comes there and it clicks. This is where the typing finished. So on the position I'm going to set a key frame. And also on the scale I'm going to set a key frame. That way I already have a mark. So now I'm going to move back. I'm going to move back to this point somewhere here and then move this out of frame on the position. So I'll move it out of frame from the bottom so we can see it coming in then clicking. So we need to create the clicking. So let's reduce this scale to about 20. Beautiful. So we're going to move forward and then copy the first key frame and paste it right there. That is the first key frame for the scale. So if we preview now you see it comes in click. Beautiful. So when it finish clicking the hand should also go down. So I'm going to copy this last key frame. Ctrl Ctrl + V on the position. Then I'll copy this first key frame now and move the hand down because a lot of thing has to happen here and the hand the hand has to go away. So after the clicking now this is where we need to make the page pull back again and then we have that 3D page uh interface balancing. So let's do that quickly. But before we're going to do that to be able to do that smoothly we need to add another control meaning we have to add another object that will control that. So not only that we're going to change some of these layers to 3D. So now let's move back to this point to this point where we can see the entire page. Beautiful. So now I'm going to add a new controller. So I'll right click then go to new and add a new null object. So I'm going to call this 3D control. Then I will make sure I align the anchor point to the center of the null object. Then I'll also align the null object to the center of the composition or the web page. So I will use the align panel here to do that. So now I'm going to select that last edge control and just simply make it a child of this 3D null control. So now here is where the magic happens. Now I'm going to select this you know I'm going to select this control select this control select this interface and select the web page and make it a 3D layer. So now we have these pages happening in 3D. So what I'm going to do is to select this very particular one this first control hit U. So that will reveal its key frame. So if you look at it, it comes here, then the mouse click. So the point I click, that is when the page start going back. So I'm going to create a new position and scale key frame at this point. So now I'm going to come from here and copy this first key frame for that control. Ctrl C and then paste it. You see the page going back to its previous position. But in the example when it goes back it happens to become 3D and the instruction to create a new sidebar was done. So now let's do the 3D first. First let's look at the the the curve the speed graph for this. Once you select this uh the the key frame you see the speed graph is not okay. So I can simply pull it in a bit here. So I'm going to do for that boat. So now if you preview you see that it is going back in real time. So I can also expand this so that it will go slowly but smoothly. Beautiful. Now this is where the magic happens. Remember we already made everything 3D. So let's hit rotation on the 3D controller. Hit R to expose the rotation. Now it is time to set a key frame. But we have to align it with the first key frame here where it start changing. So we need to create a key frame for X, Y, and Z. In your situation, it could be different the style you want to go for. So you might just need to key frame either X or Y or X and Y or Z and Y depending on combination you want to use. But now I'll have to go to the last key frame for this one here. This is where everything turns into 3D. So I'll have to start modifying it to look exactly how I want it. So let's modify the X first. Then let's modify the Y. This is how it turned into. Then I'll modify the Z. This is simply what we had in the example. This is this is it. But if you take a look at this, you can still see that previous layer showing. So all we need to do is go to the search. We move here this point here. Everything below it has to be hidden. So we go to the search all of this search. So I think it is this one. This very particular one here just below the search typing. Yes, it is hidden. So we're going to come back to this point where everything is scaled up. Then we can cut it from here. So let's control shift D to do that. So we just delete the excess. Now if this goes back, we don't have that. You see it? So now let's go back to our controller up. Select all the key frames right here. Hit F9 on your keyboard to ease ease. So now we have this going back and then into this 3D position. So now let's look at how to change this. So if you look at it from this point, the interface needs to change. So we come back here to the first key frame right here. Then we look for that web page. We need to go in there and create that other interface that is added, you know. So let's look for the web page, which is this one. So double click on it. You'll see that your time indicator should be at that point, this point here. So we need to remove this this element and this element so that we can create that profile and then the stacks. So I'm just going to use some icons to represent that. I'm not going to create it fully in your own case. You can just use what your client want to replace that if this is the style they are going for. So now let's look for that. So, I'm going to crop this out. So, from here, I'm going to crop it out. I'll control D to create an excess. Then I'll just simply take out the excess. So from here on it will not show. So I'll select this one too. And from here on this will not show as well. So I'll delete the excess. There are other ways of taking out this but I'll just prefer Ctrl D. Then you delete the excess. There are other shortcuts to do that. So now we have this. So, we're going to create a simple uh icon to signify that this is the profile. So, I'm going to pick the ellipse tool. So, in your own case, you can just bring in what your client wants. Make sure no layer is selected here. I'm going to draw a simple profile image profile box like this. In all of these, you see that I'm not moving my time indicator because I want to keep that timing correct. So, I'll just change the color. Now, I'll use this cycle to represent that uh user profile, of course. So now that I have it, I'll just add text and place it just below that. This is just an example by the way like I said. So I will create another rectangle. So I will select the rectangle tool. I will change it to either dark so that it can show. So I'll just change that to maybe $600. So I'm not going to add more than this for the sake of this tutorial to be short. So I'm going to leave it like this. I'll just position it correctly and trim it so that you see what I have done. So I'll just leave it like this. You can add as many information for the user, the profile picture and all of that. You can bring them in like as it is in the lovable. But for this sake of this tutorial, I just want to show you this. So like I said, the timing now is what we need to work on. So these are the new layer we just created for this. So we're going to select it all. hold down shift and then move it until it snaps to that uh timeline that is timeline indicator. So if you go back to the main composition now if you use let's close some of these panels I mean some of the coms. So let's come back to the main composition again. So if you come back here now you see that immediately it is clicked it goes back and that profile shows. So let's preview everything. Beautiful. You see that is just it. Now the entire section of the explainer video is ready. But there is one thing that professionals do. I want to show you how professionals use stock effect to give their explainer video that final polished look. This is what professionals do even when the animation is at its barest minimal. They still use effects like this that I'm going to show you to polish their videos. No, their explainer videos. So, but in this case now even the loable style if you take a close look you will see some effects some effects that are being used during the process of the animation. So now the first thing we're going to add is to add a grain to the video. So that makes it look organic no and natural. So we want to make sure the grain only affects from after the search box and the text backwards. So we're going to select that part of the video. So which is going to be here. You see if you go to the timeline, you see the search type. Then you see the search which is also this one. You see if you hide it, you see it. So anything after here is going to have some grains. So we're going to select the layer below it. So then we right click, go to new, and then create a new adjustment layer. So on this adjustment layer, we'll now go to the effects and preset panel to the right of your window. So let's collapse all these other ones so that we can see the effects and preset right here. We're going to search for noise. So there are several type of options here, but we're going to go with the simple noise. Select it, drag it onto the adjustment layer, or you can just simply double click on it from here. So let's increase the amount. Let's choose five for a start and see how that looks. That is not looking bad at all. So we can also crank up the number. Let's crank it up to something visible. Yes, this is visible. So, let's start reducing it to something you can see despite the YouTube compression. So, I'm going to divide this by two. So, I'm going to enter 35. [snorts] [clears throat] Yes, the YouTube compression still allows you to see this. But actually, in real time, this is too much. So, I'm going to go with 15. This is what I want. Perfect. If you look at it, this is minimal and this is okay. But maybe U compression will not be able to let you see this. In some places it is even too much like here where you have the solid. So maybe five should be okay. Uh five or six. Let me enter seven. You see nothing is written on stone. Seven is just perfect for the solid area here. But if you go to where you have multiple colors, that 15 was still okay. But we have to keep a number that is suitable for all the frames. So I'm going to hold on to seven. Seven is perfect now for all sides everywhere. Yes, seven is perfect. So you can see we don't have the noise on top of this but we have the noise below this. That is anywhere that is anything below the search bar it is having grain. So that is the first effect. So let me show you the second effect. And you can tactically apply this in several areas. You can key frame them, adjust them for the lovable. This noise was not key framed. So let me show you another place a noise was used that is here. Another place an effect was used that is after this clicking there is an effect that was used here. So let's locate this search bar which happens to be the top one after the adjustment layer. So if you hide it you see it is the one. So in the real original video after clicking the text disappear before the pop out of the UI animation. So before that there was a light sweep on the solid search bar. So now let's go to effects and control and search for CC light sweep. So you can see CC light sweep here. We're going to double click on that to automatically add it to the layer. So let's first of all twist the angle. If you like, you can leave the angle like this, but for the loable the angle or something like this. So what we're going to do now is to key frame the center. So now we're going to add a key frame to the center at this point. Do not worry, we can always offset the key frame to match whatever we want. So now let's move this outside. We're going to move this outside here. Beautiful. So now we're going to move forward in time some couple of frames to somewhere here. Then we'll move this center sorry we select the CC light sweep here and move the center. You can use this to navigate it and move the center somewhere here. So now if scrub if you scrub through your timeline you will see the light sweep. You see it after it is clicked you see the light sweep. So we're going to make sure things end before here. So let's hit you to see our key frame so that we can make adjustments to that. So I'm going to move the key frames here and here. So now I'm going to add another effect to the typing section of the layer which is this. You see if I hide it the text hide. So I'm going to add uh linear wipe here. The effect called linear wipe. So linear wipe is there. Double click on it and have it on the text that is search text. So we're going to come to the first key frame on the light sweep and set a key frame for the transition complete. So we're going to set a key frame again. So but we need to move to the next key frame for the light sweep because we want these things to correspond. So let's move to the next key frame and we set this transition complete to 100. So let's see now because we need the text to wipe in the direction of the light sweep as well. Beautiful. That is exactly what you want. So if you preview everything now, we just use three effects to manipulate everything. But you can see that light here, that light sweep here. So we're going to key frame that. If you come to this point, you see there is a light on the bar. We don't want that. So, we only want that to happen from here. So, now we're going to select that layer again. So, we're going to go to the light sweep. Now, on the light sweep on the CC light sweep here on the we're going to increase the uh we're going to reduce the sweep intensity. So, we're going to key frame it. Then, we just move back some couple of frames like two or three, four, five frames. Then, we set this intensity to zero. That way we will not see that light sweep from the beginning. Another way is to key frame it just outside everything. You see that is not there anymore. Beautiful. So if you don't pay attention that happens very fast. So with just three effects we have uplift the style. We use the grain which is the noise and then we use the CC light sweep to create a transition. Then we use the linear web to wipe out the text after being clicked. You see that? Beautiful. [music] So guys, this is how to elevate your explainer video motion graphics using the loable style of animation. If you got any question, leave it in the comment and let me know what you think about this kind of [music] tutorial. So if you need more or any question or if you want my service, leave it in the comment section and I'll do my best to answer all your question. So guys, until I see you again on the next one, my name is SSB Otaro for Motion Digit Studios.
