---
ticker: LOVABLE
type: youtube
title: "Matt Sellers - What a top 1% design portfolio looks like"
channel: "Dive Club 🤿"
date: 2026-04-16
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hI1vsPhHAFs
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 33602
---

# Matt Sellers - What a top 1% design portfolio looks like

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Dive Club 🤿
- **日期**: 2026-04-16
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hI1vsPhHAFs

## 转录全文

What does it take to create a portfolio that gets you hired at one of today's top startups? >> I had this like general quite blurry idea about what I wanted this to look and feel like and then it was just a case of iterate, iterate, iterate, iterate, and then come back and see what feels right. >> How can we challenge the way that we've historically thought about personal websites in order to create an experience that truly stands out? I don't even really show like how to get to the case studies necessarily. It's more just like I want you to explore. I want you to have this experience and I want you to feel the level of like care, you know, even if you don't go to any of these like case studies, right? Like even if you don't click on this thing and go and visit the Docifi case study, like I'm okay with that. >> Welcome to Dive Club. My name is Rid and this is where designers never stop learning. Last month, Nad Shishi, the head of design at Lovable, walked us through the portfolio of one of his recent design hires, Matt [music] Sers. So, I wanted to catch up with Matt and get a behind the scenes of how he brought his website to life. He shares some really practical mental models that I think every designer can benefit from, but also just listening to him talk, it's so clear that his website is an expression of who he is as a designer. So to start, I wanted to ask Matt what he intentionally did differently with this version of his portfolio. >> So I think if I can go back to my previous portfolio, it was mainly, you know, extremely functional. It was just a landing page, like a single page, a little bit about me at the top, and then just some some different blocks which were outlining my projects with a button that would take the the viewer to the case study. So there was no micro interactions, there was no uh animation. Imagine a kind of like printed portfolio, right? You're going like one page, second page, you know, and so on. Whereas like my goals for this portfolio was to really treat it like an experience, you know? Like I wanted visitors of this portfolio to see the level of like care and attention and the focus on the craft. And I also wanted to to make sure that I focused on the work that I was most proud of. I think my previous portfolios have have kind of always been stuff as many things as I can into those, you know. I might have had work that was from like a job from 20 years ago, you know, which like is it relevant to today? Probably not, you know. And I think with this new portfolio, it was really about how much can I remove, you know, like I would say it was a strategy of like subtracting. So, you know, I cut probably 75% of my work before I even thought about what was going to exist in the portfolio. And then of that kind of 25% that remained, >> I probably cut half again. Right? So you're seeing 12 13% of what I could have shown. The math is kind of brutal, but I feel like it's necessary. You know, the process details completely gone. You know, deliberately left out. The metrics, you know, like around like impact gone, right? Even though some people would say, how are you showing the value that you created then? You know, but it was a conscious decision that that craft was like the only thing that I wanted to showcase. In my mind I was thinking if I can't show you like beautiful thoughtful work then no amount of like process explanation is going to save me. You know it's like I wanted the the people visiting my portfolio to like immediately get that feeling of like care which yeah was probably one of the like core tenants or or goals I would say. Real quick message and then we can jump back into it. If you're like me, then you know adding motion to your designs is the easiest way to make them feel premium. The thing is, I'm not a motion designer. But that's why Jitter's new AI brainstorm feature is a gamecher. [music] I just drop in my design and then get instant motion ideas that I can tweak, refine, and make my own. It's seriously so easy to animate your work with Jitter. I cannot recommend it enough. Just head to dive.comclub/jitter to try it out today. You probably already know about paper shaders. It feels like every time I open up Twitter, I see somebody creating some new beautiful halftone effect. [music] But did you know paper uses real CSS as you design? That means your layouts are already [music] code. So you can just one-click copy as React and paste into your coding agent of choice. Paper is shipping more of their core editor every single week. And it's becoming so clear to me that this is what the future of design tools should look like. So, if you haven't tried it yet, head to dive.club/paper and start designing today. Okay, now on to the episode. In my previous portfolios, I might have had like [music] the case studies with like an image and like a paragraph explaining it and like it might have been the process, the strategy, like the value like I spoke to users and they found out XY Z thing and this is how we acted on it and this is like you know the the solution that we created and and stuff but like you know for this new portfolio there's just an intro paragraph for each case study, right? they were like extremely intentional and I and I obsessed over these, right? Um but after that it's literally just work, you know, there's there's no text like beyond that intro paragraph and and that was like an intentional choice. You know, in my previous portfolios, I would have had like a [clears throat] piece of text underneath this image and maybe it was explaining the metrics that we found via like user testing as to like why we built this page and why we focused on these particular cards and and so on and so forth. But like only the cream of the crop made it onto these pages. You know, every image was selected with this question of does it raise the bar or or does it like lower the average, right? I think yourself and Nad had mentioned something around not creating surface area that might disqualify yourself. >> I think for a portfolio, you want the work to be the hero rather than the process behind the work. I think you can give signal on the wrong things if you if you show too much process. I'm still kind of stuck on what you said about how you almost don't want to create surface area for people to poke holes in. It's not more is not always better. I think that's like a really interesting takeaway from this conversation. And I think that's like super important, right? Like every extra thing that you add to your portfolio is like a chance for someone to think >> not quite for me. That didn't quite like meet my expectations or something, you know? So, I wanted like zero fluff essentially, just like pure signal like these are the things which matter to show in the portfolio. You know, >> that was like the main thing that I came out of that conversation with Ned with was the importance of thinking about the average of your work rather than the sum of your work. And so hearing how intentionally you cut things down twice, it's amazing because I definitely have had old websites too where I'm like, I've got to communicate the gravity and scale of the body of my work. But what what Nad was saying was talking about how you can pretty easily give a negative signal. And so like obsessing over the quality of each signal that you're putting out, it obviously worked. And now to hear how intentionally you did it is definitely like the main thing that I'm coming away with in terms of how I would strategize like a new portfolio. >> Something else that I'd like to like point out as well is like this paragraph, this little intro section. Let's talk about it. >> Just to put into perspective, like this was like a labor of love. This entire portfolio, like I spent probably 3 to 4 weeks like absolutely obsessing over this thing. I was explicitly designing for like a particular type of person here, you know? Like I wasn't designing for like a random person from HR or like a recruiter. Like I was designing for someone like an experienced designer or like a design hiring manager. like someone who would just get it. And I think like this uh intro paragraph is a core piece of that, right? Like I obsessed for nights over this main like bio paragraph on the homepage. And especially the line around like, you know, 12,800% Zoom. And I knew I wanted something that was like sort of tongue and cheek like if you know you know like type thing, you know, because I think it's it's deeply specific to like a type of person that I resonate with. And someone who's been in the weeds like in a design tool like would totally get it. And I went around the houses with like different variations of this, you know, 12,800% zoom, like the safe for web claw that like if you're a Photoshop user from back in the day, you certainly will remember that. Um, you know, layer style karma, like smart object inception, like there were all of these things that were like bubbling away. But ultimately, I think like I went with this one because it still has that vibe of like if you know, you know, but it could be like extrapolated to any design tool. It's like specific enough to be meaningful, but not so like inside baseball that it feels like, you know, exclusionary. But the fact that someone can immediately visualize like the Adobe UI when when they read it is like such a like funny thing to me. [laughter] But I think like it's an example of like what great like microcopy does cuz it it creates like those connections, right? It's not just like clever for clever's sake. It's like a signal of some kind of shared experience. So, every word that you see in this bio, it's embarrassing how long I spent like, you know, tweaking it. And also, like another reason why it's even the length that it is is because there's a very specific size that this thing exists as, right? And like >> that's that's because everything had to line up. like the bento grid is like a specific way like so yeah there were lots of aspects to this and you know this kind of stuff where I'm like you know using a strike through again is another little like tongue-in-cheek thing which like others might just change that word right just get rid of passion leave obsession but I think this is like not it's kind of like selfcensoring but like at the same time I'm using that as another way that someone might be like okay I get this yeah you can be passionate about something but there's like another level where you're like obsessed with something, you know? [snorts] Um, and I think like designers that can like resonate with them, right? So, I think like this whole paragraph is supposed to be a conversation with the person reading it and the people that get it get it. >> It probably felt so good then to see Nad talk about it because that was like the very first thing that he mentioned as resonating with him. the aesthetic is super clean and so this is a design that serves the content and the content is on point as well and so like I remember even reading through and it was the 20 years of experience spent at 12800% zoom I just have this like I can picture the Adobe suite and Photoshop and just literally the UI like printing 12800% in my head as soon as I saw that. So, the fact that the content is great and it's completely not fluffy, it's to the point, super high signal, >> which then makes me kind of wonder how much did you narrow down the type of company that you were even designing this to appeal to? Was that something that you were thinking about and did that tie in with the decision to go very craft and work forward or was that not really a factor and you were still kind of trying to appeal to everybody? >> No, I think again this was something that was extremely intentional, right? I think when I was putting together this portfolio, it was for a very specific like type of person and a very specific type of company. Like I was hoping that this would be something that I would share to people that care about craft and quality and attention to detail. And it's not just something that it's like, okay, yeah, like we care about design. No, it's like design is a core value of our business. And you know, it's kind of like the lineers and the versels and and so on of the world that like I was imagining when creating this portfolio. This could be of that kind of level, you know? I think like sweating every detail was like super important here. And I think I was kind of like putting myself in the shoes of a designer that was already embedded in a company like that and sort of like wondering what might they do, right? I come from, it's going to age me a little bit, but I come from like the early days of like design. Like for example, you know, late 2000s on on Twitter, right? James McDonald, Benjamin Deco, Daryl Jin, like Skullface, like all of these people that I completely resonate with. I feel like those early days of like Dribble and Forest and like stuff like that, that's like so much part of my design personality and I draw a lot of inspiration from people like that. even like today, you know, for example, this portfolio, you know, I'm pulling from all of these different sources of inspiration, you know, like some might look at this and see Daryl with his like endless like stuff or like godly website or whatever, or like James McDonald with the attention to detail around like shadows and gradients and and so on. And you can see here just from the from the homepage, right? I don't even really show like how to get to the case studies necessarily. It's more just like I want you to explore. I want you to have this experience and I want you to feel the level of like care, you know, even if you don't go to any of these like case studies, right? Like even if you don't click on this thing and go and visit the Docify case study, like I'm okay with that. I wanted to have the same level of like care and attention to detail like that I put into the work on the homepage, you know? >> Hey, real quick. If you want to get hired at companies like Lovable, 11 Labs, and some of my favorite startups, the Talent Network is free to join. Just head to dive.club/talent. All right, back to it. I think that's why I appreciate that you've used the word experience a few times because this homepage is truly an experience. Like the container for your work is kind of the show in a way. And that's a trait that I always noticed in some of my favorite portfolios where too many people still are working off of this old mental model where your website has to almost be like this static catalog of all of your individual portfolio projects. And that's the main aspect of what you're making where you said, "No, I'm going to make a page that encompasses who I am as a designer." And I love that there's no CTAs. I love it. It's one of my favorite parts because it is encouraging this exploration and really getting into the details of the experience that you've curated. And for me, like at a very high level, I think that would kind of be the northstar for how I would want to approach a portfolio. And I think you nailed it here. >> Yeah, I appreciate that. Design isn't what I do necessarily. It's like who I am. My solo studio is is called Life is Good or LFSGD. I come from the era of like it's cool to like basically have no valves. So it's just life is good without the valves, right? But that's genuinely how I feel, right? Every single day I wake up and I get to do what I love and you know somehow I get paid for that. So so life is good, you know? But yeah, I think to go back to what you were saying like this portfolio isn't just like a professional artifact. It's something deeply personal and it's a reflection of like my philosophy and my values and my obsessions >> and I I wanted this to emanate that, you know, uh whether it's like a hiring manager or a potential client or someone that finds me on social media. So that's why I spent, you know, 90% of my time, let's say, on on details that most people might not even notice, [laughter] but I just can't help myself. The act of creating something with like that level of care is just like very fulfilling. >> Okay, this is your chance then to shine a flashlight that thousands of designers will use to view this portfolio and talk about some of the details that you think people might totally miss, but they are a good sign of what it looks like for this to be an expression of yourself. Let's just get nerdy. Like where were you spending an almost unnecessary amount of time on this site? >> Yeah, for sure. this selected work piece, you know, like just hovering on this and seeing like the list of projects. Um, and I'm creating this now like with this kind of like magnetic effect. There's a lot of detail in here that you immediately wouldn't notice. Like, you know, I think the general person might just, you know, visitor the site might just like hover here and see, oh, okay, this, you know, title changed to blue. But if you look extremely closely like these icons here like are changing you know the stroke around them is like the brand color and there's a really subtle gradient which has like you know white to the brand color. There's these like inner shadows that are all reflective of that that hover state color. So super intentional. I obsess probably way too long over those things. But like, you know, that's just one example of somewhere where I think all of that um attention to detail. Like all of those minute things help to sell this like overall feeling of quality. And then when we see this interaction here, um unfortunately there's some buggess here red with with this. I don't know why this animation is broken, but this is another example of that where I I spent a lot of time like perfecting this state that you're seeing right now where it's essentially mimicking like a a document scanner where the documents go in, they get scanned, and they come out as like some kind of like fancy like particles of data. And you know, I probably spent 3 days like getting this right. Just this scanner alone like took me a super long time to to draw like in Figma. And this is like before design pages came along. In fact, maybe I can show you that Red. >> Yeah, please. I'd love that was actually going to be my next question was kind of how you brought some of this stuff to life cuz it's super impressive and it then makes me wonder what tools, what processes did you use? >> I've been designing products every day for the last 15 years, but in the last 6 months, everything has changed. With AI in the mix, I'm cranking out ideas faster than ever. But none of that matters if I can't get the feedback that I need to get the team aligned. And right now, getting Async feedback still kind of sucks. So, I'm building the product I've always wanted, and it's called Inflight. I use it every day to share ideas and get feedback from the team, and it's totally changing the way that I work. So, I'm excited to show you. Right now, I'm only giving access to Dive Club listeners. So head to dive.club/inflight to claim [music] your spot. >> Yeah. So in the past, what I've usually done is to use the opportunity of the creation of a new version of my portfolio as a way to potentially learn a new tool or learn a new skill. So for example, I can think back to like learning how to use WordPress to create a portfolio or learning how to use Web Flow to in the early days of Web Flow to create my portfolio. And this time around I wanted to like flex my framer muscle. So I used framer to create everything from scratch. So I only designed you know 5% of this in Figma before kind of jumping directly into framer. And everything's been created natively uh in Framer. And this bear in mind this is before design pages were a thing. So this was um [laughter] yeah painful to say the least. So for example this scanner like you know you can see that every single piece of this illustration has been handone with its own values for like shadows and meticulously named layers. So yeah every single piece of this portfolio has basically been done in the same way. And then I've used framer to also create like components right so each of these components might lead to like a subcomponent. So you see here like you know the actual laser that's like scanning is another component and some of these even have code overrides on top of them and this was like the early days of chat GPT that I was using to create this like just to frame when this was actually made like it was sort of like late 2023 early 2024 if I recall correctly and that was when custom GPTs had come out. So I was like, "Okay, cool. I can make a custom GPT which has all the framer knowledge base and from there I can then use that to help me create some like custom like code overrides or react components and stuff that I can then sort of like use in in the portfolio." So lots of copying, pasting, evolving, breaking, fixing things. But like I think this approach like completely changed how I thought about the portfolio creation process, you know, kind of like prototyping the experience at the same time. You can see here the particles that I showed for the animation of like the the scanned pages like turning into data like these are all like individual components essentially like this data component >> and then each of these then has a code override which then produces this like particle effect with like you know maths and stuff like I probably don't understand like 90% of what is here but um you know it was just again it was me just like throwing stuff at the wall and I had this like general quite blurry idea about like what I wanted this to look and feel like and then it was just a case of iterate iterate iterate iterate and then come back and see what feels right in this like preview mode. I spent a lot of time like doing this and you know this is true for like the majority of what you see in the portfolio you know even like these smaller animated pieces where it's just the logo of the product but all of this is done using components using framer you know to create this like feeling. So this one isn't animating correctly but let's see if we can get it to work. >> It's so cool though. I I didn't realize how much of this you were hand making in Frame. I mean seeing this as a framework component. I did not see that coming. I mean how what was your framer knowledge before this project I mean you're going really really deep here like had you done this type of component level animation before? >> Not to this level. I come from like a background of using framer like before it was a web builder tool like the early days of framer when it was like a prototyping tool with TypeScript or Coco script or whatever it's called you know like so I had like some background in framer but like prior to building my portfolio I done a few simple kind of landing page things but nothing to this level of like detail and really trying to push the boundaries of what framer can do. So there was certainly some moments where I was like tearing my hair out. For example, this one, this one was kind of intense. So what this actually is is the real app, the real flow that a user would have gone through. You know, this was like a ride sharing app and you know, you could interact with these like sheets and you could book a cab essentially. But this is an entire flow. You know, it's the real app, but it's like a prototype built in framer. So like when you visit my homepage, there's this like little cursor thing that shoots in and like you use that to like interact with this. But you can see that like this is this is like the real assets. This is like you know everything. >> Yeah. And this was like really really tricky to do because when you prototype in Framer, you need pieces of the puzzle to like link to the rest. And like then you want to start adding like hover states and click states and animations and you quickly realize that like you have to have all of these like subcomponents which like essentially are like hit targets and it just makes things like super complicated because then those hit targets are like in the way of other elements that you want to interact with. So there's a lot of fighting with with framer and I I think like you know nowadays like framer's a lot more more robust. So, I feel like some of this stuff would be simpler to create, but yeah, you can see here, you know, going from this state to this state with the confetti to this. It's just a a frame with like delays on either side, but like so this confetti is constantly running, right? >> So, there there was like lots of really interesting ways that I was trying to push the boundaries of what framer like could do at the time. And that was like a really great way to like learn where the edges were of the tool. But also after I'd created my portfolio here, like I felt like I had like some kind of superpower when it came to actually like building landing pages for my clients, you know? >> Yeah. There's a phrase that Tommy Gio says that I really like. He says, "Tool benders." This is tool bending, man. where you're like you gave yourself the highlevel objective of a really well-written piece of copy and then a bento grid and each one of them are their own like bespoke experiences and then you just bent the tool of framer to your will and it's [laughter] really cool to see you went way deeper than I even realized. >> I think that's just part of like the way that my brain works is I know it's possible but like maybe just not in the traditional sense, right? I think it's really interesting that we have these amazing tools and they're like incredible at what they do and they provide us like amazing ways to push the boundaries, but there's always like something that you're like, you know, I wish it did this and I wish it did that. It turns out like usually you can find a way to like hack the system, you know, and like that was just an incredible way to use framer. Before I let you go, is there anything that we haven't talked about or maybe something that you even expected us to maybe bring up in the interview with NAD that didn't get mentioned? Cuz I want to just cover our bases because the more that we keep pulling on your different creative strands, the more fun I'm having. >> One thing of that we didn't touch on that's maybe like a shortcoming of what I've shown is like the experience is kind of different if you're hitting it from a mobile because it's very like hover based, right? Like a lot of these interactions on the homepage, like the micro interactions, like essentially require a user to like hover. Now, on a mobile, like it's going to work in some way, shape, or form, like when you tap, it's going to trigger something to happen. >> But like you'll notice that there are lots of break points, but some of them aren't very pretty and like some of them kind of like, you know, the content's cut off and like the experience is like very different. And that's something that wasn't necessarily like intentional. I think it was like the way that I created the project initially. Like I hadn't necessarily thought all the way through exactly like what that might feel like or look like if it was on a mobile. So that's like something that I certainly feel I would do differently or if I had time to like spend like I would create a really powerful experience on mobile too. I have a little bit of a hot take that I think I'm going to share which is for years we've been vastly overestimating the importance of mobile first design and the mobile experience in general specifically within tech. You have to know who you are designing for. Obviously if you're designing for people where the assumption is they're going to be on their phone or you have data to back it up then totally disregard this. But if your users are people in tech, definitely design managers who are viewing this through the lens of I'm trying to evaluate someone as a potential candidate. My gut is that this is definitely a desktop first experience and that like over 80% of the people are on their computers and all of my sites you know I've had like five different sites over the last six seven years and I look at it it is always above 80 85% desktop and I never want to create something that feels like I don't hit the ceiling of creative potential because I want to use mobile as too much of a constraint And I think it's a hot take because every time that we post some kind of an amazing web-based experience, there's always somebody in the comments that's like, "Yeah, but what about the mobile experience?" And it's like, "Well, what's the goal of this website?" The goal of this website is to connect you with amazing opportunities and win over a a potential hiring manager to get a dream job. That is a desktop focused flow. And you freaking nailed it on the web and went all in on hover interactions and it worked. So, I'm like, I hear you, but also I feel like this was probably a really good allocation of your time and creative efforts by sweating the details on web rather than more evenly allocating them across different breakpoints. Potentially a hot take, but I feel compelled to say it because I think it worked what you did. >> Yeah. No, I totally agree. I think you hit the nail on the head. >> All right. So, we've covered a bunch of ground. Some of the takeaways that I'm coming away with again is the difference between prioritizing the average rather than the sum. I also think it's amazing how much you've obsessed over this intro paragraph. And I know for myself at least, and I'm sure other designers listening, a lot of people kind of overlook the importance of really effective microcopy. That's one piece. And then thinking about your homepage as an experience. I want to kind of just give you the opportunity to share any other advice speaking directly to the person who maybe they're starting on a portfolio or rethinking their approach and you know they don't want to just copy you exactly and they're trying to figure out like what's my unique angle? What's the experience that I want to create? Do you have any parting words for that person who's listening before I let you go? When you're starting out on the journey of creating a new version of your portfolio or just like your portfolio for the first time, right? It can be quite a daunting process and it's kind of like the designer's curse. You know, you're never quite happy with what you've created. You're never quite happy with what you've shipped and there's always a thousand things which you can point to that you would probably change or that you dislike and and so on. And I think that's just like the nature of putting your own work out there and creating something that is like purely just just you. If you feel like you can't execute at like a certain level of craft yet or you're not comfortable with where your skills are, like my honest advice would be don't try and fake it. You know, don't dress up like mediocre work with verbose like process explanations and so on. like instead go deep on something that you can do exceptionally well or you know you can potentially build your taste before you like build your skills, you know, like find portfolios that you admire and try and like replicate them in some way, shape or form, right? like not not just like copying them, but like reverse engineering like the decisions like you know why that spacing, like why that color choice, you know, why that transition timing, like get really into the weeds, you know, to go back to my bio, like zoom in like 12,800%. Get deep and really look because there's no like secret source. It's just obsession over attention to detail and willingness to study great design. And if you can demonstrate that you can see quality even if you can't necessarily produce it, that signal like show that hiring manager, show that recruiter like that you have taste and you know they'll hopefully trust that you can like develop your skills, you're coachable into that. And if you're really stuck, just be honest. you know, I'm growing my skills here and you know, this is where I'm strong today. I think hiring managers like respect that like self-awareness like way more than they respect this kind of >> like inflated mediocrity, let's call it. I think there's just so much like out there that you can draw inspiration from and if you really look, if you really focus on the details, you can hopefully create great things from that. >> I love it, Matt. Well, I appreciate you coming on today and explaining some of your own thinking and process and even cracking open framer. It's really awesome to see and I personally am inspired by what you've made and I [music] hope others are as well. So, appreciate you taking the time today. Before I let you go, I want to take just one minute to run you through my favorite products because I'm constantly asked what's in my stack. Framer is how I build websites. Genway is how I do research. Granola is how I take notes during crit. Jitter is how I animate my designs. Lovable is how I build my ideas in code. Mobin is how I find design inspiration. Paper is how I design like a creative. And Raycast is my shortcut every step of the way. Now, I've hand selected these companies so that I can do these episodes full-time. So, by far the number one way to support the show is to check them out. You can find the full list at dive.comclub/p partners.
