---
ticker: XYZ
type: youtube
title: "Block Stock Analysis for 2025 | Buy or Sell?"
channel: "Justin Bryant Finance"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-vrv_T0aHk
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 10932
---

# Block Stock Analysis for 2025 | Buy or Sell?

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Justin Bryant Finance
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-vrv_T0aHk

## 转录全文

So, Block Shares soared as much as 10% on entry into the S&amp;P 500. They're actually up 7.22% today, 28% after hours. So, obviously a great day for Block. They're also up 15.37% in the last 5 days. Over the past 6 months, they are still down 12.76%, but year-to- date down 8.13%. Past year up 14.4%. in past 5 years still down 35.69%. So if you're wondering what this company does, it formerly was known as Square. It's actually founded by the co-founder of Twitter, Jack Dorsey, and it actually operates through a lot of different businesses through mostly financial services and commerce solutions. They have Square, Cash App, Spiral, Title. You may remember Title as like a music streaming service that basically was started by Jay-Z and they acquired them. So, lots of different companies under Block Inc. as a parent company. But obviously, this is some really big news being included into the S&amp;P 500. The reason this happened is because Hess is exiting the index because they got acquired by Chevron. So, now let's dive in to see if this actually looks like a stock worth buying in 2025. And obviously, I operate in more of a long-term approach. I'm not trying to say, uh, oh, let's buy something and sell it a month later or a few days later. I typically go more for an intrinsic value investing approach. So, if you're wondering how I approach this, that's kind of my uh lens that I look at this through. And obviously, none of this is financial advice. So, we're looking at how it's doing. We've seen kind of what it's doing the last day. We've seen how it's done over the past year, over the past five years. There are some concerns here, of course, over the past year. I mean, pretty similar to the S&amp;P 500. One other thing about how I approach this is whether or not I can buy individual stocks to beat the S&amp;P 500 as I have over the past four years. That's another thing that I judge this by. Now, we're looking at past performance, which obviously does not equal future performance. So, just obviously keep that in mind. Just got to say that so people don't try and act like I think that is the way things work. So, if you look look at the last 5 years, obviously not good. Down 35.69%. Obviously, that could turn around. Um if you look at their max uh chart here since about 2015 they are up 57%. So that's over the course of almost 10 years. You're looking at an average of what 5% a year. It's a pretty slow growth stock. Um, if you're looking at some other things about this PE ratio is not showing up, but from what I've seen, if you use some formulas to automatically uh extract this data from Google Finance, it says it's in the for like the low 40s around 43 or so, which may or may not be exactly accurate, but that's coming straight from Google Finance. So, it should be pretty close to that, even though it's not showing up right here. So, we're operating with the assumption that's about a 43 or so PE ratio. Uh, dividend yield is non-existent here. So, you're looking at this stock as a growth stock. So, if you're a dividend investor, you're probably not interested in this. Uh, the quarterly financials obviously not looking great. If you're looking at year-toear, this is based on uh Q1 of 2025, year to year. So from Q1 of 2024 to Q1 2025 pretty much down all across the board for quarterly financials and they have an upcoming Q2 2025 earnings call on August 7th and that may or may not have passed depending on when you watch this. So you see net income and net profit margin down more than 50%. Uh balance sheet here we're looking at assets to liabilities. If you look at that annually, their asset to liability ratio could be worse. It's not too bad. It's about a little over a 2:1 ratio. And then if you look at their price to book, 2.12 is actually fairly low, especially for a company like this one. Return on assets seems to be a little bit low. Normally 5 to 10% is considered decent. 10% plus would be strong. Return on capital also a little bit low. uh pretty similar. 8 to 15% is usually a good range for something like that. I also like to look and see how they've done quarterly. So, in the past quarter, uh many companies are up since a lot of this tariff news has died down a little bit. Obviously, there's still some uh here and there some deals still being done with certain countries, but I think the one with China was the big one that really hurt the market and that one seems to be resolved between the US and China. And in that period, uh, they are up 47.6% in the past 3 months. So, not too bad if you look at how they've done in the past quarter. And again, they also had a huge spike um, starting today. And that was from the news that they're in the S&amp;P 500. Hedge funds are uh, actually decreasing their ownership in shares, 4.68 million shares versus Q4. So, that's basically what they did in Q1. 29% buy, 71% sale. And then insiders here. Obviously, this is something that um can vary quite a bit. Sometimes you have a lot of insiders, sometimes you only have like one. So, it's not always something that's a very reliable indicator. But this one, they actually have 10 informative sales of 36,000 shares in the last three months. Uh 8% by 92% sale in July. Now, maybe they didn't know that this was going to be in the S&amp;P 500 because that news just came out in the last couple of days. Now, another interesting score I like to look at here that may actually help me decide if I want to still consider a stock a buy or not is what are analysts saying about this stock? It's good to have other people who have maybe different uh points of view from you and maybe get a consensus from them so that you're not doing everything just based off of one person's analysis. But you have 46 ratings here, analyst ratings. Their consensus is 72 or so% of them say to buy block. You have 19.6% saying hold and 8.7% saying sell. Now, many of the stocks I buy have a 0% sell rating, but because their buy score is so high, I don't think that's much of a concern. Now, something that is a concern is their earnings. their earnings are they are not consistently meeting earnings and they've missed they missed pretty badly in Q1 uh year-over-year 2025. So, as you can see, that's a bit of a concern when that gap is widening in the wrong direction. If this was flipped, obviously, then that would be great if their actual was much better, but it's not. in the last two quarters before Q2. Of course, they missed on earnings, barely hit Q3 uh fiscal year 2024 and they were hitting um for the most part in 2024 before that. So, they seem to be kind of trending in the wrong direction even though they got pushed in the S&amp;P 500. That may not be because they are doing something that earned them that spot. It may just be because they were on the fringe on the on the line of whether or not they should be in the S&amp;P 500 and then because another company got acquired now they got that spot but that doesn't mean they necessarily earned that spot. Now I also like to look at the NASDAQ PEG ratio which is a score that usually can help you with kind of the price versus the it's kind of like PE ratio but it also accounts for growth rate. So 2.94 forecast 12 month forward PEG ratio on NASDAQ for uh Block Inc. is 2.94. So 2.94 is a little bit on the uh the overvalued side. I have seen some that are quite a bit worse than that like Tesla for instance. But typically under one is undervalued which would be a good thing. Around one is usually fair value. And then once you get up quite a bit above one, you're talking about a stock that is overvalued, which means the price is high for that stock. So obviously you want to buy good stocks, but you also want to buy them at a good price. So pricing could be a little bit better, may not be the the best time to buy block. Also, you can look at their EV to EBITDA, which is a formula that basically can uh help get rid of, say, let's say you look at the PE ratio. Well, the PE ratio can be a little misleading. For instance, if you looked at Uber's PE ratio recently, they had some tax and accounting tricks that they did to make it look a lot lower than it really should be. So, this kind of gets rid of that. It's another kind of alternative to something like a PE ratio where you're going just based off of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization. So basically they're bare bones raw earnings before all of that other stuff gets taken into effect like accounting, taxes, all that stuff that depreciation stuff that can make it look better than it actually is. And then you're going based off of also the enterprise value which is what the EV stands for. So it's at a 20.2. And then as far as another indicator I like to look into for a company, you want to know that the company has great ideas that they are working on something that could be a breakthrough or something that uh really is a valuable product or service for the market. But also how is the company run? You can have the greatest ideas, but you might have a circus of an internal company structure that just makes it really hard for them to really achieve their potential. So, Block, if you look them up, 3.7 out of five stars overall as far as the employee reviews. A pretty average score. Pretty decent, I would say. Not too bad. 69% would recommend working here to a friend. That's almost 3/4, which is also pretty good. So, it seems like employees don't think it's like a poorly company or anything like that. Again, if you were to compare it to say an extreme example, you could say compare it to Tesla where if you saw me break down Tesla, one thing that concerned me is only about half of people actually recommended working there and only about half of them actually recommended Elon Musk as a CEO. There just seems to be some mixed feelings about whether or not they're even a well-run organization. And then Jack Dorsey, it could be a little bit better as far as the approval rating of the CEO. Um, but sometimes these kind of celebrity uh entrepreneurs have lower scores I think just because of some of their public views. Either way, scores could be a little bit better, but nothing concerning enough here to make me think, well, this company probably won't last much longer. Right now, I actually have Block Inc. as more of a hold. Again, not financial advice. Just how I would look at it if my money was put into this, which I don't actually have any stock in block. I've never really been tempted enough to buy any. And right now, just because they had um this nice spike today and they're in the S&amp;P 500, doesn't mean I see all the indicators I'm looking for to buy it. If I did have some, I'd probably hold it a little bit longer. I don't think it's quite a sale yet, but that's kind of how I view it. I don't think I would just run out and buy some right now just because it got in the S&amp;P 500.
