---
ticker: XYZ
type: youtube
title: "EP 027: Compounder Guru Sean Emory on why Block, $XYZ, is Far From Done"
channel: "Pitch The PM"
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzBxGfE06aA
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 42502
---

# EP 027: Compounder Guru Sean Emory on why Block, $XYZ, is Far From Done

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Pitch The PM
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzBxGfE06aA

## 转录全文

Talk to us a little bit about your investment philosophy. &gt;&gt; Trying to figure out what we call the six M's. Who's the management team? Are they aligned with us? Have they performed historically market that they play in? Is it growing? They're gaining market share market share static. Can they expand their margins? And then multiple expansion. And then do you have a margin of safety at that investment? &gt;&gt; They've been in the news recently with a lot of layoffs. &gt;&gt; We were digging into data from Carbon Arc. We saw job hiring. This has kind of been known over the last several years that block was reducing their headcount. Postco anybody related to commerce overhired. During that time they have Cash [music] App, they have Square and they acquired Afterpay. So they had essentially three companies inside of one. &gt;&gt; Who do you think will also be able to cut a meaningful percent of their jobs to improve their profitability for their shareholders? &gt;&gt; Block acquired Afterpay. Since then, Afterpay has a big international market and a lot of that is morphing and and flowing [music] into Cash App. Generally speaking, it's because they're inside of a conglomerate and their conglomerates making changes. [music] &gt;&gt; Hello and welcome to Pitch the PM. My name is Doug Garber and I'm here with Shawn Emery from Avery and Co. For the last 10 years, Shawn has run a foundational [music] core equity strategy for SMAS, high netw worth and family offices. This year, he has recently launched his ETF [music] strategy, AVRY, and now anyone can access his ideas. &gt;&gt; This is the fourth quarter in a row of a reaceleration of growth in their Square business and then their cash app business. We're [music] tracking app downloads, app engagement. If they execute on this and they can operate, our margin numbers may go up by 40 50%. There's room for significant upside there. &gt;&gt; Over the last 10 years, you and your partners have built a very good business with family offices and high net worth individuals running a separately managed account or SMAs and you've run two strategies. One is a core strategy, premier growth that has about 10 to 15 positions. Your foundational strategy that runs 20 to 30 positions. And I'm looking at this and the performance is just under 20% for those strategies dependent on the fees. What made you guys decide to do an ETF and let everyone access your growth strategies? &gt;&gt; Yeah, what's going on, man? Um, nice to see you. Thanks for uh having me back. Love the show. Avery, you know, AVRY, like you mentioned, is, you know, our foundational ETF. It's, you know, brand new here. It's definitely takes on, you know, some of the legacy stuff we've been doing in separately managed accounts. And, you know, our firm was built on the idea of investing with conviction. You can see that with you know some of the the holding count that you just mentioned. Our premier growth strategy anywhere from 8 to 25 companies sits around 12 14 any given time and then foundational is really around a strategy that we believe is core to somebody's asset allocation and that's around 20 to 30 names. So yeah, it's we thought it was the right time to go to market with an active ETF here in the last month or so and we're excited about, you know, the traction we're getting and we're really excited about the next, you know, several years in a format that is accessible to, you know, pretty much anybody. &gt;&gt; Can you talk to us a little bit about your investment philosophy? What is your your turnover? What do you look for in companies? And how do you think about growth versus valuation or putting them together? &gt;&gt; Yeah, really starting at the end there, which is, you know, growth versus value. I think we're all value investors at our heart. We're all seeking value. The growth rate differs obviously and even if you're investing in a company that's growing triple digits 100% year-over-year some point you have to have some sort of valuation that you know tracks that accordingly and there's some sort of end state that you need to you know figure out and determine and obviously the higher the growth the more volatility and variables that go into trying to get to that end state. But you know stepping back our motto right at Avery is investing forward and our research motto internally is investing where the world is headed and that's ultimately what we're trying to do. We're trying to figure out where's the world going where's there friction how can we you know participate in that friction meaning the friction there companies are building to alleviate that friction and building business models that hopefully are sustainable durable and and so that's kind of like the starting point where do we want to be and that is a margin of safety. it drives revenue really if you're in the right areas and right markets that are going to be with us for the next several decades. So that's like the starting point. From there, you know, you go a little bit deeper and you're trying to figure out what we call the six M and that is who's the management team. Are performed historically? Market uh that they're they play in. Is it growing? Ideally, you want a market that is growing and expanding. And that speaks to what I was saying, investing forward. Then you want market share. Are they gaining market share? Is market share static? And if obviously if you get those two things right, you know, market growing with market share, you're probably in a pretty good spot. And then from there it starts to get to the the income statement where we're talking about margin expansion. Can they expand their margins? Are they under earning today? And then multiple expansion, right? That's like the fifth app. You know, can they drive multiple expansion? And that's where that valuation discipline comes in. If you can find something that is growing, taking market share today that's trading at a multiple that's somewhat reasonable. And you think that market is secular in nature, I think you're you're on to something. And then do you have a margin of safety at that investment? So those are like the 6M. So you start again from where's the world headed designating different categories whether it's identity digital work automation changes in mobility consumer habits and how they entertain themselves. I think those are all the elements that we're looking for and then you know trying to bring that into a strategy where it has discipline and concentration like high conviction but also enough diversification that it can truly be uh a core strategy. Last thing is we named it foundational for a reason. We're looking for foundational industries that are driving the future. Companies that are foundational to those industries and then again these companies tend to have to be either founder led or some sort of adjacent to founder. Meaning maybe they started a business, maybe they were early on in this business, but they know how to build because in times like today where AI is obviously consuming a lot of mind share and a lot of attention. If you're not a builder right now, I think you know you run the risk of falling behind. Time is of the essence and you know not on your side if if you're in the way of it. That's our process and thought process around, you know, how we build portfolios. &gt;&gt; It's great to hear. There's no index hugging like the rest of the industry with ETFs or mutual funds. I think you're genuine about growth versus value is really just a mutual fund marketing thing. And you guys are like, it's actually the same thing. And then when you read Buffett, he's like, really, you only need four or five good investments in your entire life to be great. I mean, obviously people want a little bit more diversification, but you guys really focus on that concentration and the alignment with management. Most of the companies we end up talking about are founder le. We're about to talk about Square XYZ. We talked about Zoom last year. Sean, before we get into Block, we talked about Zoom last year. The stock was in the low7s. I know you probably started to buy it in, you know, the 50s60s right before the growth actually started to pick up. They were doing great. They were in the mid 90s. Just had a bad quarter. The stock sold off. I know software is a very sensitive topic right now. It's also one of your top holdins. just give us a quick update there and then we'll move on to block. Zoom's doing everything that we, you know, we expect them to do. Meaning there's their their Zoom meeting product is is their main product, right? And that's the way they've gotten into, you know, organizations and then they they launched Zoom phone, Zoom contact center. So we talked about it on your other podcast, right? Uh so you can go back and listen to the overarching thesis there, but in general they they've expanded from, you know, phone to to contact center to, you know, to uh Zoom meetings. They have, you know, Zoom AI companion. They have team chat. Uh they have a lot of the functionality that companies need to operate in. And the big thing there was uh platform and we saw more of that this quarter, right? 10 of their 10 deals included their contact center, their largest deals. 10 of their 10 deals included a paid AI seat. Seven of their 10 deals were competitive displacements, meaning they took it from a competitor. So there was a lot to like there. Now from a guidance perspective, you know, they guided for the full year, you know, somewhere around what they grew last year, but in the first quarter, you know, it was weaker than most were expecting. And they they rationalized it. They spoke to it, which was pretty simple. was they won uh you know several large deals and in order to win those deals, they were using a competitor and if you think logically a company's not going to pay for two products at the same time and you know in that transition moment you know you're going to give them credits to come on your platform for free essentially or at a low cost and essentially bridge the transition for them and that's ultimately what happened in the first quarter but I think the bigger takeaway there is simply that they won these large deals and from a competitor and so part of the bare case has been losing two competitors but I think ultimately here what you're seeing is the communications platform business one is fairly mature in nature and they're winning you know against competitors today their cloud business and all of this will be wrapped in AI so like if you think of AI threats I don't think you or I are going to stand up our own communications platform why because communications is internal conversations it's podcasts like this it's sales reps reaching out to you know potential prospects and ultimately I think that is at least risk because you need that to be uptime 99.9999% reliability. Uh you need it safeguarded and then again you have a bunch of context coming from all this stuff. We think it was actually a good quarter if you're a long-term investor. Uh it speaks to our narrative of becoming a platform. &gt;&gt; Got it. The the best case is that Teams and Meets is free and people already have that for the for the video conferencing, but they're coming in and saying we're a full platform with call center and so many other things that they're still winning from that perspective. you going from a product to the systems companies. We'll see if they can get back to that kind of mid single digits and above growth. And I know software is a tricky spot right now for a lot of people. So there's not a lot of room for um &gt;&gt; criticism really. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. Anything is going to be assumed to be the worst case right now for your software. But Sean, one of your other big holdins is Block XYZ and they've been in the news recently with a lot of layoffs. I wanted to get your take on your what your thoughts are of those layoffs, why Dorsey did them, and I know you also participate in management calls and just give us an update of what you're hearing from your vantage point. &gt;&gt; So, there's two things uh they reported here recently, and it was a strong quarter overall, both from a topline perspective. This is the fourth quarter in a row of reaceleration of growth in their Square business, which is, you know, more their point of sale business plus software attachments to that. And then their cash app business which is you know their digital wallet that you know is spend send and you know invest right you can do all those things in that platform and borrow now and so those things grew nicely right you know 20 plus% growth in aggregate cash apps um you know gross profit growing 33% and then square making up the rest operating margins was uh above 20 uh% as well and so you're seeing the rule of 40 right that a lot of people try to aspire to they're exceeding that well ahead of schedule the The other side was really around the layoffs which was 40%. And this isn't necessarily something new. We were digging into um data from carbon arc and we saw job hirings and you could I mean look this has kind of been known over the last several years that block was reducing their headcount. I think they were at 14,000 then said they were going to hold it at 12,000 then they did another one and then here they they're going from you know roughly 10,000 6,000 or so. There's two aspects to that as well. on one side postco think anybody related to commerce over hire you saw that at you know claro you saw that at plenty others and then essentially we we had a normalized economy and you either could hold that or not and during that time as well you know they have cash app they have square and they acquired afterpay during co so they had one 40% reduction again I feel for all the people that are you know being let go a chance to spend some time in San Francisco with the team and and got to see them use their internal product called code name goose is the official name but they just call it goose. They're seeing the 60% uplift in engineer productivities. So I think it's a mix of both overhiring normalization trying to flatten the organization after when they had uh multiple companies sitting inside of one and then seeing some efficiency gains inside of using their goose product internally. And I think it's it's all those things. I don't think it's any single one at all. Who do you think will also be able to shareholders and essentially be a catalyst for the stock as well after what Square has done? Are they the first or is this just cutting fat from integration and co? &gt;&gt; There's definitely plenty of companies out there that can should they want to. But there's nuances to this stuff. There's culture aspects. There's plenty of bloated companies. There's a good uh a data point we again we got from carbon arc which basically shows similar trajectories of some other companies that we think have the ability to cut because it given the trajectory of their headcount relative to revenue or their headcount trajectory relative to you know co but I don't think it's going to be one after another uh in the same sizing. It seems like this was both integration from the acquisitions. It was overhiring from COVID and it was AI productivity and the headline is AI productivity and people are running with that like Catrini and stuff but you know you're very data focused software hiring is up. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So software engineer demand is is perking up here in the last year which is some somewhat counter to like every narrative out there. It's not easy to pinpoint that the the the rhyme or reason, but there's a clear relationship between pre-COVID than during COVID where a lot of engineering talent was hired then to postcoid. Now you're starting to see, you know, since April May of last year, the trajectory going higher. And if you look at job openings from Indeed, the number one category in terms of growth rate year-over-year is software engineers. And my hypothesis to that is most companies aren't software companies. They don't sell software. So their their product isn't engineering talent. If you're trying to figure out how to use AI inside your organization, either hire external contractors or you bring people in internally that can help you. So I think that is actually potentially what's happening that more software talent is potentially needed here. Now that may come at the expense of the software companies. My view on that who's going to win in AI? There's clearly AI natives. Then there's the software companies that have all the engineering talent in the world and many of those can be optimized. It is counter to the narrative that software developers don't raise your kid to be a software developer. They're never going to work. I think they're they're going to be, you know, quasi project managers, but you know, if you're just letting code run itself without understanding at all what it's doing, I think you run the risk of making mistakes as an organization. And so software development is in demand right now. &gt;&gt; A big thank you to our founding sponsor, AlphaSense, for making the show possible. They continue to level up their intelligence platform and are redefining channel research. They were able to leverage their vast expert network into channel checks to deliver a continuously refreshed view of demand, pricing, and competitive dynamics powered by interviews with real operators, suppliers, distributors, and channel partners to bring you, the investor, a thorough mosaic of fieldle conditions. AlphaSense has thousands of consistent channel conversations every month that deliver insights to help investors spot inflection points weeks before they show up in management commentary or consensus estimates. Check it out at alpha-sense.com/pitch and mention pitch the PM or Doug Garber to your sales rep to support the show. It is much appreciated. I completely agree. There's so much more to the software development value creation in a corporation than just the coding, right? It's the go to market. It's the domain knowledge of what you're solving. They're able to embed this layer into their customers workflow and their own workflows to help their customer and be more efficient themselves. They're not complacent. There's definitely value. And now, you know, it's like what's your shopping list? Because all the software names that have historically been pretty expensive are now cheap. So, you got to figure out who are going to be the long-term winners and where's the sale that I actually want to do more work on. I've got a whole list of names I'm doing work on. So, let's get into um Square. It's obviously pulled back a lot with the rest of the market. They got a bump when they cut jobs and the stock's now doing better. What's your outlook from here? Why do you want to still own it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um yeah, they got a bump. I think some people are are definitely um using the uh the job cuts as the rationale why it got the bump and in some way that's true, right? cutting operating expenses by a magnitude of you know $500 million annually which is what their net effect will be as they reinvest you know the rest obviously that increases operating margins and therefore you're you're getting much more profitability much quicker and it's the excitement around the reaceleration and growth and I spoke to cash app gross profit growing 33% and their square business also reacelerating ultimately if you're believe if you believe in cash app as the story and it's a digital wallet and it's going more and more towards banking which is much more of a trusted relationship with the consumer and the company then their number on primary banking activives uh is important and they quantify this by the amount people spend in it and you know people that deposit in their account with their payroll very much some of the you know the key variables that you would consider someone's using this as their primary bank and in September they gave us roughly 8 million primary banking activives and here this quarter it's you know 9.3 roughly they added about a million new banking activives which is a a pretty steep acceleration they added another million on up for Cash App in general, just monthly active users to 59 million. And then within that, another key KPI is inflows per active, the amount of inflows people are bringing into the ecosystem performing well. So they launched uh Cash App Green. So those that are spending 500 bucks a month and and do that get access to, you know, Cash App Green, which just gives you different perks inside of the app. And that's one way of trying to drive some sort of loyalty to the ecosystem. And look, they've been talking about this for, you know, 18 months. And what are we seeing? four straight quarters of acceleration in growth there. Part of that again is due to commerce happening on that cash app platform but also part of it has to do with their cash app borrow product. So remember in 2021 roughly they acquired Afterpay. So they they they had they built in or bought domain expertise for kind of like buy now pay later which can be a very very uh lucrative business. Um and it's showing out to be a lucrative business. So their cash app borrow business is growing rapidly. They have their own bank, Square Financial, and that's allowed them to move across the country now. Before they were using, you know, third party chartered banks and that, you know, didn't allow them to scale Cash App at Borrow across the country, and now they have access to pretty much every state. And so they're utilizing that accessibility now to then drive that business forward. And these Cash App borrow people, the the key characteristic there is they generate 10x more gross profit dollars per user that's in Cash App borrow. And remember, these are like 25day loans, right? 25 day loan. Are these like payday loans? What are the rates? What's the profile? How do they process this so quickly? They have their own credit scores. I understand. &gt;&gt; So, they have their cash app credit risk score. You're trying to actually productize this as well and sell it to third parties. They underwrite these customers and it's not your traditional like FICO score. So, there's some nuances to it. It's location. What are you buying? Where are you buying from it? It's information that they're correlating to success and how you your propensity to pay back. And so, they built that acumen. If you look at their loss rates, you know, they're well below industry averages. And how do they monetize it? Generally speaking, if it's like these four-week loans, you know, they'll give out like $200, right? And that person will pay back. Um, and if you don't pay back, you're, you know, you're out of the system, right? It's that simple. And so, as you continue to to prove yourself out that one, you're adding more, you know, deposits inside your Cash App, you're spending more, you're spending at certain places, your your risk score goes up. Uh, they're trying to build a feature in there where you can actually track and and monitor your risk. that incentivizes you to further pay back. And that's as simple as it is. Now, how they make money in some cases, there's merchant funded ones. If they go out and buy something at Best Buy, let's say, uh the merchant is actually paying for that. It's almost like a marketing expense for them. And obviously block or cash app block, but they'll take it on their on their balance sheet and or sell it to a third party. And that's ultimately how they make money. That's how a lot of these companies make money. Now, some of these do have embedded interest rates as well, and those are for like generally longer than your four-week payouts. Um, pay in four is typically like the term. So, those are like the two ways where there's like an embedded uh interest rate where you see and it's it's very clear or it's don't pay us anything and then the merchants are funding that. &gt;&gt; Well, I'm looking at the difference between Afterpay, CLA, and the affirm data. And it looks like Afterpay's actually been decreasing in market share at least from this sample. Why are they losing share in that versus a firm and CLA? &gt;&gt; CLA's independent firm's independent. They all kind of carve out their own little niches. You know, a firm's tied to Amazon and was originally tied to someone like Pelaton at the time and that drew a lot of traction. They block acquired Afterpay. So Afterpay has a big international market and in the US somewhat de prioritized it and a lot of that is morphing and and flowing into cash app. So cash app borrow is essentially a very similarish product as Afterpay. when we're talking about the the app growth and the new features there. How much of this company's success is due to their growth in mobile and how much of their traffic and just dominating mobile is an advantage to have that distribution and that channel. And you know, I'm looking at this chart here that the cash apps up almost 60 70% year-over-year in app sessions. How do you and this is a carbon arc thing I think you mentioned earlier as well. How do you track that part of the strategy or the usage of apps and its effectiveness? &gt;&gt; At the end of the day, like we're tracking app downloads, app engagement. Those are obviously key predictors of monetization inside the app. They started in the app. They're mainly in the app. You could do some stuff in the web, in the browser, but this is an app, right? It's the number one finance app most days in in the app store. Depending on the time of season, some other companies will shoot up to the top, but generally speaking, this has been number one or number two in the app store. and seeing app sessions. I think it was uh Q4 the chart uh that you were showing which is up 60 70 80%. And I think that speaks to one that uh Cash App green that I was referring to which is they launched which is trying to drive loyalty there. They they tend to do a lot of creative marketing. They've historically gone from again a startup inside of Block. blog used to just be Square, right? Ticker SQ at the time and that was just Square point of sale and then a couple of the people inside of Square built Cash App and it started to get traction. They started to have cash app Fridays, they would give out $100,000 and if you retweeted their post and and they would do that every Friday and eventually they had 5 million and 10 million. Now they have 59 million monthly active users on the app and they're only in the US. So if you think of like 190 million people in the US that are call it you know your working age population 59 million is a big part of that and you know they're winning in the you know in the culture scene of like you know social and that has manifested into people embracing the app. So the app is obviously important and now they're they're expanding that product portfolio and really trying to drive it as more of a serious banking app. And I think there's a race for this. There's only a couple handful of companies that I think that are mobile first that aren't like your traditional bank. Who are they taking market share from? Are they just providing services to an underserved market? Are they taking share from the larger Bank of Americas? Are they the US's version of Revolute? How do you think about that? &gt;&gt; I think they're mostly taking share from call it your like local regional bank which was someone in the middle market mid-tier. Typically you're there if like you know you don't have a perfect credit. That that was like the early origin of Cash App, right? I think uh early on they they explicitly said like we're we're going after the non-banked. Now, they made a a disclosure here recently, this week, where they they said their average net income household is $78,000. So, it's not exactly high, but it's not exactly as low as I thought. That's how you carve it out. A good way to track that is, you know, historically, right, you would go on Google Trends and people searching for it, and you saw it in these regions, Southeast, Northwest, the US, and different pockets. So I think ultimately it's they're taking net new of your 15year-old to 20 you know 2-year-old and that's competing against call it your local bank that used to have direct access to the community and now what's easier than just downloading an app funding it attaching your payroll now you get banking now you can invest now I can send money to my friend again they're not the only one I think Revolute's a good example right there's there's plenty of these Robin Hood is you know trying to do something like this maybe not with the peerto-peer you have Venmo but Venmo doesn't really have a full platform but it's a good product. Most people have it. PayPal kind of started here. Obviously, they own Venmo, but PayPal, I think, is legacy in people's minds in terms of using it for your bank. That's kind of like the ecosystem they're going up against and why they're winning really. &gt;&gt; What are the main services they provide and where what are they going to be adding over the next few years to increase their LTV of the current customer base? &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's a lot because remember there's Square as well in this mix, which we we've kind of brushed over, but Square is a point of sale. So they started with the little chip reader on your phone to make a sale and that was like the origin story. Beautiful little design. Then you started to see the kiosk inside of coffee shops and you know the creator of that was one of the you know the main creators of and designers of the iPhone right so there you can you can actually visually see it when you look at it which is you see some synergies of like you know the white clean minimal hardware that they offer and square has morphed from just that point of sale in small micro merchants to now scaling into large scale full service 70 100 chain operations out there and that's not something they could have done even 5 years ago toast was really take in that market as were some others that were really focused on scaled out operations. I'd say about 2 years ago they really emphasized let's go deep in our markets as opposed to wide across most markets and that verticalized approach I think is serving them well here and that's why you're seeing Square's GPV which is gross payment volume going through their platform accelerating. They just saw their strongest net new volume added which is another way of saying net new ARR for like a software company. How much net new do you have in? And so look, they're trying to land with these customers, have payment volume, go through it. Then they have a software suite. Everything from payroll to marketing to other things that maybe a smaller mid-market merchant would would want. And then from there, they're embedding AI across it. So like they have some interesting use cases. And I saw it in motion at their event where you can go in there and ask your dashboard, hey, should I open up my restaurant on Mondays? And if there's enough density around that area, meaning enough square merchants also in that area, maybe some serve similar cuisine, and it can say, "Hey, yeah, open up from 4 to 6." There's a lot of people that are buying this type of cuisine at those times and surfacing information. They have like a financial suite. So, I can imagine them on the Square side continuing to go deeper, richer. Again, they're pretty early usage of AI inside their platform as well. They have Square Capital, which was their early version of applying and giving their merchants loans. And if we were talking about the big banks now, this is where I think they've carved out some exposure where these merchants, these restaurants would historically go to call it Bank of America and say, "I need a I need a loan for my business." And Square basically said, "Hey, we have access to all their data. We can see how many sales, how much how profitable are they, how many employees do they have, are they in the right location, how much foot traffic's walking in the door, what kind of customers are coming in, and then serve a loan to them and say, "Hey, do you need a $10,000 loan? If so, here you go." And then those customers would pay it back through transactions, right? So it's not like here's a $10,000 check, okay, pay us in five years. It was like, we'll pay you back over time and then help grow those businesses. So it acted as, you know, almost like pouring water on a plant and and and helping it grow. &gt;&gt; When you're talking about Square versus Toast, recently Square, some of the data I'm looking at here looks like they've been increasing market share versus toast. Any color around that? I know the market share data looks like, you know, there there is some evidence there that supports the idea that, you know, on the margin they're taking some share. And that would be a big positive, you know, if true. But I think the bigger picture here is taking it from all the other incumbents, Toast and Square are very focused on what they do. They're very much tech enabled first. They didn't just acquire a bunch of point of sale solutions, aggregate them up, attach a huge sales force to it, and you know, try to win. but really applying again in a wave of AI. These companies that are much more tech- enabled, which is Toast and Square, they're going to even have more of a reason to displace the incumbents that are likely to be slower to really add real value here as it relates to AI. And I and I mean that because there's so much data and rich data that comes from like a restaurant that you can provide tangible insights to these businesses. And I think that could be a winning strategy. They both win. I like both of them actually. We don't invest in Toast, but I think they do a really good job. They're hyperverticalized only in that restaurant category at least today they're starting to expand into new verticals but from just a product perspective stripping out investments or anything like that they're both doing well. &gt;&gt; How much of the core business is Cash App versus Square and where are you seeing more growth? &gt;&gt; The core business grew you know just above 20% 22 24% gross profit and then Square grew around you know 10 to 15%. How do you think about the valuation currently versus the growth prospects? &gt;&gt; You're talking about a company that's trading somewhere around 13 to 15 times their operating income of that business. And so when we see that with a a business that's reacelerated over the last four quarters, you know, it makes us really confident in, you know, what they're able to do both when they focus and if anything, they're going to be even more focused. And again, all the all the key like indicators that you would look for in Square with net volume added record there with churn and food and beverage you know up 16% and then you know they're adding a million banking activives in cash app and adding another million there and cash at borrow now going widespread across the nation. I think there's a lot more room for growth but structurally they should receive a much higher valuation in the immediate term. &gt;&gt; What do you think the market's missing? Jack Dorsey for one is somewhat confusing, right? Because he's one of the better innovators out there, period. Very few people that have done anything close to what he's done. He obviously founded X or Twitter. There's a lack of there historically has been a lack of trust on the execution side. And again, just to to write the ship here is this is our second time investing in in in block. Uh before it was Square, this was like 2016 or so. uh and then sold during the the COVID time frame where everything you know valuations got crazy. So we had a we had a nice run there and Cash App was on fire, valuation was getting crazy and post that then you had again some of the normalization happening in in the economy. You could argue again them taking their eye off the ball a little bit. They got a little comfortable and stagnant and perked our interest again that hm this company is starting to get its you know ship in order and executing at a high rate. And I think you know what you've seen over the last four quarters, 18 months is something that investors should start to pay attention to that Jack is more focused than he's ever been. I think he's taking the right steps verticalizing on Square, shrinking the business from a, you know, people count perspective so it can get flatter so he can have his creative energy on top. And then second of that is the the loaning the loan side of the business, right? Cash App Borrow, Square Capital. There's historically been some concern, right? is like, you know, you're giving out all these loans and once you start to understand them being transparent about the credit score that they have and then if they can get that in the hands of others and resell it, that can help validate their credit system. You know, they haven't had any issues on the loss side of the equation for them, loan laws side, and they've been through COVID and some other periods like 2022 and net. They've been very good at managing risk there. So, with time, I think that'll that'll write the ship. &gt;&gt; What about the crypto exposure? How do you frame that? Is that a worry or any other risks that you see out there with the macro economy? They have about a billion dollars of Bitcoin on their balance sheet. It's probably 30% less now, but they have about a billion dollars on their balance sheet. So, you could say that's optionality. You could say that's risk, but there's also about $2 billion of Bitcoin held inside of Cash App more broadly. And these are the users inside of Cash App. One point that was a pretty good uh mechanism of driving new engagement to the platform. I think ultimately they should have pushed that harder and become even more. they've kind of been, you know, Bitcoin only, which has allowed Robin Hood and Coinbase and some of the others to really take the trading market as it relates to call it cryptocurrencies, tokens, and they have a proto mining business, which they finally, you know, they they received their first bookings on that. So, they're making their own rigs for Bitcoin mining made in the US, which is, if you follow the crypto scene at all, it's a big um deal right now. The the market leader in that space is out of China and controls roughly 90% of the market. So there there is optionality there. This none of this is big to the business. I'd say the Bitcoin stuff is much more optionality. Look, those that are declaring, you know, Bitcoin to, you know, a million bucks, what would that do to somebody like Block? I think it's optionality. And if it uh if for some reason it goes the other way and, you know, it's worthless, then I don't think it's detrimental to the business either. And because the core business is ultimately what's functioning there, they're also using it as a tool. It just allowed acceptance of Bitcoin inside of Square Terminal. So there's a lot of, you know, different uh users on there. There's neighborhoods inside of Cash App. It's a new product that they launched, which is really trying to take their Square merchants, their Cash App users, and combining those ecosystems somewhat. And if you're on Cash App, you can get offerings, you can get delivery orders, takeout from Square merchants. So in any area where there's enough density, I think um that can, you know, have some effect and then you can buy and sell you your stuff in Bitcoin. And the thing there is like no one has to take the risk. If like I wanted to pay in dollars and the merchant wants to accept in bitcoin I can actually transact in dollars and then their stuff just converts to bitcoin or vice versa eventually you know what does that mean that means uh you could see where bitcoin is the rail and ultimately uh processing costs all flow inside the system of cash app that's like a highle view but ultimately I do think it's it drives engagement on an upside scenario in bitcoin I think uh they're well positioned to have it benefit them not hurt them and then on the downside to that again their core business is is healthy and growing so it'll be irrelevant over time if that happens &gt;&gt; what's your target price on on this company. &gt;&gt; I I'll give you our target price, but no recommendations. We're right around like 145 uh bucks a share, which is just our very very base case. That assumes very stagnant growth. If anything, we're going to take our numbers up just because as we see some of the 40% reduction and quicker time to uh margin and if they can sustainably hold it there, then like we we we have margins around, you know, 27 and a half%. If they execute on this and they can operate and our margin numbers may go up by 40 50% meaning up to you know 35 40% uh margins we hold them at 27 and a half uh for now uh but there's room for significant upside there. Uh on the revenue side again gross profit dollar side we underwrite for the next three years and then hold a line after that and then only apply a 15 multiple on that and that's kind of how we get there. We're only looking at three years and then some sort of steady state that we think we're under doing it. So again when we go through those 6 M and we get to that margin of safety approach uh we think there's room for multiple expansion from here even beyond that 15 in the case that they continue to execute some of the peers trade at that and you know if you look at historical fintech or financial payment firms they tend to trade at consumer staple like you know ecosystems when you get big enough look we're just trying to be prudent but that's still significant upside from here &gt;&gt; that's that's a great uh summary and I appreciate all all your insight on the company I always learn something when when we talk Sean so thank you again for coming on the show and just want to remind everyone this is a media company. Nothing on this show is investment advice. Please contact your financial advisor for investments that might be suitable for you. As always, you can find me on LinkedIn and we are now on Substack Pitch the PM and you could follow us there. With that, good luck.
