---
ticker: CXM
type: youtube
title: "Sprinklr (CXM:US): How a Turnaround CEO Could Double This Undervalued SaaS Stock"
channel: "SumZero"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7opqleOkKY
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 49631
---

# Sprinklr (CXM:US): How a Turnaround CEO Could Double This Undervalued SaaS Stock

## 视频信息
- **频道**: SumZero
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7opqleOkKY

## 转录全文

and welcome to Sumzero. Uh today we're back with Raj Shaw from Stoic Point. Raj is uh many of you know him as sort of the the dispack king. He's done a lot of great analysis on on dispacks that have gotten clobbered um from especially from the 2021 vintage. Um but um I think Raj has always been great at just finding really asymmetric opportunities. Um, so today we're going to talk about uh Sprinkler uh Corp, uh, ticker CXM, um, which has fallen quite a bit off of its highs and is sort of seen as a victim of AI, but um, you know, I think I think Raj has a variant view here that's that's quite interesting. And there's a new CEO in in in the picture as well that I think makes it even more interesting. Um but with that, Raj, do you want to just quickly give um listeners kind of your your background and then we we can get into sprinkler. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh absolutely. I don't know. Is the SP is spec king? There's already a spec king. His name's Jaman. Uh so &gt;&gt; yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Spack king and then I can be the dspeology. I like king. I think I think dspack king is actually &gt;&gt; we look at him after they've fallen, you know, 50 plus percent. Uh yeah. No, we look uh thematically at Stoke Point, you know, we tend to look at I wouldn't thematic is probably a strong word. We just tend to bias towards change moments and opportunities and over the last couple years a lot of the the best change moments and the highest asymmetry opportunities in our view have been in, you know, dispacks and and broken IPO. So, as as Diva mentioned, this isn't even a Dspect, but this is definitely a broken IPO. CXM sprinkler came public around the same time that a lot of software companies were coming public either through IPO or DSPback and has consequently fallen quite a bit since then in I think 2021 when it came public just a flood of a flood of new isrances like frankly a lot for investors to digest at the time and I think even still there's we're still going through this hangover and so we tend to pay attention to those types of things we're drawn to I mean we joke we sort of run towards the fire um as um investors are generally ignoring or running away from them. Um, and then it really just becomes a question about underwriting the quality of a business and really figuring out what's going on here. Um, and so you look with Sprinkler, I'll just start off briefly. You know, I think enterprise software is always just very hard. You know, it can be very hard to understand. You know, we don't use it as consumers necessarily. So, I think it's probably worth spending a minute on just understanding at its core what a company like Sprinkler does because even admittedly when we started looking at it, it took us some time to figure it out. you know, they've built an endto-end platform and the company's been around for a while that analyzes all of your customer data and interaction. So, that includes social marketing, customer service, and then it takes it a step further by allowing you to use its platform and its tools to engage with all of those customers. Really, the vision being engage with your customers at any places that they might be. So whether that's at the call center where they're calling in for customer service, if that's on social media, uh if that's over email, they sort of package all of that together for one singular view with a customer and let you interact with them. And while that's may sound like kind of a nice to have as opposed to a need to have, it actually if you're a large enterprise or Fortune 500 company, it's a mustave. You have to be there where your customers are. You have to protect your brand. You want to know competitively where your brand is positioned um and and how consumers think about it or how your customers think about it. So, it really is a must-have type of of technology, but obviously started out kind of really just focused on on social media, pushing out your ad campaigns, pushing out your organic campaigns, analyzing what's being said about your brand, um, social listening, that type of thing. But it's expanded quite a bit to enabling you to AB test on different products, uh, like I said, competitive intelligence, things like that. And it's become a much bigger sort of one-stop shop for a lot of these Fortune 500 companies. And and consequently, um, over half of of them use Sprinkler. um uh well over half of them use Sprinkler and um and we think that continues to grow. In Sprinkler's case, you know, it's kind of an 8020 in terms of how many how much of their revenues come from a sort of a a smaller um set of their customers. Um and so that's kind of what the company does. I think it it bears mentioning even though we said that we focus on sort of broken IPOs and dispacks of the last couple years, the way we came about finding Sprinkler was actually a little bit different. Um, you know, we've been increasingly using a lot of the AI tools that have come on the scene to better screen for ideas. I think it adds a lot of leverage in our investment process, in our screening process. And really what we want to use them for is is is helping with the pattern recognition. So, we have certain patterns, certain types of investments or things that that really interest us the most because we may have made money in the past with them or we see them as as particularly compelling opportunities and leveraging AI can really help those help us find those and process them faster. One of those, perhaps not surprisingly, and I'm sure some people on this call tend to look at these types of situations, is CEO change. CEO change can be a very positive catalyst over the medium to long term for a company. But historically, using sort of screening and filters to find instances of CEO change can lead to a lot of I wouldn't call them false positives, but when you cast that wide of a net, you can get a lot of things back. So that can be things like an interim CEO, maybe a chairman or someone off the board stepping in to be CEO because a company's going through something terrible. that's obviously not necessarily of interest or an internal promote CEO who's really just going to kind of keep things at the the way they were for us. It's things like outsider CEOs who are coming in combined with a stock price that may be down a lot. And then hopefully you can use AI to find well did that outsider CEO did he or she do something particularly special or interesting in their past or prior roles. And that's where I think um using this these AI tools to find it and in particular with Sprinkler where things got got really interesting. So, I'll pause there for a second if you had any questions, David, but I'm happy to. Yeah, I mean it sounds like the perfect thing to put into like an AlphaSense terminal um just to &gt;&gt; to be like, "Hey, I want to find turnaround situations uh where management quality is high or or you know the CEO has a great track record of success or has maybe sold a business in the past with a good outcome, you know, where you're not really um limiting the results in in too fine a manner, but you're you're kind of leaving room for interpretation. &gt;&gt; And maybe that's where some of the, you know, I think some of the language processing that they incorporate can be useful um and maybe pop a name like this onto your radar. So, I think it's great that you you were able to use that kind of a tool for um for something like this. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's it helps us sort of whittle down to like, okay, this is actually something worth spending time on. And then it really just becomes a question of figuring out, okay, well, why is the stock down? Why did the company even need to change CEOs in the first place in this case with Sprinkler in particular growth I mean this was a 2021 vintage IPO I'm sure you all remember during those periods that period of time the market was telling companies that were coming public sort of grow at any cost and then very quickly the markets changed and investors were demanding well actually I want you to be profitable too and even if that comes at the expense of growth I want to see that as well and sprinkler was kind of caught in the middle &gt;&gt; and that I'm assuming that coincided with um the rate hikes in 2022 &gt;&gt; absolutely absolely They just got smoked with the rest of the technology. &gt;&gt; Yeah, totally. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; so when it when it IPOed, what was the like IPO valuation roughly speaking? And &gt;&gt; um, &gt;&gt; uh, I think it was it roughly came public at like a two and I think a little under$2.5 billion dollar valuation. And the interesting about this story was um because 2021 was sort of the world was coming out of COVID the company had a year about a year before its IPO it needed it wanted to come public um and instead of coming public sort of during that time were doing perhaps a spa transaction Helman and Freeman the private equity group came to them and said look we'll we'll give you another six months a year of financing lifeline just let us invest and buy a stake in the business. So Helman and Freeman came in, bought a stake in the business. They actually ended up buying into the IPO as well and then buying even subsequent to the company coming public. &gt;&gt; Is that something Helman and Free I always associate Helman and Freeman with just you know kind of pure private equity? I I didn't realize they were in the business of buying public shares. Is that was that something that they they do kind of on a more one-off basis? And then I guess why were they doing that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a good question and and look, we haven't spoken with them um specifically about this. they sit on the board of the company. But I'll tell you, I think just looking at the other things that they've been involved with, short answer is no. I I I think you're absolutely right. Generally, a private equity group like that just tends to do actual straight LBOs. But when there are spaces that are particularly interesting thematically for them or they're seeing a lot of growth opportunity or perhaps they're seeing an opportunity to combine or find some synergistic um relationship with portfolio companies that they may already own, they're just going to want to get involved in any way that they can. And Helman Freiedman's interesting because they bought Zenesk. They have a stake in in Genesis. They have some other big stakes in and around this industry which I think makes it all the all the more interesting that they needed to they felt they needed to get involved with with Sprinkler at the time and are still actively involved with the company. &gt;&gt; And so they first got invested do you know roughly what year what stage the business that they &gt;&gt; Yeah. That was roughly about at you know north of $2 billion valuation when they got involved prior just prior to the IPO. &gt;&gt; Oh wow. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So they're and look this is again another rarity for private equity usually in public software they're usually sort of playing with house money in this case Helman Friedman is underwater like decently underwater in their investment here too which I think adds a little bit more juice to this story because generally private equity is not in the business of losing money on these software deals especially &gt;&gt; and what is their uh what is their economic stake &gt;&gt; so their economic stake this is the other interesting thing about this their economic stake is quite a bit different from their sort of voting stake here so on a combined basis uh Helman and Freriedman and and the founder of the business have roughly like 80% controlling interest in this from a voting perspective. From an economic perspective, you know, don't quote me on this, I think it's like call it 20%, something like that. Um, and from a voting perspective, I think them on their own might be something like, you know, a little bit sub 50%. So, um, so it's an interesting setup from that perspective just because of how strategic, you know, the asset is. You know, the question in our minds was, okay, look, that that's a very interesting setup in and of itself, but you never want to just bet on private equity takeout really being the the core of a of a thesis for investing in software. For us, the underwriting really came down to why did the growth slow so much here after this company came public and and where it fits in in, you know, sort of pattern recognition parallels to other other things we've seen or perhaps have invested in, which is this kind of classic story of a founder CEO taking a company public, having sort of tech vision, you know, running things tightly, but then when a business need hits that stage where it needs to sort of mature from a sales practice perspective, from retention, customer care, things like that, not really necessarily having that toolkit to do it. Which is why then you fast forward to needing to swap out for a CEO with maybe a proven track record in executing sort of turnarounds or or maturizing, you know, a SAS company. And that's kind of what the story uh has been here. You know, this company has had from the diligence we've done reviewing AlphaSense um transcripts doing Tikas and Alpha calls ourselves um trying to figure out exactly why the growth slowed here. Interesting about this scenario was the reasons the company gave for why growth slowed really matched up quite nicely to the research and conversations we had with former employees and with customers themselves for why did you turn perhaps or why do you think growth slowed and that really just came down to again sort of the block basic blocking and tackling of running a large-scale sort of fortune 500 focused enterprise SAS company. You know, we talked to several customers, large customers, like you take brands like Lululemon or Nike or Foot Locker, and you're like, "Oh, you love the product. You think the technology is great. You know, what's what's been the issue? Why have you considered turning? Why might have you turned?" And the answer 95% of the time was, "I think the product's great." I've had like three different salespeople or customer success managers in the last 12 months. There's just been insane churn, and they're trying to cross-ell and upsell me new things, but I'm trying to figure out how better I can use this very powerful product. And then you have a CEO who's come in who's basically said, "Look, we need to focus on the core of the business. We need to stabilize things. We need to take out all the people who sort of were kind of immature from the sales perspective and replace them with more mature sales people that I'll bring in from the companies I've already worked at before." And that's he's done exactly that. Over the last call it six months, this CEO has turned over, I'd venture to guess over 50% of sort of middle management and even upper management of this company. He's brought in his best lieutenants from the companies he's done turnarounds at prior to this, including Vonnage. &gt;&gt; Is this product Is this product kind of like Salesforce where you, you know, there's kind of the uh off the rack version of the product, but then you have to like really like almost like hire consultants to customize it for your own company and is that works? &gt;&gt; Yeah, it is. It's absolutely a bit like that. So you you get it like Salesforce you onboard right originally to just do kind of core CRM and then it turns out it's actually much much more powerful than that and that's exactly a good analogy to draw with sprinkler which is you may take it on to do one two three things and then it turns out actually it can do quite a bit more and you're paying a premium price for it. So, as a customer, you feel entitled to knowing and being trained on how else to use the product. And then you call up the company and the phone number you got is a different person and they don't have context for your account or your needs. And then you set up a meeting and then the next time you have that meeting to talk about how you could further use the product, it's like you had a different salesperson. And so that's it seems like a very basic and kind of odd thing to be have having caused such a big issue, but in reviewing transcripts and talking to customers, it consistently came back as the number one issue. It sounds like the kind of thing that you would not expect at like a $2 billion market cap company. You would expect that maybe at like a startup or something, but um because usually the big companies tend to be better at sales than they are at product. Um yeah, maybe that's not always the case, but um &gt;&gt; no, and this is absolutely the opposite case, which is they have a great product. And the founder, you know, deserves all the credit. He's been a visionary. This guy's been talking about AI since way before it was cool. I mean there's literally on record talking about AI and infusing AI into their products back in 2018 2019 and actually doing it you know using AI in their products and core well before you know you have the launch of chat JP &gt;&gt; what are what are sales now and have they stabilized is it is is the company growing again like what's kind of &gt;&gt; yeah so the the sales have stabilized somewhat but we're still like at sort of call it like minimal growth and the interesting thing if you pick apart the sales growth here is that we're sort of call it low low single digits and we've come down from a company that was growing in the 20s you know not all that long ago. The interesting thing about what is comprising the sales slowdown and what is the growth coming out of it that we hope for or we hope to see is sales have continuously, you know, been coming through the door. Gross new bookings, gross ads, gross revenue coming into the door has been very good. It's that net side, it's that retention side that really needed the work. And so the story here, which again is kind of different from other software companies, is really about just kind of stopping the leak in the bucket as opposed to getting more water in. and and arguably that's kind of an easier thing to do than going out and striking to get new business and competing in the marketplace. Their product sort of stands on its own and speaks for itself. It's really about keeping your existing customers happy. And the founder in this case again visionary has kind of had this broad vision of what he's wanted to deliver as a solution to customers. Really turned his focus about a year and a half ago to CCast contact center as a service and said I really want to build a best-in-class solution for CCast. I want my salespeople selling nothing but that. And why is that problematic? That's problematic because sprinkler is historically sold to the CMO group. It's historically sold to the marketing group at a Fortune 500 company. Contact center as a service is actually usually sold to the CIO group. So, it's a completely different um stakeholder. It's a completely different constituency where the company historically didn't or sales people really didn't have a relationship in going to sell and you've changed all their incentives and you've changed the focus of the company to try to go chase the new thing without worrying about the core product and retention there. And so this new CEO is really just kind of unwinding that. And so we would expect revenue growth to sort of go back and climb back steadily to double digits. And we were already seeing green shoots from that perspective in net revenue retention in the customer conversations that we're having. Some customers actually coming back and realizing, hey, there's been a culture change here and there's been, you know, more continuence here. So um that's kind of how I'd unpack the revenue growth. &gt;&gt; And is it is it typically like a a yearly contract and what are they? &gt;&gt; Yeah, generally these are shorter term. The interesting thing about some of these new growth vectors that they're pursuing are those can be multi-year contracts. But yes, historically these are kind of year or sub one-year contracts. And so the the the cash flow dynamics are actually improving as they grow into some of these longer duration contracts &gt;&gt; like they charge upfront or is it more of a monthly? Yeah, they charge historically they've charged upfront and so when you sign but again on a year contract you may only charge like a quarter upfront and so you're only getting paid four times a year for every month as opposed to in most cases if you're signing say a two three four year contract you're getting paid your full 12 months upfront at the beginning of every anniversary &gt;&gt; and and when people are turning like where are they going like what what is the competition for this &gt;&gt; great it's a great question and it's also probably speaks to why we think some of these customers are actually coming back there's not any one specific like sort of pure peer-to-play competitor to everything that these guys offer. I think that's part of the strength is having this suite, having this endto-end solution. It also speaks to its defensibility against sort of what's happening in AI or what a lot of people are worried about is happening in AI with software, but generally they're going to point solutions. So, you may develop, you may go and hire Sprouto to go do some of your social listening, but then you're going to go have to potentially get another solution for ad ad campaigns. You're going to have to get another solution for customer care when people are calling into your call center. And so in 99% of cases when we look at what customers are doing if they've left is they're just getting different point solutions and sort of stitching them together which look is is difficult is difficult to do because they don't speak to each other. &gt;&gt; And when you add up all of these different use cases is it cheaper to just use CXM than to use like multiple vendors for you know social media listening and marketing campaigns and something else. In some cases, it could be cheaper if you're really going to sort of low-end point solutions. Like, you could probably save a buck. I mean, this is a a premium product at at somewhat of a premium price, but from a ROI perspective, from like a complexity perspective over the media in the long term, it probably gets more expensive because it's not as well integrated. You need to find different pieces in different places. So, I look, just as an example, you're a Fortune 500 company and say you have, I don't know, 10 different brands. Your beverage company, you have 10 different soft drinks. you have 10 different sparks of waters. You have a social media handle for each of those and then there's permissioning for each of those because you can't have the same person tweeting from each one and you have controls around that. I mean, god forbid you hire an intern and in the summer they take over one of those social media accounts and tweet something objectionable out there. It's a disaster. So, you have to have all of these sort of enterprisegrade controls over all of these things. When you're dealing with multiple point solutions from different places, it makes it harder to do that. &gt;&gt; And what is the average revenue per customer uh B? I mean, is this like a six-figure or seven figure kind of thing? What what are we talking about? &gt;&gt; So, they've it is it is a six-figure thing. And of the call it they've got something in the like mid 10,000 I want to say like 1500,600 customers roughly 7%. So, something like 150 customers or so are north of a million dollars in ARR. &gt;&gt; So, very big contracts with some very big customers. &gt;&gt; Were they were they like a VCbacked company originally or what? Who do you know? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean I think they followed the traditional route. the founder of the business had already founded and sold a business prior to founding CXM. He's like very much a technologist. Um so Battery Ventures was a I think a big owner in this like I said you had Helman Freiedman. &gt;&gt; Um and so um and then venture again kind of the life cycle of like coming public stock immediately going down is slowly part of this overhang is the venture guys have to get out eventually too. And so that's you know sort of part of the story here. &gt;&gt; Yeah that's super interesting. Um and so today what what is the valuation of the I mean do you look at it just on PE or what how do you what metrics kind of do you look at here? &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can look at it on EVA because the company's the company's generating EVID you know they given quarter to quarter they generate cash they're sitting on a whole stock I think about roughly a quarter of the market cap is in cash at this point and they've been aggressive buyers of their stock and they've been bought back at effectively I think generally altogether about a $10 level. Um, so they've been aggressive buyers of their stock. I I think as a percentage of the float, it's been like over 20% of the float they bought back for a company that hasn't been public all that long. And so when we look at it, look, we think the stock is could easily be a double. And really in software, as you well know, a lot of valuation is tied to growth. And so I think a lot of this story is going to be hinging on what the growth trajectory looks like. the CEO in in very short order really only with two threequarters under his belt has already driven IBIDA up something like 60%. The margins of IBA margins have come up something like 6 or 700 basis points. So he's taken already a lot of cost out of the business. He did an immediate riff and and and let go of something like 15% of the workforce. He got a lot. &gt;&gt; Let's take a step back. Um tell us about Rory Reid. Um I mean he seems to have like a really impressive Fortune 500 background. Um, and so I'm curious like why would he come to a, you know, a small cap publicly traded company after working at AMD and Dell and places like that? Like I'm just curious like he's probably not simply looking to double the business. Um I'm I assume he's looking for an order of magnitude step change in terms of the value of this business, but I would love to hear about his background and you know what he's said about why he's even here like what what's his &gt;&gt; motivation. It's funny you we've asked him this directly too and so he likes to say he's come to run this business really for three reasons. One is the technology stack. So when he looks at the technology space specifically in this sector he thinks that Sprinkler has the best tech in the space. Two is the gold-plated customer list. So he looks at the customers that they have and the opportunity for expansion there and who these customers represent and he's very attracted by that. And then very frankly he said number three is he wants to make money and the stock trades for under two times sales. And so to your point he's looking for probably multiples of upside relative to where the stock is trading. And you're absolutely right. I mean this company's punching pretty well above its weight class in terms of the quality of CEO they were able to go out and recruit to take this gig. He told us when he had left. So he had his last job just prior to this was as CEO of Vonnage and Vonnage itself was going through a complete transition from being sort of a BTOC business. Vonnage was like doing VOIP phones if you remember to becoming a contact center as a service sort of enterprise or business focused B2B business. And he doubled that stock in in two years. He ended up selling that business to Ericson. And so he had a lot of opportunity after leaving that. He said he had six or seven opportunities to go work for other companies in software after he left. and he was most drawn to this his prior roles, you know, even prior to Vonnage, he was the CEO of AMD and he brought in Lisa Sue. He did a bunch of change and turnout and sort of positioned AMD for a lot of success and brought in his next CEO. &gt;&gt; Hopefully, he kept some shares of AMD. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't think he's hurting financially too, which is the interesting thing as well for why, you know, the motivation of like why to take, you know, why to take a role like this. &gt;&gt; But after AMD, he became sort of Michael Dell's right-hand man. So he spearheaded the integration of EMC when Dell acquired EMC and obviously VMware and he integrated all those businesses. He also uh grew and exited a few businesses within the Dell umbrella for multiple billions of dollars. So he's been charged with a lot of Michael Dell success and the Dell organization success there as well. And so um look he's had a big background. He says that this is his sixth or seventh sort of turnaround. And the interesting thing about what he does at each successive turnaround because we've seen it happen here at Sprinkler is he turns over a ton of middle management. He turns over a ton of people and he tends to bring over the most successful people from the prior businesses he's worked at. So already at Sprinkler, you know, a couple quarters in, he's turned over a bunch of management. He's actually added people to the board as well who have been board members at IBM or at EMC or Advantage. and he's brought in a bunch of salespeople and operational folks as well uh at the organizational level. So, he brings his best performers from the last couple companies he's been at and driven a bunch of value at and he brings them over here too and they're clearly following sort of the leader and that playbook that he's had. &gt;&gt; Um and so like when we met with him not that long ago too, we were asking like look this looks like a lot of people to turn over. Like how has it looked before? And he's like oh this is nothing. I've been at my prior companies, I've turned over 50, 60, 70% of the people to get the best performers I can possibly get into these businesses to, you know, effectuate change. The other interesting thing about that turnover side and actually bringing it back to AI, you know, we trial at Stokepoint, we trial all kinds of AI products because we're really interested and hungry to see how we can get the most leverage and and uh two months ago we started triing an AI short service like so something that troves a lot of different data to look for different alternative sources of edge and using AI to contextualize it and sprinkler actually came up flagged as a great short of their list of like a hundred potential shorts and it's actually a very easy context. Wait, what is this service called? &gt;&gt; This one's called Canary. &gt;&gt; Um, and it's a really it's a really interesting uh service. It's founded by a really interesting guy with a good background in shortselling. Uh, I think I think he was a Tiger Cub. And so he looks for a lot of these markers. And what is one of the markers? &gt;&gt; Oh, wait. What's What's the guy's name? I think I know who uh &gt;&gt; um his first name is Joe. His last name is escaping me. &gt;&gt; Joe. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Smart. Great product. &gt;&gt; It vaguely rings a bell. But so it showed up as a as a short and then were you able to figure out why it was flagged as a short? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. And and and and you you sort of step back and you realize when you think about like where we are in AI in financial services or in fundamental investing it makes all the sense in the world the turnover was massive right so what do you what did you can see when sea level like there's an 8K right when a sea level executive departs a company you can see that there's not all that much but LinkedIn data which is part of what Canary plugs into shows a bunch of middle management leaving. So it almost leaves like a bunch of like a bunch of rats fleeing the sinking ship, right? But actually when you step back and contextualize it and you realize there's a guy here who's coming and he's getting rid of anybody who thought was sort of endemic to the problem, it actually becomes from being a, you know, in our view a good short to potentially a great long because this guy's effectuating a lot of change and he's following a playbook that he already did. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean it's like Yeah. It's like it's like when Washington DC goes blue to red. I mean everyone gets fired. That's kind of what you expect. Um, so if there's a new CEO like you would expect him to bring on a new head of sales, &gt;&gt; you know, a new head of account management like whatever like maybe like all those guys did he now but the other question did he change any of the engineering folks um or product folks or was that kind of left alone? So most of the changes he made were mostly to customerf facing people because that was our diligence showed his own diligence showed internally that that was the biggest problem was how we're treating our customers how we're dealing with retention. I mean he says he came in I think in like October of last year and his sales folks and his retention folk I mean the retention folks wasn't really even a group were talking about contracts that were coming up for renewal in December and he's like are you guys kidding me we're talking about this in October? We should be talking about this six months before we should be in front of these customers. We should be showing them how better they can use the product, what other products we can sell. We shouldn't be calling them at the 11th hour to do that. So most of those changes early on were in that. That said, the company has had a lot of engineering and talent uh sourced in India. So most of their product development, engineering, and R&amp;D teams are in India. He's made the I think somewhat um contrarian move to actually now hiring more in North America and in Western Europe where it's obviously more expensive to hire these folks. But the reason he's doing it is he he says look our road map needs to be tied to more where our customers are. So our customers want to tell us what their pain points are. We need to have engineers who can actually visit them. And then you have roles like what are called technical sales roles. So you have people who spend maybe twothirds of their time actually working on new products, working on R&amp;D, but they accompany a salesperson to a meeting to try to figure out what the pain points are for a customer. It's much harder to do for someone sitting in India than it is if they're sitting a couple hours away, you know, here in the US. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I think the key point here is um that and the really the key question is like does the product deliver the value that it's designed to deliver? And if it does um then it's just a it's a marketing game or you know sales sort of strategy like to get it in front of folks and all that. Um, and it's it's it's interesting that you've got gotten a lot of positive product feedback and yet there's this churn issue. But assuming they can solve for that um from a balance sheet standpoint, the company is super healthy it sounds like. Um, you know, um, is there a TAM problem here? Like or do you feel like that's actually that's why the CEO joined? like there's enormous like how much upside does he see in terms of the number of enterprises that want this kind of a all-in-one solution to marketing like &gt;&gt; it is a little different it is and I we noted this as well I think in our in our write up on some zzero as well I wouldn't call it a TAM problem but we are playing in sort of a different inning than perhaps we were 10 years ago with this company 10 years ago not every Fortune 500 company took their social media presence as seriously thinking about their brand equity thinking about these types of things. I'd venture to guess a 100% of Fortune 500 companies have somebody employed at the company, working on that type of strategy, managing our brand on online properties, thinking about how marketing integrates with social media strategy, how we launch campaigns, how we think about customer interactions, right? If you're if you have customers tweeting at you on X and saying, "Look, I'm having a terrible experience with your product." 10 years ago, you may not have been aware of that or you may not have been acknowledging that. Now, it's kind of table stakes, right? So from a TAM perspective, it's both good and bad. It's good because all of your customers are now aware they need a solution here. This is a real this is a real pocket of your spend that is a must have and not a nice to have. But on the flip side, it's not totally green field anymore. So growth for somebody like Sprinkler has to come at the expense of mostly point solutions really here. So you're when sprinkler's knocking on doors now getting new business, it's really on the basis of here's why our product is better than the other products out there as opposed to here's why you need this product because this is the way the world is now and you don't have anything to address. &gt;&gt; Do they have like an SMB solution that's like not necessarily a six-figure kind of thing, but along &gt;&gt; they do, but the CEO is quite clear and this is again a laser focused guy. He's very clear that they're not interested in the SMB market anymore, that his predecessor was, and that it was just not time nor dollar efficient for them to really try and sell what is a very fullyfeatured powerful product to an SMB. His point of view is, look, let the SMBs buy the point solutions. I want to go to our customers and I want to get all of our customers to be seven figure customers on a recurring revenue basis by consuming all of our products. &gt;&gt; Was was Helman Friedman the like did they tap him to be CEO or how was he pulled into this? I think he I think they were heavily involved in the decision. I don't know if they in particular pulled him in or it was somebody else and they did the diligence and involved but I know that they were heavily involved in this too and you have a good board here and look you still have a founder with quite a bit of stock and quite a bit of voting control too. So obviously he had a say in this. Um I think in this case the founder has sort of stepped back. You know my understanding of the of the situation which you would you know which which makes all the sense in the world is if you're Rory Reid you've already been very successful at much larger companies. you come into this situation with a company that where Helman and Freriedman and this founder own a lot of the stock and effectively control it. You're going to say, "Look, I don't want to be a yes man to anybody else. I need to be in control of my own destiny." I think part of the way he balanced that or mitigated that is he brought over a couple board members. He appointed to the board a couple people that have had a familiarity with him from Vonnage or from IBM and sort of balanced out the board dynamic to make it a little bit easier for him to make sure that he's retaining control. any catalysts that um you're kind of looking for here or is it? &gt;&gt; Yeah, look at this point I think the catalysts are really going to be um revenue growth driven and that's going to be borne out obviously in earnings there. You could get here again these are large accounts that these guys sign and they do from time to time press release some of these too. So you may get a press release here or there that they've signed a very large account. You know, perhaps a global account on new products like the CCAST product, but really I think the catalysts here are going to be earnings driven. I would expect in the in sort of the back half of the year we're going to see accelerating growth in the business. He's talked about the way they've guided the business to have effectively adequate conservatism in there. He doesn't feel like he needs to be a hero in talking about this, but this is somewhat of a show me story. I think this is why the stock trades down here is because effectively the street is implying they don't think the the revenue growth is going to get materially better from here. If that's proven wrong, if this company can return to double digit growth, the multiple here on a multiple basis alone, if you regress all of SAS out there and say where are companies that are growing 10% plus trading, it's significantly higher multiples than here. And I think that's really going to be part of the show me. I think the other interesting dynamic here is the street. I mean, investors are generally kind of just, you know, not giving him any credit for a track record that is otherwise pretty stellar. Part of that may be you have a an overhang here with VCs selling and you have a founder here who still owns a lot of stock and perhaps people realize or don't realize that Helman and Freiedman's probably on margin not a seller of this business here. They're probably more of a buyer here. Um, and so I think those things are, you know, have sort of mixed in to create this kind of show me type scenario that we're in with the stock. But all the has been an overhang on all software. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So on the AI front, like you had made the point in your report that you you actually don't think they're a casualty of AI, but they might actually benefit from AI. Can you just delve into that a little bit? &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, I they already um use a lot of AI in their products and in the customer conversations that we've had when we ask them like, look, why do you think this is a better product? Some of the customers have been citing that they've had AI in here already. If you think about the way AI helps um with a product that's powerful like this, there's a lot of capabilities, but customers are not like especially in the marketing side, they're not coders. They're not necessarily engineering oriented. So to set up some of the some of the screens is not the right word, but to set up some of the notifications, some of the campaigns that you might use sprinkler to set up, AI can really be helpful in in plain language, putting in what you need, what you're trying to achieve with a certain campaign, what data you're trying to extract. And using AI, this product can deliver you those answers much more quickly. It wasn't a week ago or maybe two weeks ago, they had their big user conference. And in that user conference, they unveiled an AI chatbot that basically ties in all of the different products together and gives you answers in sort of a single chat window or single pane of glass. Not only gives you answers, but allows you to actually push things out using it. So that that AI, you know, chatbot actually has agency and can do that. And so that's the the pockets and areas in which I think AI can be really powerful because again, if you go back to what are the alternatives out there for customers, it's piecing together different point solutions. Um, and that's tough to unify under, you know, one AI umbrella to give your AI or your IT tech stack agency to go do things. It's dangerous, right? You, God forbid the AI tweet something or share something or push something out that you didn't, you know, approve, but Sprinkler has all of those controls in place. And then I think the other thing on the AI side is I mean let's talk about the general AI I think overhang on all of software which we could debate all day and everybody on this call could debate all day is justified or not. Is what is the impact of AI going to have on both vertical and horizontal software? You know I could say it's been hard to see so far AI having a meaningful impact. Yep. Not to say that it's not going to but in the context of sprinkler the threat would really have to be a customer and look for 500 companies are well resourced. a customer deciding, I'm gonna build this myself. I'm gonna replicate it, some most all of what Sprinkler does with using AI myself. I'm gonna hire a couple people to code it and I'm going to maintain it that way. It just seems a lot harder. Or is it or is it or is it the risk of like Meta doing that and then going to Coca-Cola and saying like look not only are we the distribution channel for your ads but like we're going to make those ads and help you track those ads and help you listen to social media chatter. Like is that the the sort of fear that &gt;&gt; it is it is part of it is part of the risk although I wouldn't say that that's necessarily an AI risk. So, take social listening for example. What is social listening? It's basically being able to know when you're being talked about. It's like every teenage girl's dream, but for a brand, it's like being able to know when you're being talked about anywhere on the web. And that's what social listening is. Over time, Meta has definitely evolved its tools to just offer brands a little bit more insight for when they're being talked about and deliver notifications. But those social listening tools are, you know, pretty, you know, they're pretty basic ultimately. But what Meta is not going to be able to deliver is where am I being tick- tockked about? where am I being tweeted about? Where am I being talked about on Reddit? That type of thing. And that's where something all-encompassing like a sprinkler can deliver. So perhaps you could code together and slap together between each of those social networks giving you that unified view. Um but that's very difficult to do. You may miss things and the algorithms at each of these underlying social networks changes and there are new social networks and new places to talk about your brands or businesses popping up every day. So, you know, &gt;&gt; maybe maybe there's a conflict of interest in having the channel also give you reporting. &gt;&gt; Exactly. We've been in that, right? Facebook's been in that hot water before, too. Giving you a little bit of a optimistic view of how your ads are being delivered in the RO. &gt;&gt; That's that's I've definitely come across reports like that. Um, and I imagine the same risk would exist at Tik Tok and &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; LinkedIn or whatever. I mean, um, super interesting. I mean, I I um I I think it's most interesting that Helman and Freeman like is underwater on publicly held shares that they've been, you know, buying in the public markets. Like that's fascinating. Um and I I also think it's really interesting that a guy who used to be, you know, CEO of AMD or, you know, much larger companies is somehow found himself in a much smaller &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Um you know, and and uh &gt;&gt; and this is likely his last gig, too. like he's look he's done a number of these. He's not a spring chicken and he he'll be the first to admit when you talk to him that this is probably his last and final act. &gt;&gt; Is the lowhanging fruit &gt;&gt; people like their last and final act to be a great one. So &gt;&gt; yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, I agree. Um, is is you think from from his standpoint the lowhanging fruit is more just getting better salespeople in the mix or is it just kind of cost cutting bloat kind of headcount that maybe isn't necessarily like like &gt;&gt; I think it's more the former as they've identified the problem is really and it's not necessarily even sales people because sales sort of implies like sort of gross new revenues coming into the door. I actually don't think they feel like they have a huge problem with getting new revenue in the door. It's that retention of the existing customer base. So, it's more the customers this what you're historically called um customer success managers CSMs although he's changed even that acronym to something else internally and the name is escaping me but it &gt;&gt; management &gt;&gt; yeah it's basically that it's making sure you're in front of the customer that they're using your product to the fullest you know capabilities of it so that they're seeing the real value in it because it is it's a powerful tool &gt;&gt; it's also the perfect sum zero idea off the radar no sellside coverage um or at least no meaningful also coverage. Um, but Raj, unless we missed anything, I think we can wrap it up. This has been super interesting as always. Um, but yeah, did we cover the Yeah, I think that's pretty much it. Obviously, the writeup is on is on is on some zero. Um, I think the other interesting thing about this, not only that it was surfaced using AI, but I think this is like we love these ideas that are sort of very easily in a in a way diligenceable and it lends itself very well to Teus calls or AlphaSense calls and there are transcripts up there on that. There are transcripts up on other expert networks as well where you can sort of really go and dig into because look, anytime a company tells you anything for why something's happening, investors should question it. I think what's interesting about this is they told you exactly why they think they had a churn issue and you can go and talk to customers and former employees and verify if they're actually saying the same thing. And in this case, we think the calls overwhelmingly support that. But it's a a very diligenceable idea from that perspective too, which we like. &gt;&gt; Super interesting. Well, thanks for uh sharing this with us uh Raj. This is great. We're looking forward to uh our next discussion. But um thank you again for taking the time. &gt;&gt; You're welcome. Thanks for having me.
