---
ticker: CXM
type: youtube
title: "Outcome-based CX - a new perspective to CXM"
channel: "CRMKonvos"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxP8e2h2148
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 58638
---

# Outcome-based CX - a new perspective to CXM

## 视频信息
- **频道**: CRMKonvos
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxP8e2h2148

## 转录全文

[Music] Hey, hey, hey. Good morning, good afternoon, good evening wherever you are on your screen. It is Tuesday evening in Germany and it's time for a CRM conversation. Today we are uh quite flexible, adaptable and uh so to say we reacted agile to a situation which came up and we're grateful that Graham jumped in on um a spot our friend Kenneth Christensen opened unwillingly through to his illness. We wish him all the best here from um our end that he recovers fast and that we can join in on the 2nd of September on his topic on global partner management and all what is coming around with this. Having said that we had last time an interesting learning experience on outcomebased CX approaches. Now this was the reason why I on an instant thought about giving not only Dr. G a note that we are discussing this with Trent Rasini but hoped at that time that he might jump in with some comments. So it even became better. He is here live on your screens and we are approaching that topic from a different angle and look more into the opportunities out of his experiences and what we learned so far over the time years ages so to say and especially last Tuesday. But before we start off our conversation, I'm curious that not all of you will know Dr. G. He is today not only our special guests, a special guest, but um we welcome a true pioneer in the world of customer centric transformation. He was chief innovation officer's optima partners and one of the most respective voices in customer relationship management in customer experience. He is very active. You can read a lot of him and you have just to drop by LinkedIn. He's also very knowledgeable and he is always stunning us with some of the quotes out of that you have the impression an encyclopedia will not match with what he has towards his eyes and in his head and on his mind with over 20 years of hands-on experience leading high impact transformation projects across industries from automative to aviation telecoms and financial services. Graeme is not just a strategist but a practitioner who actually done this stuff. A CRM legend Paul Greenberg, greetings, puts it in and um a quote. Graeme is known for his bold thinking, framework driven approach and his ability to challenge conventional wisdom. He is described as an econocclast, a man of strong convictions, someone who can buck the hell out of you, but always with something to back it up. Now, having said that, I don't want to get blushing again, uh, such as not only from the heat under your roof, but what uh, I give statements. What did I miss, Graham? And welcome again. &gt;&gt; Not a lot really. I think that um other than the fact I was never chief innovation officer at Optima but a senior associate for many many years other than that I think it's pretty accurate. Lovely. And um jumping in, you made some comments on where the development as we um had another conversation on user adoption over the ages and over the development of CRM towards CX. Um, what is from your perspective outcomebased CX and what does it mean in the context of modern customer experience management? And where the heck are the hooks where you dig in and say, "Ah, take a different perspective, please." Then you have more fun. Go for it. &gt;&gt; Is that is that a question or is it like an encyclopedic answer you're looking for? Because that actually is a whole load of questions all rolled into one. So let let's try and pick two &gt;&gt; my friend. Pick one and go for it. &gt;&gt; Pick a couple actually. So the first one is this notion of customer experience. I don't actually talk about the customer experience normally. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I normally talk about this the customer service experience. So that's not about customer service. What you get after the sale, but it's about the customer. It's about the service they come to you for. That's what they come to you for. They come to you for service, for help, for support, for something else where they can't get it done themselves. &gt;&gt; Mh. It's about the experience of what they get. So my view has always been and I've written about it quite extensively is that customers come for a service, we provide a service, we help them to get things done and the an experience at the same time. They're too inextricable. If you deliver bad service, you're probably going to have a bad experience. If you deliver great service, you're probably going to have a good experience. We need to focus on the service and the and the service, not the customer and not the experience. focus on the services that you will come in &gt;&gt; service that you know sorry for interrupt Graeme but if you if you talk of service this is more than just like customer service right &gt;&gt; absolutely so if I if I take a more fundamental perspective on service it's the exchange of competences and capabilities for the benefit of another so I do something to help you that's providing you with a service normally we would exchange service so you give something to me I give something to you. That might be another service in return, information, support, help. It might also be money or a tool for me to use for example. So this exchange fundamental to service dominant logic that now permeates most of at least academic service thinking and increasingly service design thinking is really quite important. It's not just customer service. It's the whole provision of support, help, and capabilities to help somebody else get something done. So to go back to your earlier, you know, your earlier question about what's really important in in CX. So I think over over a period of time, I mean CX has been around for a long time. As I was saying in the preamble before, I drew my first journey map in the term in in terms of a service blueprint in 1995 for Ford of Godland in fact on a piece of work I was doing for them as a as a private support for the head of marketing. Um the experience economy was published in 1998 or 1999 what about that time? three four years later and for me that was a foundation the start of the customer experience movement as it's become known and over time it's grown and expanded it's very widely used but we have several problems that we've seen and you know I don't want to label this because everybody's talked about them to death already we have a problem in that often people in charge of CX aren't in charge of any of the interactions or any of the service touch points where the experience is delivered They're not in charge of sales, not in charge of marketing, not in charge of service, not in charge of operations, not in charge of uh product development or any of those things that actually create the interactions that you're going to have with us and when you get service. So they have to influence from afar that's always going to be a difficult position particularly second point if you don't have any resources. So I with a I worked with a major UK telco a few years ago doing something completely different but I sat next to the CX team and we got on really well together. They had a team of five people. Marketing had 400 people. &gt;&gt; Oops. &gt;&gt; They had no real power and authority to get anything done. &gt;&gt; Um and what has come out of that I think over the years is recognition that it's actually really really hard to make CX create meaningful differentiation. We step back one second. And the second if you look at contemporary strategy today we recognize there are only two sources of competitive differentiation. You can either be the lowest cost provider or you can provide meaningful defation that's meaningful for customers. Um customer service isn't a low cost strategy typically even for Rhino it's not a low cost strategy it's about it's about other things. Um so in order to be successful with customer experience it has to be provide meaningful differentiation. Yet if I look at the Institute for Customer Service um quarterly UK CSI scores &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Um even though it's gone up a little bit over the last over the last quarter, a couple of year a year ago it had reached a 10-year low with the with the complaint handling dragging it down significantly year after year after year. And you only have to look on LinkedIn to look at all those disaster stories from people talking to airlines and banks and utilities and telos. It's a disaster. Customer service is a disaster and service generally is a disaster. So it doesn't seem to have really worked and and what we find when we talk to the CFO is they don't believe it creates economic value. We know how to make it create economic but that's not what the CX people typically do because they don't have the authority or the responsibility actually to make it happen. So it ends up in a difficult position whereby they don't have the staff. They don't have the authority. They don't have the backing of the CFO. It's very hard to produce meaningful differentiation the company to marketplace. It's really really hard to make success. Which is why I don't I think we need to move on from CX as was and start to think about other things instead. &gt;&gt; Isn't aren't there two major problems involved in that? One being that okay there are these five CX people. They may or may not own something. But the concentration of CX initiatives usually and regularly is focused on individual touch points. Means there is probably a local optimization going on without looking at the the whole job that customers actually want to achieve means the journey that they are on. This is part one and part two is I still rarely see CX initiative or CX professionals being able to tie their objectives and their goals into strategic business objectives. &gt;&gt; That is a challenge. So let's tackle the in the incremental nature of CX. So you being incremental is not a problem. So if you look at most innovation in most large corporations 99% of the innovation is incremental changes kaizen and those sorts of things making small changes in fact companies like Toyota I don't know if you can see this &gt;&gt; 40 years 20 million ideas this is book's a few years old now but it describes the Toyota describes the Toyota suggestion system that I when I was working with Toyota and it's extraordinarily effective at producing big changes through that 1% improvement every every week or every quarter over time that produce big changes. So that that's not really a fundamental problem that the problem is that I think that as you pointed as we talked about a minute ago you you may produce incremental changes or want to be make small changes make small improvements but you don't have the power to implement them. You have to go and talk to marketing by improving how they do campaigning and campaign response management. You have to go to talk to sales or or customer customer support or or whatever or customer success as uh as key account management now according B2B. So you don't have the power to make those changes. You have to go and talk to somebody else and persuade them. And all very always very very busy and their budgets are always very very tight. They're doing other things. They get measured and managed and monitored against. So you have to find a way to get your small change, your small improvement into their budget into their timetable otherwise you have to wait till next year and the whole thing starts again. &gt;&gt; Maybe but shouldn't the little optimization be part of a bigger plan as said a little earlier in in our pre-alk. So it's the way of thinking big while acting small. I understand. &gt;&gt; Don't don't not it's about not forgetting the the main objective. &gt;&gt; That's fine. I think I think we always need to have in in managing in facilitating change. Very careful about my use of words. We don't manage change. We facilitate change. Management implies control. We don't have change control of a lot of change that goes on in organizations not cultural change. So we facilitate change. older approaches like Cot's approach and Seni's approach and all the other ones or or the prosai approach are driven by a model where you have typically for large change programs in North Star a future state you want to get to and then you have all these complicated plans to get there but 80% of those fail. So over the years I've I was trained in I think 2009 by Dave Snowden's Kneffin organiz or cognitive organization the Kfin way of thinking um and I've learned by doing the approach to what they they call SGI mapping that provides a powerful toolkit to rather than plan everything out in detail which is going to fail anyway when something changes um you think about the direction of travel and then you're able to make lots of small changes You're accentuating the things that are positive that you think you want to happen. You're damping down the negative things that you really don't want to happen. You're looking at things you can't change and see if they if they adapt and change over the future like regulations and what what does that mean? &gt;&gt; And you're looking at things that can very easily tip things if they change out of your control and try to dampen those down as well. &gt;&gt; And then you can go forward in a series of steps to facilitate change. So change through a thousand small um interventions rather than through this large humongous plan that has a very low probability of ever coming to pass. But I will say in all my years of consulting, I've been consulting for 35 years now. I've only experienced one successful transformation. One out of 35 years, maybe 40 large clients. That one transformation was the British Airways turnaround in the late 80s. &gt;&gt; When Mrs. actually basically said either you become fit for privatization by becoming doing whatever you need to do and they chose to become customer oriented driven by Lord Marshall and and and Lord King Colin Marshall at the time and Lord King as as CEO and chairman or I will close the airline down because we don't need a loss making airline a few years later the most amazing ch textbook change program you've ever I've ever seen they did the impossible and and managed that transformation I have never seen anywhere in even vaguely remotely successful transformation in all my years working with with large corporate clients. &gt;&gt; Unfortunately, they did not continue their successful path. &gt;&gt; That's another story. That was the arrival of Bob Ailing and and focus on cus cutting and trying to keep pace with the American Airlines, but that's a different story. That's when they lost their lost their mojo as it were. &gt;&gt; Yes. and um giving me that hint on different perspectives, I would like to share Tony's comment that customer experience is highly subjective experience directly related to expectations. Low expectations and price easier to exceed expectations. People also have wildly different preferences which make differentiation possible and valuable. And of course Tony is exactly right. You know we we've had models like the zone of tolerance around for 30 40 50 years now. So you know most customers have for most most customers in in a simple world we'll talk about more complicated world in a minute. In a simple world they have a a a range of things they expect. they have a maximum expected service and a minimal but acceptable service and providing in between the two then you pretty much okay if you're towards the top that's good because that provides you element of differentiation but as Tony says people want different things uh and and that changes over time any with your experience so as we get more experienced we adapt our our perceptions of what's possible and what we actually think is is going to get we're going to get anyway um we don't change what we're trying to do typically that's one of the things we found is we We talk about customer jobs. They don't change typically very much at all. But we change our expectations based on what we've found has worked in the past and what we think will work this time. That can go up and down based on what you experience of course. And of course, if you can manage those things, then you can provide a little differentiation. But the thing I would point out, I point out two things here. One of those is not all customers are equally valuable. So those that come to you because you've won a sales promotion. So I worked with a great guy called Vim Rampen a few years ago at a Dutch insurance company and he had an almighty battle with their sales department. I was very very happy to boast about the increasing sales figures for automotive insurance &gt;&gt; until Vim pointed out they have to keep customers for two years before they made any money on them. They average an average left after one and a bit years. So you you you selling yourself into penary as a consequence. So selecting the customers in a commercial environment, the commercials that you want to deal with, they're probably going to be what Joe Rubenson calls the movable middles. those that have the biggest return on investment in in marketing, sales, and service because they're probably going to buy one more holiday or one more meal or one more whatever it is. &gt;&gt; Rather than those that always lose your money or those that are going to be loyal to you no matter what you do, which you don't need to spend a lot more money on anyway other than keeping them happy by doing what you've always done in the past. That that's the first thing you and the second the second point is I think it it's easy to overdo things. &gt;&gt; You know we don't customers talk about being customer orient companies talk about being customer oriented. You can read it in their annual reports and the CEOs talk about it on investor calls. When you go and when you go and talk to customers often reality is somewhat different. There was that famous Bane study years ago. Remember that one? the service delivery gap study in 2005 that found that 80% of managers thought they provided a superior customer experience &gt;&gt; of customers agreed with them and I have seen other studies from deote and others in the meantime that basically shows the same figures plus or minus so we think we're doing a great job but customers beg to differ uh so until we understand what customers really want or more likely what they're actually going through because it's not about understanding needs as a static item. It's about understanding their experiences as you know as as as a field rather than a journey. All those things pulling you different directions as you go through and your experience emerges over time. If we don't understand those things, how can we co-design or co-create or co-produce, co-compose service solutions together with customers that actually meet their needs? And as Tony says, not all customers have the same needs. even in quite serious things. So there was a bit of research a few years ago by VGO um micoall Kennedy and I can't remember the author I think it's Patterson looking at cocreation styles of health service patients these are people ongoing cancer treatment and what they found in their research was that some customers or some patients just wanted to leave it to the professionals to get on with it and they accept whatever comes along. Some patients want to be involved in every decision, want to be informed, want to have decision-m authority throughout throughout their entire treatment. And there were lots of little groups in the middle and I think I think they found five groups in total all wanting different things. So if you want to serve all these customers, you need to be able to understand what they want and and how you give it to them. That leads us to the second point which is you'll have heard of Ross Ashby's law of requisite variety. So the more variety we want to deal with, more variety we need in our internal processes and systems to deal with that variety. Variety gets variety. So which points us back again to trying to understand who our target customers are and focusing around those in a commercial environment or in a in a more of a commercial but more like healthcare or financial services or other things where we put we have a a duty to serve customers. Mhm. &gt;&gt; It's thinking about how can we provide service to more of our patients or more of our customers by using adaptive design approaches and co-omposition approaches. We'll come to that in a &gt;&gt; I was just asking myself as you mentioned a lot of research and um the expectation management and that it is quite tricky to catch them when you were good or that you more catch them when you were not performing to their liking then they give you some response. How do you catch them in the right moment and with what would you uh like to catch them for their &gt;&gt; feelings? What a great question. &gt;&gt; The living experience. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it is I mean there are is a great question. I mean it and it's quite an important question. So &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; you know, for example, from the research of um some of the behavioral scientists um scholars that a negative experience is is perceived as between three to eight times more influential than equivalent positive experience. &gt;&gt; Yet I see a lot of people talking about we want to improve all these positive experiences, but they completely ignore the negative ones that have the biggest impact for a variety of reasons to do with how how we process information. So picking up information is isn't only about having surveys. I mean the I don't I don't see it myself because part of the business of CX but I see a lot of CX is complaining that CX is basically about voice of the customer and NPS and surveys that are provided useful information. It's a lot of criticism of NPS but it's you know it's by itself it's not very useful I don't think but it's part of a balanced scorecard. So early 90s thinking again a couple in Norton um it's quite of a balanced score and it can be quite a useful measure in terms of whether people are going to recommend you but it only fits alongside whether people repeat purchase and whether they have a strong relationship with you in the first place which is part of a balanced scorecard. These can be quite useful but also there's a whole variety of sources. Um, we we looked to surveys. It's a funny point. I spent some time working on the European airline a while ago and an analyzing some 20,000 different responses to uh cateim response to um contacts with customers. &gt;&gt; I did ask the question, what do you do with these now? You've got the, you know, you get thousands a month, thousands every month. And the answer was, well, not a great deal. You be thinking you get all these responses back from customers saying and out of that I could identify there were eight or 10 key customer jobs to be done &gt;&gt; eight or 10 key touch points most of which were in the control of the airline but they could have had a significant impact on fixing things that go wrong that's what you hear about most of all or making things better but they didn't it was nobody's responsibility which is often what we find in large organizations nobody's respon improving things I get the results but I'm not res small for actually doing anything with them other than reporting and we ignore that because next month says coming along shortly anyway. Um so you can get information from all sorts of places you get information from surveys. I'm not a big fan of surveys by and large because we often ask the questions we want to have answered well the questions customers want to tell us. You can get it from verbatim. You can get it from third parties like social media. I sat and looked at for another potential another client looked at um online verbatims in trust uh trust portals looked at thousands of their and their competitors and I could abstract out of an enormous amount about what customers were thinking what was important how well you performing what was good what was bad and what to do about it um and of course you have an enormous amount of data itself that you gather during your interactions with customers so you have this rich source of video and images and voice and text and numbers that you process and I don't really been reading um Sangi Cher's new book refresh it is I I read a lot of books as you know and a lot of articles and Zenit's new book refresh which is about how you use AI to advantage is by far underway the best book I've read on the in fact he has a track record of writing he's he's wrote books about platform revolution and platform scale in the past about how we how platforms reinventing business but his book on how we going to use AI to do a variety of things is absolutely brilliant and one I can recommend to everybody uh to read if you're interested in AI which of course is everybody today um and he points out that AI is much better than we are at passing all this disperate information and coordinating things as consequence. &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; we looking at using AI to automate and and save costs. Typically, I noticed the the customer doesn't get anything out of that. Of course, the experience actually gets worse. I had to talk to credit card company recently and it was the one it was so bad that I gave up halfway through. My wife had a talk to a Turko yesterday and the experience she got through the call center person eventually after 30 minute wait but they were so useless. Thank you T-Mo um that she dropped off the call because she was getting no help at all even for simple question. So um we can use AI for simple things like cost cutting and and what have you but there are far more useful things we can do with it by using its power to coordinate and information from disperate sources to try and understanding what's going on in the world of the customer. &gt;&gt; We'll talk about real lived experience in a minute but you know Chris Law's tool bson.ai does this for the real experience in a way that is really quite amazing. This is why I think real of the experience is be going to is going to augment. It's not going to replace, it's going to augment um customer experience or CX for for many companies, particularly those in certain industries. And if if you think about it, I did a bit of searching around before this call, you know, trying to gather some facts and figures that were interesting. Complicated things like neurode divergence where people think and perceive the world differently to what everybody else does. That's that's 15% of the male of the adult population in the UK. People living in chronic pain, which is a I've never had that the misfortune thankfully. &gt;&gt; Don't know if people have. And it is a life-changing thing. &gt;&gt; 43% of the UK adult population live with chronic pain of one form or another. When you get to being over 65, it's 70s something percent. These are life-changing things. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um so and people you know a little bit closer to home customers who are in difficulty. So we talk about vulnerable customers. So people who have challenges with health with life events with um capability and resilience. 49% of the UK population adult population has one or more of these symptoms. They are vulnerable customers. So the FCA has insisted that banks and financial services companies do something about this. But every telco, every utility, every large organization dealing with these customers ought to treat them differently and ought to treat them with their lived experience, not to treat them as numbers &gt;&gt; or as as recipients of a standardized service, which doesn't work for them. &gt;&gt; I'd like to circle a little back to what Tony said earlier. Sorry if I interrupt your flow here. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; The you mentioned Ryan Air which is a low budget carrier. &gt;&gt; So Tony said something like low well you are going in there with low expectations which are easy to meet of course and probably also even easy to exceed if the carrier chooses to. Now my my point is is that a suitable goal at all that expectations needed to get exceeded. &gt;&gt; So that's two questions there. The first one is around Ryionaire. So &gt;&gt; well I just use them as an example in Germany as well. So &gt;&gt; I used to before COVID struck I would travel every week to the UK from Germany for work. Mhm. &gt;&gt; Um, as you know, so and I'd done for 30 years pretty much traveling everywhere. Every week I was on one or two planes backwards and forwards. I think in &gt;&gt; in 2000 in 1999, no 2019 I think I took 220 flights that year &gt;&gt; and that was not not exceptional. Um, I used to fly with Euro wings, drone wings and it became Euro Wings. But after three times in a row when I got a message on the on the train from from um from Liverpool Street station to Stanford airport that your the flight had been cancelled and you could go to this website to book to rebook. Good luck with that. Or try the call center. Good luck with that. &gt;&gt; I got one of the last seats on a airplane that always took off. &gt;&gt; But then I after three times I switched to and didn't cover with zero wings at all after that. So my expectations are very very high. My feelings are you will take off. I don't really care when it is. It's Friday night. I'm going home to see my family. I just want to get home. I don't care when I get there. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; I just want to get home. I don't want to be left, you know, to my own my own devices in the middle of nowhere at an airport. So my expectations are very high that you will leave that day and you will get me home an hour later. Euro wings failed miserably three times on the trot. So I defected to to Rhina. So they exceeded they met my expectations every time they there was never a time when they didn't take off and often in the background I smile to myself and you know shot and forward is a terrible thing but I think I smile to myself when I hear the tunnel in the background saying Euro wing so so and so is has been cancelled and you're thinking why is flying so why aren't you flying what's wrong with what's wrong with German wings or euro wings so my things are very high wanted and other things like meals on board and comfortable seats. It's only now. I don't really care. I'd stand if it was cheap enough. But it wasn't actually that cheaper than the wings anyway. So, but it is a it is an ultra low cost carrier. They can they they make money on on on filling up their planes in a way that no full service carrier or hybrid like um like Europeans can ever make money. But, you know, it comes back to your point about exceeding expectations. I need to meet the minimal acceptable level of service. That's probably not good to be close to that because then you're potentially at risk of defection if you get if something better comes along. And Terry always talks about so need to be 25% better in order for you to switch, which I think is a reasonable yard stick. So you need to be better than that. But do you need all to be all the way to the top to to the point you where we where you actually meeting the maximum expected? Probably not most of the time. So &gt;&gt; what what happens really when you really need help is when things go wrong. So there's a great story from Maxi Schmidt. I saw Max one of Maxi Schmidt's comments on LinkedIn today about a customer who uh was involved in an accident and in New Zealand went out of its way to look after her, make sure she got home safely, to arrange things of the flight and you know they things like when you get to the airport go to anybody with an Air New Zealand uniform and they will look after you. and she did and they did. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; that's a rare event in the aviation industry in my experience, although it used to be in when I used to travel a lot. &gt;&gt; But it shows you what is possible and they I noticed also that they were number three on the a recent survey of best airlines to travel with. &gt;&gt; Um, so they must be doing something. &gt;&gt; It takes a little Kiwi attitude. &gt;&gt; It does probably &gt;&gt; I'm wear I'm wearing the wrong hat today. Usually you have silver. It &gt;&gt; reminds me of when when Colin Marshall came to British he was from &gt;&gt; and they were here famous of saying we're number two. We have to try harder. &gt;&gt; Given up trying. Tony did another comment. Let me bring it on. So he Well, of course one needs to know that his company does Rev ops. So he he says rev ops is CX with a monetary priority is would you agree to that statement in how far &gt;&gt; it's a no-brainer isn't it really if you go talk to and there's been so so many persons recently some some really good people like Tom Goodwin another post about this and you know the challenge that a lot of CX people have that they go to the CFO with scores about our seat's gone up and our NPS score is now at its highest and we have all these wonderful verbatims. MI6 is thinking, okay, tell me about large business effects. Tell me about share of market growth. Tell me about increased sales. Tell me about profit increase and so forth. This is my language as a CFO. You want my money, don't you? So, you better talk my language otherwise I'm going to send you to go and do your homework. But they they have in the past, you know, it's slowly changing. I mean, if you think about it, if you look at a standard shelter battery driver model, CX can only pull five levers. That's it. It can pull the lever. It can pull it can do various things that influences sales um sales um growth. It can improve it can pull levers in influence price and mix. So the mixture prices you offer. It can pull levers influence um cost efficiencies uh economies of scale and operating leverage. These drive operating profit margin and says growth rate which then feed into your standard shareholder value driver model. That's it. If you produce an amazing experience, a meaningfully differentiated experience, maybe you can pull competitive advantage period for a short period of time. It's only transient as we as Rita McGrath has talked about often. &gt;&gt; So that's all levers you can pull. So if you're doing CX, you need to understand what you're going to do and how it influences the things that pull those levers that that are relevant to the C CFO. And one word of warning, there is a tendency I increasingly which is a good sign but it's not the end result which is to think about uh looking at the return investment on CX but I can almost guarantee any CX program has a positive return investment by doing various things. I can absolutely reduce all the cost side as as far as possible. I can be very careful about how I measure success and I can be very good at including all sorts of things that weren't to do with me that actually show that I've been successful. So all those things that years of brand building have allowed you to create I can claim those success of my ROI from ICX opportunity but ROI or more correctly return invested capital is only a shortterm horizon one measure in real in the CFO's world. how we can leverage our current capability to get more out of them. It's not a growth measure which is NPV. &gt;&gt; It's not a building a portfolio of options measure which is to be option valuation. So yes, by all means have an ROI calculation but show how it drives growth and develops options and align it with all those key um levers that show shareholder value growth or large business effects including market share and all those other things as well. You do that and people take take notice of you. So yeah, Tony is exactly right. Show me your NPS score. Great. Thank you very much indeed. There's the door. Show me how you increased my sales growth rate and I'll give you more money. &gt;&gt; Why don't more CX people do that? &gt;&gt; It's a very good question. I think there's several reasons for it's these things are not complicated to work out. You know, this is this is finance one. We don't have to worry in corporate finance to be able to do these things. &gt;&gt; Agreed. Um I think often they don't have the data because often they're not allowed to run things. Um I think they are often don't have the the opportunity to go and talk to the CFO very often anyway because they're again you know it's not operation they're not operational critical discipline. They don't run marketing or sales or service or operations or something like that. So they're less likely to see the CFO anyway. Um, and there's also, you know, there's a there are schools of practice, let's put it that way, which are about, you know, we do surveys in PS, we do other things that aren't really that important to the CFO. So, it's it's a mental model change for these people as well. I hope you got dogs working in the background. &gt;&gt; You got contractor in your house, too. &gt;&gt; This is more than one dog. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we got four downstairs. Well, &gt;&gt; in a second. &gt;&gt; They are certainly improving the home experience. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. &gt;&gt; A cat come next door is disturbing them. &gt;&gt; One of the one of the core challenges is that they don't have the right data. So what needs to get set up to get this data that helps tying CX objectives or their achievement to strategic objectives like more more customer lifetime value, more well market share, more whatever that the CFO gets and stays interested. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And how do you get them fast and precise? &gt;&gt; Yes. Again, it's very difficult. Um my one of my former clients Dan Bates used to talk about you know collecting all the data and having an understanding truth and meaning. So collecting a version of the truth and be able to identify meaning from that data. Um most organizations don't really have one version of the truth. They have multiple versions. So there was struggles with actually getting one version of truth out of most large organizations anyway because the way they calculate things the same underlying data often the different calculation approaches if you if you don't have access to the data you have to go and find partners who do and you have to buddy it with other people who get access to it and provide you with a feed or provide you with a a cube you can work with yourself and and tools to analyze that data. So I think I think most of the data is fundamentally available because I think it's just quite difficult to get at sometimes but that's the big data that most rely know historical data about the past and what we did and what and so forth that's that's not the data we really need often in terms of CX we need we that's what if if we have this big data we also need or or thin data as I think about it we also need thick contextual data so the big to tell you about what you did in the past, but it won't tell you about what you wanted to do. It won't tell you about what you did with others. It won't tell you about the experience you wanted to have only you didn't provide it. So, if you want to find those things, you have to go and talk to customers in in different ways. You have to do design research um and gather this contextually rich information. what norates and cause warm data or zero party data proper zero party data data that you would not normally give to a company because we know that when we give data to companies they will abuse it for their own advantage not for our advantage so these things typically t stay in the domain of the customer often in the handset the the mobile devices where which we live you know many expenses through so there's a couple of things out of that you can start to do design research as well as long to gain thick data to go with your your thin data or your big data. Um, and also recognize that slowly but surely power is moving from the centers. Power of decisioning, power over access to data, power over what you do with data is moving from the center to the edge. Moving on to handsets and data wallets now embedded in um in mobile devices where data where customers have control &gt;&gt; over their own data. they have control over who gets to access the the seat and and they have control over what they get in return. Um AI will accelerate that and is already starting to do so. There's a whole variety of startups doing that already. Um so you but and that and that's a fundamental threat to a lot of the martekch platforms with their one big brain in the center model which is based on if you like a a slightly simplified anthropomorphic model of how humans are. You know we think you know this model the brain decides everything. If you look at developing a developing child then the brain does decide some things but there aren't enough genes that we have in our genetic code to be able to code for all the things that we do. So we develop morphologically by local action by making choices at a local cellular level. That equivalent is we give a lot of that control or that control is taken from us by customers with edgebased devices, handsets with self data and absolute allow to control who gets access to it to do what and what you get in return. If this word is coming to get the discussion in a different direction by going and showing a question or comment. &gt;&gt; Can you mute it Tom? I can do it. The question from Vin what he faced in is of whether companies need to exceed the expectations. And um not long ago he did a series on LinkedIn and asked many executives including CX experts whom he spoke to um and analyzing their posts which told them their preferred focus on standardizing operations to constantly meet expectations that doing this rather than to focus on trying to exceed expectations. He thinks that it's quite depressing that CX professionals themselves are saying things like that. Um, so let me write throw a wrench right in there. I think that's right because thriving to constantly exceeding expectations is a recipe for disaster because it's a vicious circle. Yeah. You exceed my expectation once, I'm happy. You exceed them twice, I'm still happy. You exceed them three times. Is it twice? And then I expect it and from there on it spiral spirals out of control and it will be will become unattainable from a from a financial perspective. &gt;&gt; If you look at the definition of customer delight. So Roland Russ, the celebrated service marketing academic, &gt;&gt; wrote some really great articles a few years ago about about customer delight. And he made a very clear point that delight requires two things. It requires overd delivery against expectations. Exceeding your maximum expected level of service, &gt;&gt; it requires surprise as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; I expect it. It's not delight. It's my expectation. So, as you say, we know that you if you keep ratchicking up the degree of of of delight that the lady I talked about who had this terrible accident and really went out of its way to look after, that was a delightful thing in a very poor circumstance. &gt;&gt; But if you do that for everybody, you're not going to you're going to run out of, you know, you become a charity to a certain extent, you're going to run out of money really quickly. So you need to be careful I think when you exceed expectations and for whom and in which circumstances. But you know what those will often be there may be principles in the center but when we do that but the decision should be made by a person or a these days a technology at the edge they have more information than the center will ever have this contextual data again um that's the people need to make those choices but again within guidelines we can't have it to the point where if everyone's doing providing different experiences then we have lowquality service because quality service means we know we get the same thing each time rather than getting something completely different each time. Um so it's it's a difficult balancing act to to to make but I I you know I agree I agree with what the the question uh Christian said. &gt;&gt; So the that's why I'm again to v I'm normally using a model that I call the abbreviated muscle of pyramid of customer expectations. Mhm. &gt;&gt; It's basically three E. First, you need to be effective. You won't win any as we say in German flower pot there. But if you're if you're not effective, then you certainly lose. Then there's no need to be efficient, which is the second layer. You can be very efficient without being effective. So just doing the wrong thing. &gt;&gt; Make it easy for the customer. Efficient for the customer. That's that's where you likely should strive at. And then you have the emotional thing. That's the the peak of the pyramids. &gt;&gt; Sometimes &gt;&gt; make him really totally and utterly happy or her. &gt;&gt; So that's but don't make that an objective to always get there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Sure. I think I think that's you know emotions are emotions is a difficult word. Emotions as as one meaning in neuroscience and different in popular conversations. So we're often talking about feelings in the real world rather than emotions which are more subconscious. But if you look at you just combine the two words into and call it emotions people talk about designing for emotion but that's quite I find it quite manipulative in some ways. &gt;&gt; So I I talked about service experience a minute ago. I prefer to design a superior experience that kids for the needs of a broad range of people rather than trying to design an emotion. &gt;&gt; So no doing this for donkeys years. If I great produce great service, I'm going to get lots of the right emotions, but I'll also get at the same time inevitably some emotions I don't like so much because of the way things actually are. So, you can have very high satisfaction and still have negative emotions, but it doesn't necessarily have a big impact on whether you're going to repurchase again in the future or recommend to others. &gt;&gt; Yeah. If we get to German railway system and German telecom such as if German railways would be on time again that would be something which comes through Thomas pyramid and at least we have a lot of positive emotion &gt;&gt; that's at the bottom of the of the pyramid &gt;&gt; this is a &gt;&gt; the thing is if you analyze um I'm not a frequent traveler and I know why I'm not a frequent traveler in German railway system when I travel I have a problem. So there must be uh a complex chain in between me and German railway. But saying that um it is that out of 10 trips I had this year only one was smooth and nine were a disaster area and the emotion created ah is a heck and my internet capabilities here in my little town or spark are always like you have one of these surprise eggs. It might work. Yeah, you're grateful. Now, back to you. &gt;&gt; But I mean, yeah, George has problems, which is why the CEO was was fired by the Minister of Transport a couple of days ago um after 10 years or whatever in this post and you know, but it's it's a a bottomless pit to tipping money into railway system as we've seen pretty country in the world. Um maybe with the exception of Switzerland, which seems to have amazing trains or Japan. I was reading the other day about about the Japanese railways um apologizing profusely to customers because they were 20 seconds late in leaving the station. &gt;&gt; When I used to travel a lot in the UK, I travel a lot between slow and and London Paddington on on on the railway service. Well, sometimes actually very happy when a train came at all. &gt;&gt; It was 20 seconds too early or too late. But um you know this these are complex service systems. &gt;&gt; It's an ecosystem with many moving parts of people and infrastructure and technologies and what have you. And as we know we get emergent phenomenon come out of those interactions that we can't necessarily predict that we're not necessarily prepared for. But you know Deutsche Barn has a it's it's it's a very very complicated if not complex problem to deal with. It is simply that I just didn't want to show to the audience that we are only looking into airlines and how they are performing or um overachieving or that with a minimal delivery of service they win our hearts at least if we come uh on time to our beloved ones. In how far would you say that there is a correlation between a company's ability to ring fence the customer or put them into a bald gone and as opposed to well having more competition. &gt;&gt; That's a that's a that's a topic for a whole convo by itself in terms of market dynamics and what have antitrust dynamics as well. meta is a good example. So Meta, you know, has I don't know how many billions of customers it has at the moment and and it's always in the news for the wrong reasons unfortunately, but that's a choice of Zuckerberg and senior board of management, how they operate their business and their difficult relationship with regulators around the world. But um there's a study a few years ago that looked at what you'd be have to what you'd be willing to accept if you were not to use meta for a year. and the the the number came out to be slightly over $1,000. So in order not to have access to all the things you get through Meta or Facebook when they did the survey the study, you'd have to be compensated by receiving $1,000 a year. That's an enormous consumer surplus. And of course, people complain about them harvesting data, which is probably true. But customers either don't care or seem to be quite happy to trade off their use of data and advertising that comes with it in exchange for the ability to keep in contact with relations in foreign places, post pictures of your breakfast, or be in contact with other cat lovers around the world. It's not for us to dictate what they should do and what they shouldn't do. to facilitate their behavior, good behaviors ideally, um with this appropriate tools and &gt;&gt; which I mean I want to go back quickly you we the theme of what we talking about was this this idea of the real experience and go back to your train example so if you're a neurode divergent person who struggles enormously with change we know we know that and and your train is canceled or delayed by long period of time and then you get on the tunnel the the conductor or the you on the train saying your alternative connections at um wherever it may be that um are x y and zed that neurodyiverent person is probably going to struggle because the service is designed for normal I don't I'm very careful about my use of language is designed for people who are not neurode divergent who can deal with those changes Not everybody can deal with those changes. Incidentally, a lot of people go a little bit strange. But a neurody divergent person can't deal with the change in the same that we can deal with them as as non neurody divergent people. So we need to understand more about the real lived experience of the customer in particular those vulnerable groups or neurodyiverent groups or people with health challenges or whatever if we're going to provide great service and that and that requires a change of thinking. It requires a change from thinking about how we represent experiences to how we relate to the experiences. That's one of the changes the five changes that we need to think about. We have to start to think about not about journeys. You know, it's ABCDE E all the way through to zed in a in a neat order. But the real world is is different. This it's things go backwards and things stop and things, you know, take pauses and influenced by many external factors. So we think about from rather than journeys about fields of influence. &gt;&gt; Influence as real lived experience. We have to stop thinking about necessarily needs as a static think I need X or I need Y but to start think about how much of those things how about intensities &gt;&gt; Um and for people who are neurode divergent um then that can be quite different to somebody who's not neurody diverent as an example in the train example. We have to stop thinking about co-creating services the designly approach but providing real-time feedback and co-composing things while things are happening which requires a completely different way of thinking about things again enabled by AI &gt;&gt; but think about moving from thinking about satisfaction are you satisfied with the service you've received to how can we transform that experience to make things better for customers well now you're just satisfied &gt;&gt; and last but not least you know not least one of the challenges the jobs has as we abstract things out at a moment in time. I need to do this job at a moment in time. &gt;&gt; Move away from abstraction and simplistic moment in time representations to think about the real lived experience that people have. So from representation to relations, from journeys to fields, from needs to intensities, from co-creation to co-composition in real time, from satisfaction transformation, and from abstraction to the real lived experience. This is the next generation of thinking in how we think about the customer experience. And for all those people who are neurode divergent or who have pain problems or whatever it may be, this is where we need to be going because it's the only way we're going to be able to, you know, support them in in their in their needs. &gt;&gt; Completely agreed. And you would uh run for open doors with Winfred Felza, our dear friend from Cologne, who is in the area of co-creation, crew designing, and all that stuff. Yeah. Well, I'm not the expert on this. The expert is Chris Law. If you want to know more about Chris has got a great white paper. Go and read it. I mean, I sent it to you today, so you probably read it already. But he, you know, he's he's the guy who who I look up to to learn from this this stuff about &gt;&gt; I can a good thing when I see it. &gt;&gt; Tim is talking about next generation thinking. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So we have talked a lot about concepts right now and well those concepts hopefully sooner or later get to get translated into systems because we need systems to effectively and efficiently do whatever. So now looking into next generation CX platforms. So if you were to design one, so we're charged with designing one from scratch. No old no limits. What do you think are the or what in your eyes are the top three non-negotiable features that you want to have in there? &gt;&gt; Okay. So, um I'm going to put it back slightly different. I'll ask you a question with three eye. So, the first thing is we need to understand our customers in in a ways we don't understand them today. Thinking of all that documenting about contextual real life warm data and what have you. So we need to we need to understand in detail their their real lived experience because that's going to be the new foundation of working. &gt;&gt; The second thing is I don't want to we're not going to automate or improve what we've already got. The systems we have today are designed around the limitations of humans. We have AI now. It's still emerging in terms of what we can do. But we know what we know where direction of travel is heading. So I'm going to be using this knowledge about the real experience to reinvent how we provide service from the ground up &gt;&gt; but designed not around the limitations of humans design around the capabilities of AI. There's going to be humans involved in extensively. It's probably going to be a centaur type model, but it's going to be driven around driven by access to new forms of data, the soft real data, and the capabilities of AI, not by the limitations of humans. &gt;&gt; That implies also that I'm going to have to completely rethink how we measure performance. So you know if I'm redesigning how work is still at a more granular level probably at the task or subtask level which bits can a human do which bit can should a computer or AI do for us um then I'm going to be looking to create a whole new series of measures that continuously measure monitor and manage how we perform so we can become what um Michael Martin Reeves a BCG senior BCG uh partner describes as a self-tuning organization. &gt;&gt; And it's probably going to be driven by the customer as much as it is by management. &gt;&gt; It's not quite what you're looking for perhaps as an answer. &gt;&gt; No, that's today. There's no getting away from the fact that AI is going to have a a huge change, but not if you just use it to automate what we've already got. &gt;&gt; I didn't have any answer in mind. Is that one in your mind now? &gt;&gt; Well, and I wouldn't disagree with anything that you just said. So, all is good. &gt;&gt; Although in certain circles I have the nickname of the contrarian, meanwhile, but &gt;&gt; not here and not. &gt;&gt; There's a great story by the late Sim Robinson. He talks about a little girl who never paid attention except in art class. And one day the art teacher was the girl was busy painting and the art teacher goes up and says, "What are you painting?" And the girl says, "I'm painting a picture of God." But the teacher says, "But nobody knows what God looks like." To which the girl replied, "They will in a minute." So I try to provide you with that high level picture where we're going with CX with RX at the center with AI &gt;&gt; reinventing around AI and we think about how we measure performance. &gt;&gt; That's where we're going. That's my picture of of the CX gods and what they'll be saying to us, whoever they are. &gt;&gt; Cool. Great stuff. and great famous last words actually. So, thanks a lot Graeme. This was as usual amazing. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Always my pleasure. &gt;&gt; Exceeding expectations to quote Vimar. So, don't do it too often because the expectations are getting higher and higher. &gt;&gt; That's okay. &gt;&gt; Tricks my sleeves. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Thanks to everybody who participated and if to the audience if you want to be in a CRM convo just as opposed to on the sidelines as you are right now let us know. We'll be glad to accommodate for that. Last but not least, next week, tune in to an AI topic again when we again have Dr. Michael Wu and John Reed discussing on AI and where it's going and why not. So, and this time we really expect some controversy between those two differently thinking people. I'm really looking forward to that and I hope that we'll meet you there too. Okay, see you then next week. &gt;&gt; Bye. &gt;&gt; Till next week.
