---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: SPOT
title: "Spotify's "Monolithic" Potential Faces Earnings Questions & SPOT Options Trade"
channel: "Schwab Network"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: Fk2nxH7lNlc
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fk2nxH7lNlc
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Spotify's "Monolithic" Potential Faces Earnings Questions & SPOT Options Trade

**Channel**: Schwab Network  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fk2nxH7lNlc

## Transcript

on Morning Trade Live. Let's talk Spotify, the audio streaming giant reporting earnings ahead of tomorrow's open. Adjusted EPs is expected to come in at $2.95 a pop on revenue of more than $5 billion. The stock has hit a 52 week low that was last Thursday and is down more than 25% so far in 2026. So what's the story here? Let's go Inside out on Spotify with Ken Leon, who's the global director of industry and equity research. Cfra very good morning to you, Ken. Hope you had a nice weekend. Happy Monday to you. Just looking at Spotify. All right. You've got a buy rating here. Price target six. 85 I believe. What gets us there. What are you thinking. Yeah. So it's an interesting situation for Spotify. I mean it's been a winner over the last few years. It's just a monolithic best in class for music streaming. Global platform technology has been superb. This company has all the ability to continue to succeed in the music space. But there are questions, I think for investors it's how much are you willing to pay for a company like Spotify that's still growing organically? 15% plus, that's pretty good. But the valuations have always been high. Additionally, Spotify has had in the last quarter or two some choppy performance, some accounting charges, some one time issues. And we'd like to see just a solid clean quarter. Lastly, when a company is this large and still growing, it's finding new opportunities. In 2025 it was podcasts this year, you know, surprisingly we saw that with their online or audio books to actually you can buy the books from Spotify. So you know, I'm kind of looking at that a little funny because, you know, that's a legacy, you know, area that is very different than what Spotify is all about. I mean, I'm just looking at this chart and I mean, you listen to my intro as well. I mean, certainly as far as how much it's come off here, I mean, going into this print, I mean, do you think investor sentiment has turned to negative recently? Well, I think, you know, investors, especially institutions, have looked at a basket of high quality, large cap stocks that have high valuations and whether those high multiples are justified for what I described before, that's where the jury is out and where Spotify has to do a couple things on their results, but also on their earnings call to really show that they're an exemplar play in the media space that has had so much disruption. More on the video side, right. Well, so what do they say? I mean, what metric are you looking out for? What is the language that you're going to be really tuning into here? I think if there's a bull case that's here, the Tam or total addressable market of the world is still very large. They have algorithms that enables them to delight customers and all the major countries. We're also seeing from Spotify still the ability where they're beginning to get ad supported revenue for their lower plans. And they got pricing power as they did a month or so ago, increasing the subscription plan on their premium to 12.99. But you put it all together. I think if you're a mid-teen growth grower, you're going to have to have outsized growth for things such as EBITDA or or pretax earnings. That's I think, what's going to get the market excited. Balance sheet is great. But again, you know, there's a big cloud over Spotify and other stocks like it. As to whether you're willing to pay such a high multiple. Yeah. And just very quickly I mean, do they have to give up a convincing argument on what they're doing around AI? Because I know that's been a big focus for investors as well. I think it's been embedded in their platform and the algorithms for some time. And when you look at Spotify's competitor, they're single, focused on music streaming. There are other major competitors like YouTube or Apple Music, you know, obviously are more diversified. So they've got to be 1 or 2 steps ahead of these tough competitors. And I think that will satisfy investors. But I'd like to see 25, 30% growth in the pretax earnings level, mostly because it's it's going to be very hard to grow the top line more than 15%. Okay. We'll be watching. Thanks for breaking down those numbers for us. Really appreciate Kenley on there. Who's the global director of industry and equity research at Cfra. Appreciate your time. Let's trade it now with Tom white host of Fast Market Tom I mean this stock has been just getting beaten down. You know ahead of this report card tomorrow. What would you look at as far as an example trade. What's the approach for Spotify. Yeah Sam it's been that falling knife since those all time highs that we saw last June. But if you overlay a Netflix chart which is the leader in streaming, you know, it looks about the same as far as the pullback that we've seen, down nearly 50% from those all time highs. It's down nearly 30% just this year alone. So the bar is really low going into this report. The option market pricing in a pretty hefty 9.5% move. Either way about $40 on a one day basis. So market's expecting a big move either to the upside or downside on this one. If they look at monthly active users, those were up 11% last year or last quarter. And they expect that to be a little bit better according to their guidance. So yeah, this will be a pivotal earnings report. So taking that into account if you think maybe this thing is oversold, it's almost there on a technical basis. With the RSI really low at this point you can still take a directional bias but give yourself a little better probability of success. So I went out to the February 20th monthly option. So 11 days to expiration not a pure earnings play here. Got a week and a half in this one where I'm going to sell an out of the money. Put vertical that's neutral to bullish I'm going to sell the out of the money 380 strike put and then buy the 360 strike put. So basically a short $20 wide neutral to bullish put vertical. You're collecting roughly I've got a 480 credit that was trading earlier. It's probably trading over 550 right now because the stock has continued to pull back. But the credit you collect on this type of strategy is what you can make. So if you collect 480, you make $480 per spread, with about $1,420 in risk. So you've got a lot of risk, but that's all the way below the 360 level. Now the break even on this one just above 3.75 to the downside. That's going to be about 9% below the current share price. So about that one standard deviation move that the market's pricing in. But even if they do report a good earnings event we've seen stocks sell off even if guidance has been a little bit better. So this gives you that probability of finishing out of the money on that short 380 strike of about 72%. So it gives you that that ability for the stock to go higher, stay where it is or even go lower. And you can still be profitable on this neutral to bullish short put vertical okay. Going into earnings we'll be watching Spot
