---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: SPOT
title: "Spotify Tunes Into Demand: SPOT Bull Case as Stock Nears 52-Week Low"
channel: "Schwab Network"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: ZMdGrY27Iz8
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMdGrY27Iz8
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Spotify Tunes Into Demand: SPOT Bull Case as Stock Nears 52-Week Low

**Channel**: Schwab Network  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMdGrY27Iz8

## Transcript

Network.com. Welcome back to Fast Market here on the Schwab Network. I'm Diane King Hall alongside Tom white in our Chicago studio. Time now for our cash segment. For that, let's bring in our next guest. We've got Landon Swan, co-founder of like folio. Joining us today. We're taking a look at Spotify. Listen, over the past six months, it's been difficult for Spotify shares. You've got new data on how consumers are looking at this one. So are they tuning in? Yeah, it's a great question. I mean, this is a kind of a rare case Spotify in that they are by far the number one mindshare, what we call mindshare, where that's what people are thinking about when they're talking about, you know, using the internet radio or internet music, that kind of thing by far, number one. And they're growing. So they're the leader and they're expanding their lead, which is not it's not always that common because they're, you know, they've got the bigger denominator when it comes to growth on a year over year basis. But they're actually pushing ahead and growing that pie and taking more from everyone else. And you can see it here. Apple music is is slightly behind them when it comes to growth. And then Sirius and Pandora are falling behind drastically. But still Spotify is taking the lead that they've got and growing it. And it's it's incredible what they've done. I mean, if you look at, you know, just some of the numbers from their last quarterly report, I mean, they added 17 million monthly active users to crack the 700 barrier. Now they're at 713. They've got 281 million premium subscribers. Their revenue was up 12%. Their margins are up to, I think, 31 or 32%. And they've got 390 million people who streamed video podcasts, which is up 54%. So everything's growing. They're using AI to integrate, to develop things faster, to get to get their integrations rolling out quicker with with cars, TVs, wearables, voice platforms, you name it. So everything that they're doing is just pushing forward and gaining more users. And all of the data that we've got is very positive. Now, when you look at the stock, obviously, you know, this, this stock was close to $800 not too long ago. And now we're just over 500. You know, like folio has been bullish on this for over two years, where, you know, I think around 150 or 160 was our entry. So we're still happy. We were happier at 800, but we're still happy at 500 still bullish moving forward. And you know, it's just a testament to how well they've done at getting to number one and then dominating. And we talk about this a lot. But if you think about what they've overcome I mean you've got basically the you know nearly everyone in America has an iPhone and they've got Apple Music installed when they open up that iPhone. So Apple should dominate this market. But they don't. And they they went with everyone's going with the better mousetrap. And Spotify has built that. And they've you know they've just done a great job of getting new users and growing new users. So the data that we've got shows increased consumer happiness, increased purchase intent, increased usage, everything's going up. The downside to Spotify really is just it's its valuation. It's expensive. I think it's a 60 PE. I don't know what it was when it was at $800, but it's still expensive at 500. But they're the leader and they're growing their lead. So if you if you want to be in this space and, you know, bet on a company that innovates and grows and does things the right way, then I think that you, you know, you got to pay up a little bit. And that's what we're looking at here. You can see on this chart the pretty big divergence opportunity that we've got now, you know Spotify is that the the demand from the consumers that blue line the stock price is that sort of that white dotted line as as the stock price has been pulling back. We're seeing all time highs on the consumer demand. So again it's expensive. It's got a high p e ratio. But they are growing very quickly. And they're demonstrating the fact that they can expand their reach, expand their integrations and roll things out even more quickly. And I think AI is just going to help them do that even better. So still bullish on it. Even at 500 we were bullish at 800 though. So take that for what it's worth. But I think this company is just doing so well. It's it's tough to to put a, you know a fair p number on them. I know it's high but everything that we've got says 500 is getting a little bit low. Yeah. And you mentioned the growth rates that they had 11 to 12% based on premium subscribers, 281 million over 700 million total monthly active users across their platform. So they got the eyeballs and ears, I guess, on this one. But you see that pullback. And I was going to ask you about the valuation because you know it seems like it's getting rerated to where hey it's got a PE that's elevated forward PE of nearly 40. So it seems like investors and even the sell side community are starting to lower their price targets on this one. But if they sustain those growth rates, they just raise prices here in the U.S. and the premium subscription by a dollar, I mean, they've got that flex ability as far as raising prices whenever they want. Right. Because this is one of those subscriptions you're not going to give up most likely. Right. And absolutely the raising prices by what, about 8 or 9%. It's a dollar for the individual plans. I think it's two for the family plan. So somewhere in that 8 to 10% range is what they're they're guiding higher on on price raises. But I think they've got pretty pretty inelastic demand. I mean you're going to you're going to pay whatever it is because this is this is how you get your music. And the only thing that's kind of scary to me is I hear myself saying this, and I know I said the same thing about Netflix about five years ago, and they had a lot of competition come in. And, you know, they they had some decent numbers, but they just sold off a little bit on that. And they've been struggling with the competition. So maybe Spotify has some competition in the future. I don't know. Right now they are what Netflix was 5 or 10 years ago. They are the go to for listening to music. And they're they're delivering it in a way that no one else is right now. They, you know, they're using AI to get better personalization. They're using it to increase or decrease the the amount of time required to develop new features. So they're rolling things out much more quickly. That Apple TV application is a good example of that. They're using GPT natural language. So you can build playlists with natural language. You can just say what you want to hear. You don't have to mention specific things. So and it'll figure it out. So they're they're taking their lead and they're being aggressive in continuing to improve their offering. So I am a little bit hesitant when I when I say that, you know, they can kind of do what they want with price because everybody loves them. Everybody uses them. And that's your go to I think it would take a lot for people to switch, and I think there's a little bit of difference in that, in that when it was Netflix 5 or 10 years ago, whatever show you want to watch, there's a way to watch that show and you've you've got one show you want to watch for the next hour, right? With Spotify though, it it knows what you like. You've got all your playlists in there. The only way I see a really strong competitor coming in is if you can somehow port over all of your Spotify preferences into whatever competitor X, I don't know how that would technologically be possible. I'm sure Spotify would try to block that, but right now, the way they've got people, you know, sort of addicted to using them as their platform, I think they've got strong flexibility. And if you increase prices by, you know, 8 to 10%, I don't think you're going to have anywhere near 8 to 10% churn. You're going to increase your revenue. So again, they're in a very strong position. They're taking advantage of it. But at the same time, I know it's just a dollar that you guys mentioned. But I've seen this conversation with consumers about subscription fatigue essentially. Right. And so then they're making choices on which and maybe they don't like give up Spotify entirely. They just go down to, you know, the free version. Is that a risk factor that comes across, you know, when you look at your data? I think so, but I think, you know, what we're seeing and just some anecdotal evidence from talking to people. I think that people kind of group subscriptions into categories. Right. And so they'll only spend so much on TV, they'll only spend so much on music or podcasts. And I don't think that they're really I don't think people have a Spotify subscription and an Apple Music subscription and a Pandora, and they're cutting down one of those. I think they just have one or the other. Whereas with television, I think it's, you know what? I've got Disney and I've got Netflix and I've got Hulu and I've got all these different things I need to cut one of them. That's a different kind of conversation. So I think that when you've just got the category of music and it's costing you 13 bucks a month, I don't think that's a big target for reducing your monthly subscriptions. All right, Landon, we will leave it there for today. That's Landon Swan, co-founder of like folio,
