---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: SPOT
title: "Is Spotify Stock a Hidden Gem for Investors in 2025?"
channel: "The Motley Fool"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: 9n2bvuTvYW8
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9n2bvuTvYW8
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Is Spotify Stock a Hidden Gem for Investors in 2025?

**Channel**: The Motley Fool  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9n2bvuTvYW8

## Transcript

[Music] Welcome to the latest Mly Fool scoreboard. I'm on in Chakaloo. We've got longtime fools Travis Hoyam and Lou Whiteitman giving a 1 to 10 rating to Big Audio Dynamite, Spotify, ticker symbol SPOT. Talk about the business first, including industry and competition. A 10 is invincible. A one is hopeless. Lose at a seven. Travis, I know you love this stock. You're at a nine. Yeah. What a phenomenal business. They have one in streaming music. Think about just the subscriptions that you have. What is one of the last ones you would cancel. Spotify has got to be up there with Netflix. Even Taylor Swift who had a beef with Spotify going back a number of years. She had to come back to the platform. So extremely valuable platform expanding into music, audio, audiobooks and videos. Is that going to be a great business? I don't know. But the core music business is amazing and that's why I gave it such a high score. Definitely agree. Great business. I mean, look, 675 million active users, about a third of them premium. So, a lot to like. Travis, as you say, they've been kind of successful expanding the base. We'll see if it's as profitable, but they are at least trying to grow into new areas. Uh, you say they won. My knock on it is is that this I think it's still a pretty competitive industry. And you do have any anytime you have names like Apple and Google coming at you, I don't know if you can ever say you've won. So, it's not easy. Say this though, they did show their pricing power. They pushed through an increase and the momentum didn't stall. So, definitely a lot to like whether it's a 7R9. As an Apple Music person myself, I do feel like I'm on the Android platform instead of the iPhone, right? I feel like they've won. Hey, I'm on the Android platform. So, there you go. I use Google Music. And you also use Google? Yeah. Well, I I think you've said a lot, Lou. Let's go with management. A 10 is Warren Buffett. A one is Hover Simpson. Travis, both of you have eights. Yeah, I gave a pretty good score here because Daniel Eck, I think, has learned that he needs to make money in this business. They were basically kind of break evenish on a net income basis and maybe making a little bit of free cash flow after you pulled out stock based compensation for a very long time. But now they've made that transition to, hey, we got to actually run this like a real business that needs to make money long term. That transition, I don't know if it has a lot more legs left, a lot more, you know, margin expansion, which has been a huge help for them. Their cost reductions maybe aren't going to have the same momentum over the next few years, but EK has shown the ability to make the move from being an entrepreneur and innovator to now a really good manager. Yeah, I'd add there a long-term thinker in a very cutthroat industry where, you know, you have deep cut pocketed competitors where you really do need to play the long game, find the right partners. One partner I mentioned, uh, they just resigned Bill Simmons to continue to lead the podcast business. He's about as smart as it comes when it comes to podcast. A real real great addition. This is just all around a strong team that understands the business and makes smart bets. So, a lot to like. Plus one on Bill Simmons. Uh financials, a 10 is a fortress. A one is yikes. Lose at a seven. Travis, you're at a nine. Yeah, great balance sheet. Uh the margin expansion over the past couple years has really shown the strength in the business. This is never going to be a company that has 60 70 80% gross margins, but they've gotten up to almost 35% which I didn't think they were ever going to be able to do. So that's phenomenal in their core business. And then they have the option the or the opportunity to grow in advertising with with things like video and podcast. So I think you just look at the look at the free cash flow momentum just phenomenal financials right now. Right. I I think I agree with Travis 100% here. But to me this is a seven because the balance sheet the financials will never be like the wow the driving reason to buy this business. But there's nothing to worry about. Uh strong balance sheet a lot more cash than debt. Everything's fine, but like Travis says, we're not that there are limits to what they can do. So, it's just a it's just a fine. It's not a wow. And to me, a nine would be a wow. Spotify often gets compared to Netflix, similar business models in slightly different spaces. The big knock on Netflix over the years, and I was one of these, like, ah, the content costs, it's going to kill them. Well, Netflix proved them wrong. Spotify, a you got to pay music royalties, you can't get margins, as Travis noted up, rising to 35% gross. It's pretty good. Uh, let's talk about valuation next, Travis. How well will Spotify stock do over the next 5 years? And how safe is it? 10's a sure thing. One is a lottery ticket. Yeah, this is where I get a little bit more questionable with Spotify. This is not the no-brainer that it was two or even three years ago, but look, shares are up over 600% since the end of 2022. So, I gave a pretty low safety score of five. I wanted to actually go a little bit lower on the return expectations, but I still think 10 to 15% is probably about where we should be. But trading for six and a half times sales, that's pretty high historically for Spotify, trading at, you know, about 50 times free cash flow. Those numbers could get a lot better if the business continues to improve, but I think a lot of the lowhanging fruit has already been picked. So, don't want to get too greedy with the expectations here. Yeah, I think that's exactly right. This is a market beater, not a market destroyer. So, I'm at 10 to 15%, too. Uh, you know, it's, as Travis said, it's gone up great. There are natural limits here on the ability to raise prices given the competition. The new products are layering in. We don't know if they will be as profitable as past products. I I see plenty of room to beat the market. I don't see just, yeah, another few years like the last few. For safety, I'm at a seven just because it's hard to imagine Spotify disappearing or even kind of just drying up real quick. So, I do think it can be a pretty predictable 10% or so a year without without too much issue. Yeah, the valuation is what's giving me heartburn where you I remember I owned Spotify for a long time. For a while, it wasn't too good. But, as Travis said, once you kind of go up 600% in short order, all of a sudden, it's in good shape. So far, I've held on because of the quality of the business, but we shall see. Let's move on to top it. Is there a company in Spotify space you like better, Travis? In this space, I like Spotify's business the best, but Alphabet is the other one. If you're just looking at valuation, about 20 times earnings, phenomenal business, and you've got a sort of similar business with YouTube over there. Uh, so I I think that's another one to look at. Yeah, I was tempted to do Alphabet or Apple just because you get a music service plus a lot more. You get the diversified revenue streams. I think there's a good argument to be made there. But actually, given what the runup that we've seen with the Mag 7 and kind of what we're doing right now with everything, wouldn't surprise me if Spotify actually just holds its own just fine with them. I I I'd put them at around 10%, too. So, I'd probably just do Spotify. Thank you to both Lou and to Travis. They've given Spotify a strong overall score of 7.5 out of 10 with eights in each of the three fundamental areas: business, management, and financials. Look out for a new scoreboard every market day at 7:00 p.m. Eastern. Next up is Toro. Till then, full on. All right. Now, I got Big Audio Dynamite songs in my head. Right. I was like, is anyone gonna get this? And I'm not I'm not complaining because, you know, that's that's better than what else went through my head. And yeah.
