---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: SPOT
title: "Why Spotify Stock Could Deliver Big Returns - SPOT Valuation & Analysis"
channel: "Investing Edge with Erik"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: pLRC4rCBbmg
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pLRC4rCBbmg
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Why Spotify Stock Could Deliver Big Returns - SPOT Valuation & Analysis

**Channel**: Investing Edge with Erik  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pLRC4rCBbmg

## Transcript

Spotify stock is down 40% from its highs. But despite the drop, Spotify is shifting into a cash generating machine. And to show you why, I built a 10-year forecast for revenue and free cash flow. And my fair value comes in at $468 per share. Now, this would mean that the stock is pretty much fairly valued. However, I'm also estimating a market beating return of around 17%. In this video, I'll break down what could make Spotify better than other tech stocks so that you can decide if it really deserves a spot in your portfolio. So yeah, let's jump in. Now before we jump into the details, let's take a look at the snapshot of where the company is today. Now in 2025, Spotify grew the revenue by 10%. But what's even more impressive, right, is the IBITA growth of 57%. This is showing us the company is becoming much more profitable. Now the IBITA margin was at 14%, it's not super high, but it's expanding and that's what's making investors very excited. Now, the share price has declined over the past year by 21% and the company is headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden, which of course makes me very happy as I'm based in Stockholm myself. Now, Spotify isn't just a music app. It's the global leader in audio streaming with hundreds of millions of users across music, podcasts, and audio books. Unlike Netflix, Spotify doesn't spend billions producing most of its core content. Instead, it operates as a two-sided marketplace. On one side we have the users and on the other we have artists, labels, podcasters and creators. The more users Spotify attract, the more valuable the platform becomes for creators. And the more content available, the more users join. And that network effect is incredibly powerful. Now, to better illustrate how big Spotify actually is, what do you think is Spotify's approximate market share? Is it A 9%? Is it B 15%? Or is it C 32%. And the right answer is of course 32% making it a clear leader controlling close to a third of the market and that's more than double of Apple Music's estimated share at 15%. Now over the past few years management has aggressively cut costs and focused more on monetization and the result is well we have expanding gross margins and meaningful free cash flow generation. In addition, Spotify owns the distribution layer. Whether music is humanmade or AI generated, creators still need access to its global audience, which makes the company more resilient to AI than other stocks in my opinion. Now, the bullcase in my opinion is quite clear. First, we have operating leverage. Spotify's infrastructure is largely built. As prices rise and advertising improves, incremental revenue drops through at higher margins. And then we also have pricing power. After years of underpricing, Spotify has successfully raised prices with limited churn impact. And lastly, we have platform expansion. Podcasts and audio books open additional monetization layers. Now, it's not all perfect, right? We have a bare case as well. For instance, we have content cost structure. Spotify still pays a large portion of revenue to record labels and right holders. And we also have competition from big tech companies like Amazon and Apple can bundle music into broader ecosystems and Spotify doesn't have the same ecosystem lockin. Okay, so now we have a sense what Spotify does as a company. Now let's take a look at some historical financial performance and see how the company has performed over the past 5 years and let's start off with the core financial performance. Here you can see the revenue in blue and you can see the IBIDA in green. Now there are two major highlights. First we can see revenue has grown consistently each year but what's really interesting is the IBIDA growth rate it was negative in 2022 and in 2023 and now we can see positive IBIDA over the past 2 years. And that's great news showing us that the company is becoming much more profitable at the same time that it's growing in revenue. Now another great chart is the debt sustainability of the company. Now here we can see the debt in purple and we can see the excess cash in green and yeah we can see that is no risk for us as investors as the excess cash is multiple times larger right than the debt itself meaning that is no risk for us as new investors. Now as we later on will take a look at the free cash flow in the valuation part. Let's also take a look at the free cash flow performance of the company. Now here we can see pretty much the same highlights as we saw with the quarter financial performance. Again we can see the revenue in blue but instead of the we see the free cash flow to equity and that's the relevant free cash flow for us as equity investors. Now we can see revenue has been consistent and free cash flow as we saw with IBIDA has now turned positive. We have a 16% free cash margin and generating significant cash flow for investors and that's great news. And the final chart I would like to show you has to do with the share performance of the company. And here we can see it across two dimensions. First we can see the average share price of the stock. We can see the stock price has increased all the way up to 2025. Now we can also see the shares outstanding in the company in millions as these blue columns and we can see that the shares are increasing. This means that the company is issuing new stock and essentially diluting existing shareholders. Now, I believe as the company is becoming much more profitable that this increase in shares will decelerate in the coming years due to the increased profitability that we're seeing from Spotify. Okay, so let's move on to the exciting part which of course is the valuation part. And I'll start off by going through all my key assumptions so you know exactly what's gone into my bullcase model and so you know exactly what I'm assuming for the company in the coming 10 years. So that's 2026 all the way up to 2035. And let's start off with revenue growth here. I'm assuming average yellow road growth of 12% that's lower than the 15% we've seen on average in the past 5 years but it's still quite optimistic in my opinion as it assumes growth of over 10%. Now in terms of eBay down margin here I'm assuming 20% and in 2025 it was 14% so assuming it will expand all the way up to roughly 20% assuming that the company can increase its profitability. Now in terms of the enterprise value TB multiple you can see it as a more refined price to earnings multiple here I'm assuming 25 times in 2025 it was 40 times so as the growth in the company will decelerate I'm assuming right that the multiple will compress in the coming years okay so let's continue to the free cash flow growth here I'm assuming 17% growth on average per year and that's in line with the same growth the company has had in the past 5 years now in terms of the free cash flow yield that's how much free cash flow we get relative to the share price in 10 years time here I'm assuming 4.5% that's higher than the 1.7% we've seen in the past 5 years as I assume free cash flow to grow and the multiple of the company to compress and finally the discount rate I've used when discounting all the future free cash flows is 11.5% which I think is quite fair for a company like Spotify and yeah here you can see a summary of all the growth rates I've applied to revenue and free cash flow for Spotify in the coming 10 years now here I'm assuming quite high growth in the next few years and then decelerating growth in order to stay conservative. Now, this also assumes that free cash flow will grow at a higher pace than revenue as that's in line with our investment thesis. We're investing in Spotify not only as they expect to grow revenue, but also free cash flow at a higher pace and that's in line with the company's strategy and what they're hoping to achieve right in the coming 10 years and also what analysts are expecting from Spotify. Now, if we discount all those future free cash flows in our forecast to a present value of today, we get a fair share price of $468 per share, and that's pretty much in line with its current share price. Now, what's really interesting is the annual expected return at 17%, that's market beating in my opinion, but of course, you have to keep in mind that this assumes the bullcase assumptions that are quite optimistic in my opinion. Now, if everything goes according to plan, this is how it could look like for us investors. Of course, we had to invest in the stock today in 2026. That's negative cash flow for us as investors. But we get free cash flow from the company from 2026 all the way up to 2035. This could be as buybacks or as dividends. And then of course, we have to sell the stock in 2035. And that's where the majority of our total gains will come from. So it's basically our total gains relative to our initial investment of today that gives us the annual compound return of around 17% per year. Now the assumptions in my bull case are as I mentioned quite optimistic. Now let's take a look at the bare case as well. Let's assume that revenue growth is not 12% but 7% and free cash flow growth also 7%. So in line with revenue. Now if that would be the case then the fair share price drops down to $242 and then the stock is not trading at a discount but at a 94% premium. This also impacts our annual return. It drops from 17% just down to 1% per year. And here I'm assuming also a much smaller multiple as well for the company as the growth has decelerated quite a lot. Now as a new segment in my videos I'm giving each company a risk score. Now this is of course just for educational purposes and for Spotify I've given a risk score of 7 out of 10. Now there are a few factors that have gone into this rating. First we have the death toa that's not really the big risk here as it's only at 0.8 times. Now what really has increased the risk rating in my opinion is the beta of the company. It's a measure of how volatile the stock is relative to the market average. So a beta 1 means the stock is as volatile as the market average. But a beta 1.67 means that the stock is much more volatile. And finally, Spotify is also in the tech industry, which of course is high growth, but also much more risky in itself. This means that there is higher risk of AI disruption. But in my opinion, Spotify is quite resilient against this risk, but it's still a risk nonetheless, which has all contributed to the risk score of 7 out of 10. Now, with all that said, I also like to compare all the stocks I talk about on my channel in the investment positioning landscape. At the top, we have the undervalued stocks, and to the right, we have the great businesses. So, we want stocks that are up to the right in this matrix. Now, for Spotify, I would place the stock over here. Now, the company isn't really that undervalued. It's pretty much fairly valued in my opinion. But, if the stock price would continue to drop, I would definitely consider adding Spotify to my own personal portfolio, of course, at the right price. Now what truly makes a great stock in my opinion isn't the only company that has a great business and that is also well priced in the market. It needs a third element as well which I call momentum. So let's take a look and see if Spotify has any momentum today. Now momentum of course has less to do with valuation and much more with technical analysis. And here we see a chart of Spotify stock over the past 5 years going back to the pandemic. And we can see that stock price has been all over the place. and then it increases again all the way up to $800 per share. At the same time as the company has really accelerated its profitability over the past two years. Now if we zoom in a bit, we can see that the past few months have been quite tough on Spotify. We see a stock price that has been almost cut in half. In addition, we see a sign of weak momentum where the stock price is below this blue line. That's the 200 day moving average and that's a negative sign for us as investors. Now, on the other hand, we have a positive sign where the stock price has bounced at this blue upward sloping trend line. That's great news for investors. Of course, there's always risk that the stock could continue to decline. But if you're bullish around Spotify for the long term, then it would make sense to maybe start a small position. Now, if you'd like to play it more safe, you could wait and see if the stock price crosses above the 200 day moving average again. But then, of course, you run the risk of getting into the stock at a much higher price. Now, if you are interested in investing in Spotify stock, but believe that the stock price could decline from where we are today, this table shows you what happens to our annual compound return if the stock price declines or if the stock price goes up in price. Now, today we are at 17%, but if the stock for instance would decline by 20% from where we are today, then we could get returns that are above 20%, assuming the bull case assumptions. So, it all depends on where you as an investor feel comfortable entering the stock. Now, as I've shown you in the introduction, I gave Spotify a good rating and four out of five stars as my final rating. And yeah, here we can see all the key considerations that have on it my final rating where the company has scored really well. We see strong revenue, IBITA, and free cash flow growth. And on top of that, we have low debt to IBITA. We also see a high expected annual return from the stock. And in my opinion, this is a company with very strong competitive positioning, a strong brand and reputation, and with quite low legal and macro risks. Now, where the stock hasn't scored that well, first we can see quite inconsistent stock performance. This stock is quite volatile, and lastly, we see a stock that isn't really that undervalued compared to my own personal fair share price. However, if you believe in Spotify's long-term growth story that they can keep expanding their profitability and stay resilient against AI disruption, then this could be an amazing investment for long-term investors. Thank you so much for watching this video. If you found it informative, please feel free to like and subscribe. So yeah, thank you and I'll see you in the next
