---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: SPOT
title: "Spotify Stock Analysis for 2025 | Buy or Sell?"
channel: "Justin Bryant Finance"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: 6_Me6tO6wL8
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_Me6tO6wL8
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Spotify Stock Analysis for 2025 | Buy or Sell?

**Channel**: Justin Bryant Finance  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_Me6tO6wL8

## Transcript

So, in this video, we're going to talk a little bit about Spotify. I'm going to do a full analysis of their stock after Q2 news just came out. And so, this is going for pretty much the rest of 2025 based on what we know right now. Spotify is down 11.59% today on July 29th. So, they've actually been doing really well in general. I mean, they're still up 15% in the past 6 months. Year to date, up 35%. Past year, up almost 92% in the past 5 years, up a little over 140%. So, for the most part, they've still been beating the S&P 500, which is the main goal for these growth accounts. That's the main goal of what we're trying to do on this channel. And we do have to look into why their stock is dropping. Is it going to continue? And what's the outlook for Spotify? So, one thing to keep in mind, this is being made right after their earnings call, which they apparently missed on EPS by 120.78% and missed on revenue by 1.69%. Now, some more information on Spotify. This is clearly just a growthbased stock. You are not buying Spotify to get a dividend. This is not one of those stocks that you would normally want to hold for retirement, live off of dividends, things like that. So, this is not like your steady uh long-term stock or a stock that probably you would want to have in your retirement if you're having to have some sort of income. But if you are looking for growth, then they don't have any sort of dividend yield. This is strictly a growth stock. PE ratio is pretty high, 95.63. A lot of people look for something around the 20s, but it also varies quite a bit depending on the type of returns you're getting for that stock. So now, their financials haven't fully updated yet, so I may have to do an updated version of this a little bit later on. But if you look at where they're at, where they have been, it's actually pretty good for where they have been up until this most recent quarter. But if you look at their balance sheet, for instance, if you were going by March 2025, they had about double the amount of assets to liabilities, which I would usually say is pretty good. Their price to book is 23.01, which whether or not that's good a lot of times varies by the type of company they are, which they are a tech company, so a lot of times price to book is going to be higher. like it's not out of the ordinary for a technology or software company to be anywhere from 5 to 15 plus for a price to book just historically. So is if you're looking at return on assets here. So this would be like usually a lot of times 5 to 10% is pretty decent. They were right at 10.31% in March 2025. Return on capital anywhere from 8 to 15% is normally considered solid. Again, these vary a lot by the company, but generally um return on capital 15.88% is normally considered solid. Again, they did have a rough Q2 for 2025, but sometimes we can't make rash decisions based on one rough quarter. And we can also look at their PEG ratio or their forward PEG ratio. So you can find this on NASDAQ for each stock, but typically anything under a one for this number is considered undervalued. And then above one, depending on how much it is above one is considered overvalued. So you would normally think, well, it's not a good price for that. Well, this is right around the one mark. It's only 1.89. That's not that bad. For instance, there are many companies I've looked at recently that are closer to like three. I remember Tesla had a really high one. I can't even remember the exact number, but it was like multiples higher. So, there are companies that are much worse in the PEG ratio category right now. This is fairly average, I would say, for a lot of the the good companies I've been looking at recently. I don't see any red flags with that. If you look at their EV to EBITDA ratio, which stands for earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization, this is another kind of alternative to like a PE ratio that doesn't involve accounting or tax loopholes or things like that that some companies use to make their uh PE ratio look a little bit better or uh to make their earnings look higher, for instance. So with this, you can use it as kind of another alternative to a PE ratio and kind of use both for your analysis. This one's pretty high. It's at 64.68. Normally lower is better for this ratio, but again, you're also looking at these numbers compared to the type of returns you think you can earn. A lot of times tech stocks like these have much higher potential for earnings. So a higher EV to EBIT DA ratio or a higher PE ratio may make more sense for a high return tech stock whereas it wouldn't for a lot of other stocks that are considered a safer category or a lower risk category. Now based on some of the latest news, let's see what people have been doing. Now this is actually as of July 28th. Um so this has not fully updated as of the bad news yet. But again, there's going to be a spike probably in people selling on this page right here for customers. Customers tend to react based on good or bad news. And a lot of times there's a mass selloff right before a earnings call no matter what. Some of them have great earnings calls like PayPal for instance, which I might cover in another video had a great earnings call, but yet a bunch they're down like five plus% in one day just because the market just sometimes just doesn't make sense. And a lot of times around earnings calls, a lot of times what happens around an earnings call based on sell or buy volume doesn't make sense either. A lot of times there's a lot of selling around earnings calls that doesn't even make sense. Hedge fund wise up to the point of Q1 hedge funds were buying a lot of shares of Spotify. There were also quite a few sold as well and it was kind of trending more in the sell direction over time between Q3 of last year versus Q2 Q1 of this year. So, we'll see how that gets affected based on their um their adjusted outlook as well as their Q2 results. Now, if you look at analyst ratings, they are about a 62% buy rating right now. Hold 28.6% right now and a sell of 9.5%. So, a lot of stocks I look at, they don't really have much of a sell score at all when I buy them, but again, that's not the end all be all. Now you have 42 analysts here and this is a consensus of them still most of them say buy. Again this could update and be a little bit different in the coming week or so but you have to look at the bigger picture obviously with these types of things. Now if you look at Q1 they missed on earnings as well but look how they did since Q1. So, if you look at how Spotify has been doing, they missed pretty badly for Q1 on earnings. As you can see right here, they were kind of just uh raising the bar higher and higher and they missed pretty badly on Q1. A lot of companies probably did because of all the tariff stuff, but if you look at how they've been doing this year, how they did on Q1 did not really affect their price at all. People were still buying Spotify. they still ballooned up to the 600s. And it could be the same thing again. You could make the argument that you would maybe be buying another dip like Q1 you're looking at right around this number right here. It looks like they took a noticeable dip around this time. Many companies did this. This is also hard to figure out because of the up and down tariff news was also right around the end of Q1. So you were talking about well well we might have this huge 150% tariff on China or something and know the whole market in general started going down like if you look at uh the S&P 500 they had a pretty big dip starting around March and going into April before things started going back up. It's pretty much making a V uh graph here. So if you look at Spotify, theirs wasn't nearly as bad. They've had pretty steady growth. Um, if you look at their growth all year long, they've mostly just been going up. They had a few dips around Q1 and around April. That could be because of the earnings miss. It could be because of the tariff situation. It could be a combination of both. Generally, like I said, if you look at what happened after that, they've had really nice growth. If you bought after their Q1 earnings miss, you would have been very happy with what you've gotten so far, you know, and then you might be rethinking after today, but that just depends on your strategy. But obviously, a huge earning earnings miss, and it is still concerning. You've also seen what happens when a company shows a really positive or bullish outlook like Nike, how much people wanted to buy Nike. even though they've been around forever. I would consider them probably a dinosaur stock and many others would as well. But then you see the negative results for Spotify and a lot of people were selling, but at the same time they had pretty bad results after Q1 and they just still they still kept going up after a small dip. Now, if you look at how people talk about whether Spotify is a well-managed company, it there's no one better to ask than the employees themselves. In my opinion, a 4.1 out of five star rating. They're nominated one of the best places to work in 2023. 79% of employees recommend working here to a friend and 75% approve of the CEO. These are stellar numbers. These are very good numbers. If you want to know if a company can turn something around or they don't even necessarily need to turn anything around, one bad quarter doesn't mean there's anything wrong with their business long term necessarily. might need to make some adjustments, but Spotify is still a major player in all of streaming, in music, podcast. Now, they're branching out into other things as well. Let's see what they're actually doing. So, what's what are they actually doing long term? We know what they've done to this point. We know they've been extremely successful at taking over the music industry and being one of the top streaming platforms. And if you look at what could be promising in the future, they're branching out into more emerging markets around the world. They have live experiences that they are experimenting with. They have other things being more of an all-in-one creator platform, maybe even having some monetization, maybe kind of how YouTube works. AI integration as well. They do need to address some uh AI music issues. That might be one issue they have to address going into the future. A lot of people are complaining about that. Um, talking about hi-fi streaming and comparing to uh, Title as a service, you have creator tools continues to invest in tools that empower creators including Ankor and WordPress. And then challenges and competition. So obviously we all know YouTube and Tik Tok are a major competitor to them. A lot of people go on there to watch music videos, watch all sorts of content, listen to content, snippets of podcasts, etc. Monetization, finding sustainable ways to be profitable when they don't really create their own content. They don't create their own originals. For instance, if you were to compare them to say Netflix, they have Netflix originals. One reason they have gone they've grown exponentially is because they didn't just stick around and rely on um other studios this whole time. They created some amazing Netflix originals that were wildly successful. For instance, uh Stranger Things and things like that. And then content creation. Um they're ensuring a steady stream of compelling content, both music and podcasts. That's a major challenge for them of course, but they are still one of the gold standard platforms for both of those huge industries. Um, audio, anything audio related, Spotify is going to try and dominate. And also paying artists is another challenge for them as well. Um, many artists have gone on podcasts and complained about Spotify ruining the music industry. And there's a good argument for that actually if you really listen to them. Obviously, when we are not professional artists who have who are in a band or create our own music, it's harder for us to understand what kind of impact Spotify has had on, you know, the more traditional way of selling albums. But that's another challenge for them as well. So, if you're cynical, you could say, well, how are they going to get much bigger? What major impact are they going to make that they haven't already made? They've already kind of taken over podcasts and music. What else are they really going to do? Are they really going to get into live stuff and venues when they're always kind of considered a streaming platform? Is there some way they can create their own originals? That seems like it'd be kind of hard to do when you're talking podcast and music. Whereas, if you compare to Netflix, that makes more sense because they can create their own movies. Also, they've just done really well. They've been a great growth stock over the past handful of years. They've outperformed the S&P 500 and this dip could either be seen as the beginning of a downfall or it could be to some people an opportunity to buy low. Now, I actually own some Spotify stock, not a huge percentage of my portfolio or anything. I have them as a hold. I actually went through the whole process, broke it down. I do not have them as a sell rating yet. I don't think they're quite to that point, but they're kind of a fringe hold. They're not one of the top ones on my in my portfolio in terms of room for growth right now or a positive outlook. I think they have to prove some things. I think we'll see how they do over the next couple of months, but right now I don't quite have them as a sell, but I don't think I would go out and just buy a bunch of Spotify stock right now either. Obviously, none of this is financial advice and can have a major say of what you should do long or short term with Spotify and other stocks. So, but hopefully helps you kind of look at what may be to come for Spotify.
