---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: SPOT
title: "Spotify (SPOT) Stock Analysis - Will it Grow 2X? Better than Netflix?"
channel: "The Intelligent Investor"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: QKD0_w0JBGY
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QKD0_w0JBGY
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Spotify (SPOT) Stock Analysis - Will it Grow 2X? Better than Netflix?

**Channel**: The Intelligent Investor  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QKD0_w0JBGY

## Transcript

Hello friends, this Victor here. Welcome back to the intelligent investor channel. In today's video, I'm going to analyze Spotify stock. I'm going to explain why I believe Spotify will likely grow 2x or more over the long run. Also, I will explain why I believe Spotify will likely grow faster than Netflix over the next five years. I decided to make this video for several reasons. First, I actually miss out on Netflix stock. I made the mistake of selling Netflix too early several years ago. I actually wanted to buy bad Netflix stock, but it's over right now. So, I wanted to look for the next best streaming business that will eventually become as successful as Netflix. Based on what I know, I believe Spotify is likely the best streaming business that is closest to Netflix. The biggest difference is that Netflix dominates the online video streaming market while Spotify dominates the music streaming market. Now, if we compare Spotify's current market cap to Netflix current market cap, you can see that Spotify is still a much smaller company. At the time of making this video, Netflix market cap is around 3.6 times larger than Spotify. Ideally, I like to invest in great companies or what I call high quality companies when they're much smaller or when they're still in the very early growth stage. Also, when I invest in highquality companies, I like to invest in them only when they're fairly valued or better when they're under value below their interest values. Right now, as you may already know, most US stocks are overvalued. The market is extremely greedy. Again, personally, if I want to invest in Spotify stock, I would like to wait until the entire market is more fairly valued or wait until Spotify is traded below its interest per share before starting a new position. So, in this video, I'm going to analyze Spotify stock to see if it can become the next Netflix. I will explain why I believe Spotify will likely grow 2x or more in the long run or even grow faster than Netflix over the next five years. I'm going to cover these topics in this video. I will talk about Spotify's biggest risk to consider, Spotify's biggest competition, Spotify's financial review, Spotify's long-term growth prospects, Spotify stock ration, and whether I believe Spotify stock is a buy, hold, or sell. Now, if you like this video, make sure to hit the like button, subscribe, and turn on the notification button. I will continue to make many excellent stock analysis videos a week that will help you become a great investor. Each video usually takes me more than 30 hours to make. So, if you like this channel and want to support it, check out my Patreon blog in the video description. Our goal is to help all our members become multi-millionaires through investing. Once you become a premium member, you can follow all the stocks I'm investing for the long term. Follow my personal stock portfolios and download the latest in valution models for all the stocks I'm analyzing. So you'll know when a company becomes undervalued, fairly value or overw ratings for all the stocks I'm analyzing. The link is in the video description. Take a look. Let's start. Before talk about Spotify's long-term goals prospects, I think it's very important to talk about Spotify's biggest risk and competition first. There are several biggest risks we should consider. First, music content cost is very expensive. Spotify's licensing cost is around 70% of total revenue. Second, Spotify does have many competitors including Apple Music, YouTube Music, Amazon Music, and Tensome Music. Third, many investors are concerned that Spotify's growth will slow down going forward because Spotify is likely saturated in its two largest markets, the US and Europe. Spotify's biggest channels has always been the high content cost. Licensing music from major labels and publishers is very expensive. Unlike Netflix, Spotify does not own most of the content it distributes. Its original content catalog like podcast remains very small. Spotify has to pay billions in licensing fees every quarter to the major music rights holders. Spotify's three most important partners are Universal Music Group, Warner Music Group and Sony Music Group. These big three music publishers have huge influence over Spotify streaming business because they have the largest music catalog. More importantly, these big three music publishers often want to earn as much licensing revenues from Spotify as possible. Typically, Spotify has to pay around 70% of its revenues from subscriptions and advertising to music rights holders every quarter. This means Spotify will keep around 30% of its revenues every quarter. This means Spotify's gross margin is limited to around 30% every quarter. If we compare Netflix business model to Spotify's business model, you will notice that Netflix business model is much more profitable than Spotify's. For example, you can see that Netflix consistently shows much higher gross margins over the years compared to Spotify. This is mainly because Netflix produces a lot more original content and it does not have to pay out as much as 70% of its subscription revenue to content rights holders like Spotify. Now looking ahead, I believe Spotify's gross margin will gradually improve to just above 30% over time because Spotify is expanding to more podcasts, audio books, and video content that will have higher gross margins. But realistically, I don't believe Spotify's margins will reach Netflix level. This is because Spotify will still need to rely on licensed music mostly from the big three publishers. Universal Music Group, Warner Music Group, and Sony Music Group. These big three publishers have strong negotiation power when they need to renew their licensing agreements with Spotify. Typically, they will always try to push for higher licensing fees. Of course, this will limit how much revenue Spotify can keep after paying content cost every quarter. Here's another important point to consider. While the big three music publishers have significant negotiation power, they will still need Spotify. The main reason is this. The music industry cannot survive without streaming platforms like Spotify. As you may already know, physical album sales have declined significantly over the years. Most people stream or download music instead of buying CDs. That's why music labels and publishers now depend on streaming platforms like Spotify, YouTube Music, and Apple Music to earn high revenue. The big three music publishers will continue licensing their music catalog to Spotify mainly because Spotify is the largest music streaming platform in the world and it has the most monthly active users. This gives Spotify a huge competitive advantage over other smaller music streaming platforms that have much less users. I mentioned this earlier. Spotify does have several major competitors including Tanga Music, Apple Music, YouTube Music, and Amazon Music. At the time of making this video, Spotify holds approximately 32% of the global music streaming market. Based on what I know, Spotify has maintained over 30% of the music streaming market for many years already. Even though Spotify has several major competitors, including Apple Music, YouTube Music, Amazon Music, and Tens of Music. Going forward, I believe Spotify will continue dominating the music streaming market and maintaining over 30% of the market share because of Spotify's large network effects having the most monthly active subscribers every month. And because Spotify has the most music content compared to other music streaming platforms, I believe this creates a flywheel effect for Spotify, which is very hard to copy. Now let's talk about Spotify's financials so you will understand Spotify's business better. These are the most important metrics we have to look at if you want to know whether Spotify is doing very well right now. We have to look at Spotify's monthly active users and its premium subscribers. We also need to look at Spotify's revenue from premium subscribers. Typically revenue from premium subscribers contribute about 90% of the company's total revenue every quarter. Advertising revenue from free users contribute about 10% of the company's total revenue every quarter. We also need to look at Spotify's gross margin and see whether it's growing every quarter. Spotify's operating margin has improved a lot in recent quarters. Similar to Netflix, we can expect that Spotify's operating margin will continue improving going forward as Spotify scales more, gains more premium subscribers, and spread its fixed cost across more subscribers. As long as these metrics are improving every month, we can expect that Spotify's free cash flow will continue improving over time. I want to show you Spotify's past financials here. I believe they indicate that Spotify is becoming a much more profitable business than before. Here you can see that Spotify gross margin used to be in the 20% range. Now Spotify's gross margin has improved to slightly above 30%. As I mentioned earlier, Spotify's gross margin should improve gradually over time because Spotify is expanded to more podcasts, audio books, and video content that will have higher gross margins. Spotify used to have negative operating margins for many years. Now, you can see that Spotify's operating margin has improved to around 12% in the most recent quarter. Spotify's free customer margin used to be much lower in the single digits. Now Spotify's latest free crossful margin has improved to nearly 13%. If you look at Spotify's operating profit, you can see that Spotify used to have very large operating losses almost every quarter. Now Spotify has started generating consistent operating income since the beginning of 2024. This is my prediction. I believe Spotify's operating income and operating margin will continue to improve over time because of increase in premium and ad supported users every month and because Spotify requires very little capital to grow. Of course, the biggest expense will always be the content cost. For companies that are still in the very early growth stage or companies that are just beginning to generate consistent profits, it's very important to look at their operating cash flow, their capex, and their free cash flow. every quarter. As for Spotify, one important thing to understand is that the business requires very little capital investment or capex to grow. For example, you can see that Spotify's capex is extremely low every quarter. Its free cash flow is only slightly below its operating cash flow every quarter. Spotify's biggest expense, which is content cost, is already accounted for in the operating cash flow. This means that as long as Spotify continues to grow its premium and as supported user base, both its operated and free cash flow will continue to increase steadily over time. This business model is very similar to Netflix business model. The biggest difference is that Netflix will likely continue having higher margins than Spotify. This because Netflix tends to produce a lot more original content than Spotify and Netflix does not need to pay out as much as 70% of its revenue to content rights holders every quarter. Here, if you look at Spotify's earnings per share and free cash sold per share over the past few quarters, you can see that both have shown consistent improvement during this period. This is an important trend because it indicates that Spotify has achieved economies of scale and has built a large user base that will allow the company to earn consistent profits and free cash flow moving forward. In terms of balance sheet, I think it's very important to look at Spotify's total depth compared to its cash and short-term investments. At the time of making this video, Spotify has much more cash and short-term investments than total depth. For example, Spotify has approximately 7.91 billion in cash and short-term investments compared to a total debt of 2.1 billion. This means Spotify can essentially pay off all its debt and still have approximately 5.8 billion cash left. Personally, I like companies that have much more cash than DEP. Now, let's talk about Spotify slaughter ghost prospects. I will explain why I believe Spotify will likely grow 2x or more over the next several years and why I believe Spotify will grow faster than Netflix over the next five years. First, according to this consensus forecast here, Spotify's value is expected to grow by around 16.5% this year. After that, Spotify's value is expected to grow in the low teens each year over the next several years. Second, Spotify's EPS is expected to have very high double-digit growth rates this year and next year. After that, Spotify's EPS growth rate is expected to slow down much more. Realistically, it's very hard to forecast Spotify's growth accurately over five years. I think it's much better to focus on Spotify's expected growth rates over the next three years. Spotify has several major growth catalysts over the next several years. First, Spotify's monthly active users and premium subscribers are expected to grow much more over time. Second, Spotify's gross margin, operating margin, and free cash margin are expected to improve over time. Third, just like Netflix, Spotify will eventually increase its premium pricing again, which will increase Spotify's total value. Fourth, even though Spotify has a lot of major competitors, Spotify has actually gained more market shares from competitors recently. And fifth, Spotify's management has a long-term vision of growing the company from 268 million premium subscribers to 1 billion premium subscribers in the long run. At the time of making this video, Spotify has 678 million monthly active users, including 268 million premium subscribers. As I mentioned earlier, premium subscribers account for about 90% of the company's total revenue while ad supported users contribute the remaining 10% of the company's total revenue. This is my prediction. I believe Spotify will eventually surpass one billion monthly active users over the long term because of Spotify's strong network effects and the fact that music streaming has become the most popular way of listening to music and it's even more popular than downloading music. When people think of music streaming, most people will think about using Spotify first instead of other streaming platforms. Spotify has the most monthly active users and paid subscribers. Spotify also has the largest music libraries compared to other streaming platforms at least in the US and Europe. The largest music publishers, Universal Music Group, Warner Music Group and Sony Music Group will continue supporting and providing the most music content to Spotify because they want Spotify to succeed so that they can earn much higher licensing revenues. I believe all these factors create a powerful flywheel effect for Spotify. More users attract more music content. And of course, more music content attracts more users. According to Google, roughly 7 billion people worldwide listen to music and many prefer music streaming services. I believe this indicates that Spotify still has a lot of room to grow over the next 5 to 10 years. Right now, Spotify already holds the largest market share in North America and Europe. Looking ahead, I believe Spotify will have the largest growth opportunities in Latin America and the Asia-Pacific region because these markets are still underpenetrated for the company. This international expansion strategy is very similar to Netflix international go strategy. I talked about this earlier. I expect Spotify's gross margin will continue to improve over time because Spotify is investing in more content such as podcasts, audio books, and video content that will have higher margins than music content. Moreover, as Spotify gains more pay subscribers, Spotify can spread its fixed cost across a larger user base and improve its operating margin. I also expect that Spotify's free cash flow per share will continue to grow much more over time because of Spotify's increasing monthly active users and pay subscribers every month. Looking ahead in the upcoming quarter, Spotify's management expects that the company's monthly active users should reach 689 million. Premium subscribers should reach 273 million and the company's gross margin should be around 31.5%. I want to highlight an important point from Spotify's recent earnings call. As of now, Spotify has 268 million pay subscribers. Over the long term, management is aiming for 1 billion pay subscribers. This is a very ambitious goal. Management said this. I still very much believe that this business is uh a lot bigger than most people give it credit uh for being. uh you know I'm in fact um because it's 19 years uh I do want to reflect back uh a little bit on history. I'm feeling in a little bit of a reflective mood today. But um you know I um uh I remember back in the day uh when we hit a million subscribers and we had an internal strategy days where I said the goal was to get to 100 million subscribers and I communicated that around the same time to the music industry and I think most of them thought I was completely nuts. Um and uh you know for them I think it was even crazy to imagine that the whole industry let alone one player would have 100 million and obviously we're way past that now and you know uh if you ask me what is the northstar goal here on how many number of paying customers we could get I don't know but I don't see it impossible to get to a billion subscribers and you know uh where does that plot us on a year-over-year growth uh rates I don't really you know, and I'm not entirely focused on it, but it's a much much larger business than the one we're currently operating. >> Here is another growth catalyst that will increase Spotify's revenue. Similar to Netflix, Spotify will increase its premium pricing gradually over time. For example, Spotify already increased its pricing in July 2023 and then later in June 2024. Also, Spotify will likely add more plans to increase its revenue. Spotify will continue adding new plans that will likely generate additional revenue. For example, Spotify already added audiobooks access that cost $10 per month. Spotify is also considering to add a new tier for music pro users that will have even higher pricing. Now, let's take a look at Spotify's valuation. There are different ways to value Spotify stock. The easiest way is to look at Spotify's four Ps and its expected growth weights over the next three years. At the time making this video, Spotify stock is greatly overvalued based on these four PS and its expected growth weights over the next three years. For example, this year Spotify's 4p is expected to be around 71, which is very high. Next year, Spotify's 4P is expected to decrease to around 49, which is not cheap at all. By 2027, Spotify's 4P is expected to decrease to around 37. This is still a bit high. Looking at these four Ps over the next three years, I believe Spotify stock is likely overwhel Spotify to find its fair value. This is from our upcoming investing software that will be released this year. This fair valuation tool tells you when a stock is likely overwin function and nest 100. The orange line represents Spotify's fair value over time. The blue line is the stock price and the dotted lines are the price targets. According to our fair watch too here, we believe Spotify's fair value should be lower at around $626 per share. Our price target is much lower around $577 per share. The endless average price target is much higher at around $720 per share. Now, by looking at these three here, especially the farewell line, I beef Spotify stock is greatly over. Now I also calculated Spotify's interest value using this interest model. I always use this interest model to calculate each stock's interest value. So I will know when a stock becomes under value fairly value or over value. If you want this interest model, you can download it from my Patreon blog. The link is in the video description. These are the key assumptions in this calculator. First, I define Spotify's interest value as it future free cashs discounted to the present day. I used a discount rate of 10.5% here. You can use a high discount rate here if you want to be more conservative. Based on the biggest risk and the expected growth rates I talked about earlier, I believe Spotify's value will grow a compound annual growth rate or kegger between 10% and 15% each year over the next five years. My base case scenario is that Spotify's value will grow around 12.5% annually over the next five years. I believe Spotify's monthly active users and paid subscribers will continue growing over time, especially in the international markets such as Latin America and Asia Pacific. I used a longer growth rate of 7% to calculate the terminal value. If you want to be more conservative, you can use a lower long-term growth rate to calculate the terminal value over the next several years. IBF Spotify's free cash margin will improve gradually over time. Spotify is a Swedish company. It reports all its financials in euros. So I have to convert all these financials from euros to US dollars. Having said that, let's go over these three case scenarios. Worst case, normal case and best case scenarios. Under the worst case scenario, we forecast that Spotify's revenue will grow a cure of 10% each year over the next five years. Then Spotify's interest should be around 134 billion for the entire company or $635 US per share. I'm given this scenario at 25% probability year. Under the base case scenario, we forecast that Spotify's revenue will grow at a character of 12.5% each year over the next five years. Then Spotify's interest value should be around 148 billion for the entire company or $74 US per share. I'm giving this scenario a 50% probability here. Under the best case scenario, we forecast that Spotify's value will grow a category of 15% each year over the next five years. Then Spotify's interest should be around 164 billion for the entire company or 778 US per share. I'm given this scenario at 25% probability here. If you add all these numbers here, Spotify's intrinsual model to estimate Spotify's interest value, which should be around 123 billion for the entire company or around $587 per share. If we calculate the average of both WA models, I believe Spotify's interest should be around $646 US per share. If you consider all the Wsh methods I show you earlier, I believe Spotify stock is still greatly over now. So is Spotify stock a buy, hold or sell? At the current price, I believe Spotify is a hold. If the stock drops below its interest around $646 US per share or lower, then I will consider Spotify a buy. I plan to start a new position in Spotify. Once it drops below its interest rate, around $646 US per share, and if it drops more, I will likely buy more shares. That said, I will likely limit Spotify's waiting to around 2% to 3% of my portfolio. My investing strategy is to concentrate on the highest quality companies, those with very strong fundamentals, large economy modes, great long-term growth prospects, increasing earnings, and increasing free cash flows over time. The highest quality companies always produce the best returns in the long run. I like to buy their shares only when they're likely under value. For example, in this account, I focus on these outstanding companies such as Nvidia, TSMC, Meta, Amazon, Microsoft, Broadcom, Google, and AMD. They are the market leaders in the industries. Most of them are near monopolies in their markets. This my prediction over the long term. I believe Spotify still has a lot of room to grow, particularly in the international markets like Latin America and Asia-Pacific. I expect its monthly active users and premium subscribers to keep increasing over time because of the growth catalyst I talk about in this video. Since Spotify is still much smaller than Netflix and is not yet saturated in many markets, I believe Spotify will likely grow faster than Netflix over the next five years. Now, all these my opinions and my analysis that's based on my research. They are not financial wise. There are always risk associated with investing. It's very important to invest in what you know and not speculate. You will need to do your own research and do your extra dose first before investing anything. Thank you for watching this video and supporting our channel. This is Victor from the intouch investor channel and I will see you in the next
