---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: SPOT
title: "Is Spotify A Buy At All-Time Highs? | SPOT Stock Analysis"
channel: "Valuation Investing"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: vqSSFurPU0o
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqSSFurPU0o
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Is Spotify A Buy At All-Time Highs? | SPOT Stock Analysis

**Channel**: Valuation Investing  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqSSFurPU0o

## Transcript

Spotify stock is up nearly 132% over the past year. And if we look at the past 5 years, it's up almost 212%. And only year to date, it is up a whopping 57.5%. So with this in mind, I'm going to be looking at Spotify stock to determine what price we should pay for the stock after this huge rally it has been in. But first, let's talk about what Spotify does. Even though most of you probably know what Spotify is, Spotify is a streaming service that streams music and offers subscriptions for people to purchase to in order to listen to music adree or you can listen to Spotify with ads, which is how the company makes their money with Spotify. I'm going to be looking at a few metrics to look at the financial health of the company. The first thing I'm going to look at, however, is the PE ratio, which doesn't really have much to do with the financials. However, it is mainly the valuation of the company. And right here we have a trailing PE ratio of 110 on Spotify, which means the price of the stock divided by the earnings per shares comes out to about 110. With this, the stock market on average is at about a 20 PE ratio. Meaning for the stock market on average, you would be paying 20 times the amount of earnings of the entire stock market. So, as we can see here with Spotify, they have a pretty high valuation, which means you'd be paying a 5x premium compared to the stock market if you bought Spotify today. And now, if we take a look at the Ford PE ratio, we have a Ford PE ratio of 66.23. It's very similar to the trailing PE ratio. However, with the Ford PE ratio, it's the price of the stock today divided by the expected earnings per share in the next 12 months. So, as we can see, this is a lot lower than the trailing PE ratio, which is a pretty good sign and also shows that analysts expect the company to grow at a pretty fast rate. So, while the trailing PE ratio is very high and the Ford P ratio is very high, it doesn't look terrible when you compare it to the Ford P ratio to the trailing PE ratio, which honestly Spotify could be deserving of this premium valuation because of the earnings per share growth rate that is expected from them. Now, I'm going to take a look at Spotify's revenue growth rate. I want this to be growing at a greater than 5%. And as we can see, over time in 2018, they had $6 billion in revenue. And as of right now, in 2025, they've reported $17.4 billion in revenue. So, they've been bro so they've been growing pretty consistently at about a 15 to 20% rate. It did slow down a bit in 2022. However, it has reacelerated their revenue growth rate. So, this looks pretty good for Spotify. However, I would have expected their revenue to be growing at a greater rate just because I've just because of the valuation that Spotify is trading at, I would have thought that they would be growing at at least 30%. However, Spotify is a pretty good business and has a pretty good mo and competitive advantage. So, later on in this video, we'll be valuing the company to see what we should pay for the stock. Next, I'm going to be looking at the net income of Spotify, which is the amount of money that they are making. And as we can see, since 2019 to about 2024, there has been negative earnings from Spotify besides in 2019. However, as of recent, they've been making money and I've reported about a $1.2 billion in net income. So, at least they are accelerating this earnings growth rate and and starting to turn profitable. Now, let's take a look at the shares outstanding. And I want this to be decreasing over time. I want the shares outstanding to be decreasing over time because because if the total amount of shares increase over time, say you hold 10 shares and over time it increases by 10%. That means your holding will decrease by 10%. You'll own 10% less of the company that you did if they just increase their shares by 10%. However, if they decrease their shares by 10%, you would actually own a greater percentage than 10 shares from the beginning that you owned it. So basically, if they buy back shares, that means basically your overall holdings of the company will increase without you buying any more shares. So you will hold more of the company. So with Spotify here, we can see they've actually been increasing their shares, diluting us investors. So that is not good for us. However, I think this could be good just because Spotify is a fast growing company and their stock seems to look pretty overvalued so far. So, this might actually not be terrible because they are actually selling shares and making money off this and potentially reinvesting back into the business and making even more money than they would if they bought back shares. So, it's not the worst thing. However, normally I would like to see buybacks, but it's still not terrible, especially for a fast growing company like Spotify and only a company that's been profitable for about a year. Now, I'm going to look at the total debt divide by equity ratio. And I want this to be less than 50%. If this is less than 50%, that means they'd have more than double the amount of equity compared to their debt. So, we want them to have more than double. And as we can see here, we have a 34.87% 87% total debt to equity ratio for Spotify. So that is a check mark and is less than 50%. And I also want to add if we take a look here at the total cash of Spotify, they have almost $7 billion in cash. And if you compare that to the debt, they only have $2.18 billion in debt. Meaning they could just basically pay off their debt right now and have and have over $4 billion in cash. So they look very good financially on the balance sheet. So that's a good thing and is I I would say there's almost a 0% chance for them to go bankrupt in the next say 10 20 years unless something terrible happens. This looks good for Spotify's balance sheet. The final metric that I like to look at is the analyst expectations of their earnings per share growth over the next 5 years. And I want this to be greater than 5% showing that analysts expect the company to continue to grow at a decent rate because what people don't really tell us about in the stock market, it's not really gambling and it's not betting. The only reason a stock will go up as long as it's fairly valued is because of the earnings per share increases over time. If you buy a stock at a fair value and their earnings per share grows at 5%. But if you bought another stock that was fair valued and their earnings per share say grow at 20%. The stock that grows at a 20% rate will give you a greater return. So we want the earnings per share to be growing at a decent rate in the future which is the main reason a stock will increase in value. And as we can see here, over the next five years, analysts expect them to grow at a whopping 41.2% rate. So that is much faster than what they have been growing over the past in revenue. But I do think this could be achievable, especially because they just turned profitable and they can bring these margins up significantly and also potentially buy back shares could also increase this rate. So, this looks pretty good for the future earnings per share growth rate for Spotify. Now, I've gone over to the intrinsic value calculator that I use to value and see what price I would be willing to pay to buy Spotify today. So, the first thing that I have to do is use assumptions of the future and and I have to put in what I believe Spotify could grow at with their revenue over the next 10 years, year-over-year. So, as I can see here, over the past 5 years, they've grown at about an 18% and over the past year, they've grown at about a 15% rate. So, with this in mind, I think a revenue growth rate of about 12% is fairly reasonable. So, I'm going to put a revenue growth rate at 12% since it has been slowing down pretty decently. And I do think they're starting to get bigger and bigger. So, over time, the revenue growth rate will decrease over time. So now I'm going to go to the net profit margin over time. As you can see, in the past one year, they've had a net profit margin of about 7%. And over the past 10 years, they've had about a profit margin of -7%. So while we don't have very good assumptions for the future for Spotify, we can go ahead and look at Apple Music gross margins. While this won't be an exact representation of what their profit margin will be, and this is also just the gross profit margin, not the net profit margin. So, we have about a 74% gross profit margin for Apple Music, which is a competitor of Spotify. While this doesn't give us a whole lot, this does show us that I believe that the Spotify's net profit margin will definitely increase in the future. I'm 100% certain of that. However, this is a total guessing game of what I think the net profit margin could be. But I'm going to give the net profit margin of Spotify in the next 10 years a 20%. As we can see with Apple, that was a gross profit margin. So that's going to be automatically reduced, especially with Spotify. It's a little bit different from Apple Music. And that also included iCloud, which is a higher profit margin. So with just Spotify, I believe they can get about a 20% net profit margin. Cash conversion rate we will leave at 100%. And the terminal PE ratio, while Spotify is growing at a pretty decent rate, the stock market is at about a 20 PE ratio. So I do think that they deserve a slight premium to the market. However, their Ford PE ratio of 66 is way too high. And especially their trailing PE ratio at 110, I just believe is way too overvalued. But I believe in the next 10 years, they could have a terminal PE ratio of 25. And finally, with the discount rate, I'm going to put a 15% discount rate. And I always do a 15% discount rate because if we compare to the market, that averages about a 10% return. So, we want to be beating the market by a decent margin, and we also want to have a margin of safety. In case these assumptions aren't correct, we need to have a slight margin of safety that we could still outperform the market even if our assumptions are wrong. So, as we can see with these assumptions, I have a fair value price of Spotify at about $496 per share. And I believe if you believe these assumptions and you bought this stock today, I think you can make about a 10% return year-over-year. So, it's definitely not a bad investment right now. But I do think it is very uncertain of the future, especially with the net profit margin. I would personally wait at least a few years to invest in this company for it to be more established and see where the company is heading. And I do think this as of today it's way too overvalued. But that's just what I think. And I think you could once again make an okay return, make about market average return if you bought Spotify today. So thank you guys for watching. This is valuation investing and see
