---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: SPOT
title: "Spotify Stock Drops 12.2%: Here's What You Need to Know"
channel: "Asymmetric Investing by Travis Hoium"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: wixhGzC8nwk
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wixhGzC8nwk
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Spotify Stock Drops 12.2%: Here's What You Need to Know

**Channel**: Asymmetric Investing by Travis Hoium  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wixhGzC8nwk

## Transcript

Shares of Spotify are down big on Tuesday after the company reported second quarter 2025 financial results. As I'm recording, shares are down about 10%. And this has been a pretty consistent drop throughout the day. The big takeaway here is there was foreign currency impacts on the results. So it depends on how you're looking at the results. Are you looking in the euros, which is where they're reported? Then it looks like the sales that were made in the US are less valuable than there than they were a year ago. That's what some of the foreign currency impacts are. So a weak dollar can be good for US companies, but it's therefore negative for European companies, which is what Spotify is. They do report in euros. But the other thing is Spotify stock had just run up so much that it had gotten really expensive. So those expectations had gotten maybe a little bit too high. This is one of the reasons that I continually say here, price is actually important for investors. It's not just about the business underneath. You want to pay a good price for a great business. you don't want to pay any price. And that's kind of where we had gotten to with Spotify stock. So, I have not bought this stock in quite a while. One of the biggest positions that I have in the asymmetric portfolio, but my purchase price is significantly lower, about $165 per share. That's because I'm just letting the stock run. So, today's move doesn't really worry me, but I want to dig into the results. So, let's dig through that. My name's Travis Hoyam. Thanks for watching Asymmetric Investing. Please subscribe here on YouTube for all my content, and thanks to this video sponsor, The Mly Fool. If you go to full.comym, they'll give you their top 10 stocks to buy right now. Let's go to the earnings report. And this is always where you should start. Start things with Spotify's results. The nice thing is they give the exact same information in this table every quarter. So, look at the year-over-year numbers from a user standpoint. Monthly active users up 11%. That's pretty solid. You're already getting the point where almost 700 million users. They are on their way to having a billion users on the platform in the next couple of years. premium subscribers were up 12%. So that's what's going to drive their premium subscriptions and really ultimately drives the business. And then adup supported monthly active users only up 10%. Financial results, here's where you're going to start to see the impact of foreign currencies, but premium revenue only up 12%. So that's exactly the same as the number of monthly active users on the premier side. Adup supported down 1%. I think the current constant currency number for the adup supported business was actually up 5%. So still not good but not terrible and they're going through through some changes in their ad supported business. This is one of the things that management talked quite a bit about. The lead on that ad business actually left recently. So they are being replaced. I would expect or hope to see some acceleration in the ad business over the next year or two. Gross margin continues to be really good about flat from the most recent quarter but we're now at a consistent 31.5%. If they can stay in that low 30, maybe even up to 33, 34%, that is really good for Spotify, that's a level I didn't think I'd ever see the company getting that high because they do need to share revenue with their suppliers, with musicians, with audio partners, things like that. And then their operating income up 53% from a year ago, but down slightly from the first quarter and really, really good free cash flow. So, on the surface, everything's going well at Spotify. The question is, were the expectations just a little bit ahead of where the actual results are going to be? This is the challenge when a stock moves as much as Spotify has over the past few years. The the business has not grown 500%. If even though the stock may be up 500%. So, we're just balancing those expectations. That's what I think today's move in the stock is really about. Here's their guidance numbers versus what they actually reported. So, on almost every single metric, they're doing better than expected. users, subscribers. This is really ultimately going to be the most important thing is are they going to be able to continue to attract users? They gave some information on the conference call about how I believe it's 45% of paying audio users or music listeners are using Spotify. So, they have a vast majority of the market share there or the biggest market share there. And then I think it was actually 60% of the listening hours were on Spotify. So, that was really interesting. revenue, gross margin, and operating income were actually a little bit disappointing. That is in large part because of foreign currencies. This is one that I always like to highlight. 33% gross margin for the premium business and the ad supported business, 18.3%. So, pretty solid margins there despite the fact that the ad business isn't growing the way that you would hope it would. Their operating expenses, these were coming down for quite a while. They ticked back up a little bit in this most recent quarter. Part of that was social, what they call social charges. And then here's that free free cash flow trend. That's ex, this is exactly what you want to see from Spotify is that free cash flow continues to move up. Trailing 12 months, almost 3 billion euros. Thanks to our friends at the Molly Fool for sponsoring this video. Visit fool.comym for the top 10 stocks to buy right now. So why is the stock down today? Let's look at this chart and just go through some of the changes that you've seen. And this goes back to June 2022. So just a little over 3 years in this chart. And you can see that the stock price is up 500% over that period of time, but revenue is only up 51%. That means for the stock to increase that much without revenue growth, you're going to have to have a big increase in the price to sales multiple. This is the multiple expansion I talk about. There's really four ways that stocks are going to go up. You're going to grow revenue, you're going to grow your margins, you're going to grow your multiple, or you're going to buy back stock. basically just reduce the number of owners of the company. The biggest driver for Spotify's stock over the past three years has actually been that multiple. This is the price to sales multiple because it takes out that profitability piece. But we could also see the same thing going on in price to earnings multiple. But you can see that everything's moving in the right direction. Operationally, revenue is growing. Compound annual growth rate 16.3%. So that growth rate is coming down just a little bit. That mean that's because they didn't have a bunch of price increases that went through in this most recent quarter. So, that's something to keep in mind. Free cash flow continues to be really strong and growing. The question is, and this is what the market is thinking about, is just what do you pay for a stock like this? How much of a premium should Spotify be getting? Should the company really be trading for a price to earnings multiple that's right around 100? That's a pretty expensive multiple. Isn't quite as expensive expensive on a price to sales multiple because they don't have those really really high margins you typically have with technology or software companies. So a 7.6 price to sales multiple actually pretty high for Spotify. This is where is as investors we need to think about the difference between the business and the stock. The business is doing very well. The momentum continues to be very strong. This is a stock that I would love to own for the next 5 10 unless we see any real flaws in that business. I think you're going to continue to grow. They're going to be able to ratchet up their prices for premium. The ad supported business has been disappointing but I think there's still opportunity there. And then there's opportunity to expand into more markets. Video seems to be going really well. They talked on the conference call about adding more allocart offerings. So they're going to be able to do that with some of the changes that the app store has made uh recently. So we'll see if they're able to kick up that growth to more like 15 or 20%. I would love to see that. That would help solidify the stock value, but I don't see there's but I don't think there's any real flaws in Spotify's business today. Now the valuation is a different story. I don't think the current valuation on the stock is really compelling as a buyer. Now, as a current shareholder, I'm not selling. So, there's a difference between buy, sell, and hold. I don't need to buy shares of Spotify because it's already part of my portfolio. I also don't want to sell because the business is doing well. So, I'm just in that hold category right now. And that's I think where a lot of Spotify investors are. The valuation is going to fluctuate over the next year or two. wouldn't be surprised if this is one of the companies that pulls back a pretty significant amount if the market pulls back. That multiple has just gotten really high. But unless we see real flaws in the business, I also don't see a reason to sell the stock. So hopefully that's helpful in putting Spotify's quarter second quarter results into a little bit of context. I think there was a lot of positives. There's also a lot of opportunity for the company to improve those operations. And we are in kind of a wonky place with things like artificial intelligence. What are they going to be using it for in the future? They talked about how it's impacting the way they're delivering music, the way they're building playlists, the way that customers are even interacting with Spotify. That's going to change and hopefully improve in the future, but this is the company that has the user base and has the innovative credentials to be able to continue to grow and use those AI tools and things like that as a tailwind. So, I love where Spotify is sitting despite the fact that the stock is down a little bit today. And ironically, I still don't find it all that compelling from a buy perspective. But all that said, happy to be a shareholder. Let me know what you think about the quarter from Spotify. Leave those comments in the comment section below. Don't forget to subscribe to Asymmetric Investing. Thanks for watching everybody. See you here next time.
