---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: PINS
title: "Pinterest CEO Bill Ready goes one-on-one with Jim Cramer"
channel: "CNBC Television"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: A_fmAhdXqUg
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_fmAhdXqUg
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Pinterest CEO Bill Ready goes one-on-one with Jim Cramer

**Channel**: CNBC Television  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_fmAhdXqUg

## Transcript

>>> NOW THAT EARNINGS SEASON IS  WINDING DOWN, WE CIRCLE BACK TO  SOME OF THE BEST STORIES IN THE  PAST FEW WEEKS.  TAKE PINTEREST, THE SOCIAL  MEDIA PLATFORM/VIRTUAL PIN  BOARD FLIGHT.  STOCKS SOARED OVER 20%.  OPENING NUMBERS WERE  INCREDIBLE, AND BECAUSE THEY'RE  IN NOVATION OF AI HAS MADE  PINTEREST MORE ATTRACTIVE TO  USERS AND ADVERTISERS.  FIVE YEARS IN THE PUBLIC  MARKETS AND WE TOOK THE  OPPORTUNITY TO SIT DOWN WITH  PINTEREST CEO BILL REDDING TO  FIND OUT WHAT IS DRIVING HIS  COMPANY'S SUCCESS.  TAKE A LOOK.  >> BILL, BIG DAY FOR PINTEREST.  FIVE YEARS.  GIVE ME SOME REFLECTIONS?  >> WELL, YOU KNOW, IT HAS BEEN  A REMARKABLE JOURNEY FOR  PINTEREST, A DECADE PLUS AFTER  FOUNDING.  PINTEREST IS STRONGER THAN  EVER, WE JUST PASSED 500  MILLION MONTHLY ACTIVE USERS.  WE HAVE PUT UP SEVEN STRAIGHT  QUARTERS OF ACCELERATING USER  GROWTH.  THE THING I LOVE MOST IS THAT  AT THE CORE OF IT, WE ARE  WINNING WITH OUR USERS,  PARTICULARLY WINNING WITH GEN  Z, WHICH IS NOW MORE THAN 40%  OF OUR USERS.  WE ARE WINNING BY DELIVERING  THEM POSITIVITY.  WHEN I CAME INTO PINTEREST,  THIS IS ONE OF THE THINGS I SET  OUT TO DO, WAS TO PROVE A  BUSINESS MODEL FOR SOCIAL  MEDIA, CENTERED ON POSITIVITY  RATHER THAN ENGAGEMENT VIA  ENRICHMENT.  COMING UP ON TWO YEARS IN, WE  HAVE ACCELERATED USER GROWTH,  WE HAVE ACCELERATED REVENUE  GROWTH, BUT WE ARE DOING IT BY  DELIVERING PEOPLE POSITIVITY,  NOT FOLLOWING WHAT IS SO COMMON  IN SOCIAL MEDIA VIA ENGAGEMENT  VIA RAGE, BUT GIVING PEOPLE  THINGS THEY LOVE, ACTION  ABILITY, BUT SPECIFICALLY  TUNING A OFFER POSITIVITY AND  WE SEE IT CUTTING THROUGH WITH  OUR USERS.  GEN Z WILL TELL YOU ONE OF THE  BIGGEST REASONS TO COME TO  PINTEREST IS IT IS AN OASIS  AWAY FROM THE TOXIC OTHER  SOCIAL MEDIA.  >> AT THE SAME TIME, THESE  PEOPLE HAVE A PROCLIVITY ISSUE,  THEY HAVE A STRONG COMMERCIAL  INTENT.  >> THAT'S RIGHT.  >> IT'S NOT LIKE YOU GET THEM  AND NOTHING HAPPENS.  >> THAT'S RIGHT.  THIS HAS BEEN ONE OF THE  FUNDAMENTAL CHANGES OVER  PINTEREST OVER THE LAST FEW  YEARS.  HISTORICALLY, PINTEREST HAS  SOLVED DIGITAL  WINDOWSHOPPING'S, BUT YOU  COULDN'T TAKE ACTION ON THE  THINGS YOU FOUND.  NOW, WE ARE OPENING THE STORES.  PINTEREST IS WHERE GEN Z GOES  TO SHOP.  WE MORE THAN DOUBLE THE NUMBER  OF CLICKS WE SEND TO  ADVERTISERS IN Q4, AND THEN IN  Q1, ACTUALLY ACCELERATING  FURTHER IN Q1, SO WE BROUGHT  THE ACTION ABILITY INTO THE  PLATFORM AND IT IS GREAT FOR  USERS, BECAUSE IT IS GOING TO  HELP USERS TAKE ACTION ON THE  THINGS THEY FIND ON PINTEREST,  AND IT IS FANTASTIC FOR  ADVERTISING, REALLY MAKING THE  BUSINESS MODEL WORK WELL FOR  BOTH ADVERTISING AND USERS.  ADS CAN BE GREAT CONTENT WHEN  THE USER HAS COMMERCIAL INTENT  THERE TO SHOP, AS MORE THAN  HALF OF THE USERS ON PINTEREST  DO.  >> I THINK IT IS IMPORTANT TO  POINT OUT THAT YOUR COMPANY  MADE A SWITCH FROM CPU, TO GPU.  YOU HAD A DO WITH NVIDIA.  ONE OF THE THINGS MY DAUGHTER  WAS SHOWING ME THAT IS  INCREDIBLE, YOU DO A COLLAGE  AND IMMEDIATELY WHEN YOU GO  BACK TO YOUR PAGE, THERE ARE  THE ADS THAT YOU ACTUALLY WANT,  AND THEY ARE MUCH LESS  INVASIVE.  YOU ARE ACTUALLY THINKING, I  NEED IT.  >> THAT'S EXACTLY RIGHT.  WE LEAN HEAVILY INTO NEXT  GENAI, ROUGHLY TWO YEARS AGO.  WE NOW HAVE MODELS THAT ARE 100  TIMES LARGER THAN WHAT WE HAD  BEFORE.  WHAT THAT LED TO WAS A FULL 10  PERCENTAGE POINT LIFT IN THE  RELEVANCY OF OUR  RECOMMENDATIONS FOR USERS, BUT  IT IS NOT JUST THE AI, IT IS  THE REALLY UNIQUE SIGNAL WE GET  ON OUR PLATFORM.  PINTEREST HAS ALWAYS BEEN ABOUT  DURATION, BUT WE HAVE REALLY  DOUBLED DOWN INTO DURATION INTO  MAKING IT MORE DEFINED, MORE  GRANULAR, SO NOT ONLY CAN YOU  POST PICTURES OF WHAT YOU'RE  INTERESTED IN, BUT YOU CAN GRAB  ELEMENTS OUT OF THESE PICTURES  AND SAY, IT IS THAT PAIR OF  PANTS FROM THIS PICTURE AND  THAT SHIRT FROM THIS OTHER  PICTURE, AND THIS FROM THIS  OTHER ONE, THIS PAIR OF SHOES,  AND YOU CAN PUT TOGETHER THIS  GREAT OUTFIT.  THAT IS GREAT FOR THE USER,  BECAUSE THEY ARE PLANNING THE  THINGS THEY WANT TO DO -- WHICH  IS PUTTING TOGETHER AN OUTFIT  OR DESIGNING A ROOM -- BUT THEN  IT IS ALSO A REALLY UNIQUE  SIGNAL FOR PINTEREST THAT IS  COMPLETELY UNIQUE TO SOCIAL  MEDIA.  THERE IS NO OTHER SOCIAL MEDIA  PLATFORM THAT GETS THIS IND OF  SIGNAL, THIS GRANULARITY, AND  THE AI IS AS GOOD OF A SIGNAL  OF HOW IT IS ACTING AND THAT IS  A COMPLETELY UNIQUE SIGNAL WE  HAVE THAT YOU WOULDN'T FIND ANY  PLACE ELSE THAT IS LETTING US  TRAIN THE AI TO GIVE BETTER AND  BETTER RECOMMENDATIONS FOR  USERS AND THAT IS PART OF WHY  YOU SEE USERS COMING BACK AT  SHOPPING MORE AT TAKING ACTION,  AS WELL.  >> AND IT IS LIGHTNING QUICK.  ONE OF THE THINGS PEOPLE HAVE  SAID TO ME, JIM, IT IS TAPPED  OUT, BUT I LOOK AT REALLY THE  INCREDIBLE BREAKDOWN BETWEEN  INTERNATIONAL AND DOMESTIC AND  I THINK IT MAY BE SCRATCHED THE  SURFACE.  >> I WOULD SAY WE ARE  SCRATCHING THE SURFACE ON SO  MANY OF THESE THINGS.  YOU KNOW, SHOPPING, WE ARE JUST  GETTING GOING.  WE HAVE ACCELERATED USER GROWTH  WITH EVERY GENERATION.  GEN Z IS OUR LARGEST, BUT WE SAW USER GROWTH IN EVERY  GENERATION, EVERY GEOGRAPHY,  AND WE HAVE ROUGHLY 80% OF OUR  USERS OUTSIDE THE U.S., WITH  LESS THAN 20% MODERNIZATION.  SO, TO YOUR POINT ON  INTERNATIONAL, THERE IS A HUGE  OPPORTUNITY FOR INTERNATIONAL  AND THE THINGS WE HAVE DONE  AROUND SHOPPING, WE STARTED OUR  HOME MARKET IN THE U.S. AND WE  ARE JUST STARTING TO TAKE THOSE  INTERNATIONAL, SO WE SEE  TREMENDOUS OPPORTUNITY THERE  EVEN AS THERE CONTINUES TO BE A  LOT MORE OPPORTUNITY FOR  SHOPPING HERE IN THE U.S., AS  WELL.  >> BILL, ONE OF THE THINGS I  HAVE BEEN THINKING ABOUT, AS  WELL, THERE IS A HAVE, HAVE NOT  WENDED -- WHEN DEVELOPING.  WE KNOW THAT YOUTUBE IS DOING  WELL, AMAZON, OBVIOUSLY.  THE GOOGLE PART THAT IS NOT  YOUTUBE -- AND I WANT TO PUT  YOU IN THAT CATEGORY.  ONE OF THE REASONS I WANT TO --  AND BY THE WAY, I DO NOT MEAN  TO SLIGHT BY ANY MEANS, REDDIT,  BECAUSE THEY ARE DOING WELL,  TOO,  BUT NOBODY AGES DOWN,  THEY AGE UP.  TELL US WHAT THAT MEANS,  BECAUSE THAT IS SPECIAL TO YOU?  >> IS QUITE UNIQUE, IT IS SUPER  RARE TO SEE A MOBILE APP AGE  OUT, NORMALLY IT AGES UP OVER  TIME.  AND AS WE HAVE LEARNED IN TO  CURE RATION, AND MOST  IMPORTANTLY, POSITIVITY, THAT  IS WINNING WITH GEN Z, AND  EXACTLY AS YOU SAID, WE ARE  AGING DOWN WHICH IS ALMOST  UNHEARD OF FOR AN APP, BECAUSE  TYPICALLY YOU GET YOUR MOST  ENGAGED USERS EARLY ON AND OVER  TIME, EACH SUCCESSIVE COHORT --  NOT ONLY ARE WE AGING DOWN, OUR  MOST RECENT COHORTS ARE NEARLY  TWICE AS ENGAGED AS COHORTS  FROM THE YEARS PRIOR.  SO, UNLIKE WHAT IS TYPICAL,  LIKE HOW A COHORT AT THE  BEGINNING IS MOST ENGAGED IN  THE MESS AND LESS ENGAGED, OUR  MOST RECENT COHORTS ARE TWICE  AS ENGAGED AS OTHER COHORTS, SO  WE ARE FINDING OUR BEST FIT IN  YEARS, AND IT REALLY IS ABOUT  THE CURATION, THE RELEVANCY  WITH AI, AND THE RELEVANCY ON  PLATFORM POSITIVITY.  >> I WANT TO GO BACK TO THE  POINT OF POSITIVITY.  HE SAID, GOING FORWARD, IT WILL  BE THE COMPANIES AND SITES THAT  INSIDE COMBAT ERSUS THE ONES  THAT ARE FRIENDLY.  I SAID, WELL, COMBAT IS WHERE  EVERYBODY GOES.  HE GOES, NOT HE PEOPLE YOU  WANT.  YOU ARE NOT LETTER X, A COMBAT  SITE.  >> YES, WE ARE TRYING TO BRING  PEOPLE INSPIRATION.  PEOPLE COME TO PINTEREST WITH  INTENT AND PURPOSE.  IT IS DIFFERENT FROM SOCIAL  MEDIA THAT IS ENTERTAINMENT  BASED.  THIS IS ONE OF THE THINGS I  INTENTIONALLY FOCUSED ON COMING  IN, WE WANTED TO LOOK AT HOW  SOCIAL MEDIA BECAME MUCH MORE  NEGATIVE AND TOXIC OVER THE  YEARS, BUT IT WAS REALLY WHEN  AI WAS PUT IN CHARGE OF WHAT  YOU SEE, AND AI FIGURED OUT  THAT YOU LOOK LONGER AT THINGS  THAT ARE TRIGGERING FOR YOU,  WHATEVER YOUR TRIGGER IS.  WE SHIFTED FROM TURNING TO VIEW  TIME MAXIMUM TO POSITIVE  OUTCOMES, TO FINDING THINGS YOU  WANT TO SHOP OR BUY, AND  TESTING FOR THINGS THAT JUST  MAKE YOU FEEL BETTER.  WE ARE PROVING OUT THAT THERE  IS A BUSINESS MODEL AROUND  POSITIVITY THAT PAYS TO BE  POSITIVE AND WE ARE COMPETING  ON THAT, AND I THINK WE ARE NOT  A BATTLEGROUND IN THE SENSE OF  THE ENGAGEMENT VIA ENRICHMENT  THAT YOU SEE EVERYWHERE, BUT I  THINK YOU CAN PROVE OUT A  COMPETITIVE ELEMENT IN SOCIAL  MEDIA.  I WOULD LIKE TO SEE THE WORLD  WILL SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORMS  COMPUTED ON SAFETY STANDARDS  THE WAY THAT AUTO MANUFACTURERS  COMPETE ON THEIR SAFETY  STANDARDS, WHICH IF YOU GO BACK  FAR ENOUGH, THAT WAS A TIME  WHEN AUTO MANUFACTURERS SAID  THAT WAS AGAINST THE BUSINESS  MODEL.  BUT NOW, THEY COMPETE ON WHO  HAS THE BEST SAFETY STANDARDS,  THE BEST SAFETY RESULTS, I HOPE  WE CAN CREATE A WORLD LIKE THAT  FOR SOCIAL MEDIA.  >> I THINK YOU CAN.  ONE LAST QUESTION.  DO YOU PAY ATTENTION TO THIS  TIKTOK BATTLE IN WASHINGTON?  COULD THERE BE AN OPPORTUNITY  FOR PINTEREST?  >> WELL, WHAT I WOULD SAY IS  THAT GEN Z COMES TO PINTEREST  BECAUSE THEY SEE IT AS  SOMETHING DIFFERENT AND UNIQUE  FROM THE REST OF SOCIAL MEDIA.  HOWEVER, WHAT I WOULD SAY  WITHOUT COMMENTING ON ONE  SPECIFIC COMPANY, IF YOU GO  AROUND THE WORLD, YOU SEE  GOVERNMENTS AROUND THE WORLD  PAYING MUCH MORE ATTENTION TO  WHAT IS HAPPENING WITH SOCIAL  MEDIA.  YOU KNOW, THE WAY THAT SOCIAL  MEDIA HAS FAILED TO PROTECT ITS  USERS ARE TOO NUMEROUS TO  COUNT, SO I GUESS THAT HAPPENS,  YOU ARE GOING TO SEE MORE AND  MORE GOVERNMENTS LOOKING AT  SOCIAL MEDIA AND THE EFFECTS.  AND ON OUR PART, WE ARE NOT  SITTING AROUND WAITING FOR  GOVERNMENT REGULATORS TO TAKE  ACTION.  WE ARE TRYING TO GO DO THE  RIGHT THING, AND APPROVE IT IS  A GOOD BUSINESS MODEL TO DO THE  RIGHT THING FOR USERS.  >> I WANT TO CONGRATULATE YOU  ON FIVE YEARS.  AND MOST IMPORTANTLY,  CONGRATULATE YOU ON THAT  ATTITUDE.  AS A PARENT, GUESS WHAT?  THAT'S WHAT I WANT TO SEE.  AND AS A YOUNGER PERSON, THEY  SHOULD WANT TO SEE IT, TOO.  BILL REDDY IS THE CEO OF  PINTEREST AND WE ARE AT FIVE  YEARS.  WHAT A REMARKABLE JOURNEY POINT  >> THANK YOU, JIM HERDS THANK  YOU FOR HAVING ME.  >>> WHEN
