---
ticker: SNOW
type: podcast_transcript
title: "Earnings Smackdown: Snowflake, MongoDB, Salesforce, and the Rise of Discount Retail"
podcast: ""
date: 2025-12-15
audio_url: https://www.podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/pdst.fm/e/pscrb.fm/rss/p/tracking.swap.fm/track/6bpBPtHL977KJxLX2zPs/traffic.megaphone.fm/GLSS9836135637.mp3?updated=1765437188
language: auto
chars: 45474
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# Earnings Smackdown: Snowflake, MongoDB, Salesforce, and the Rise of Discount Retail

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2025-12-15

---

## Transcript

This show is sponsored by liquid ivy. With the days getting longer and warmer, I'm spending way more time outside. But lately I was hitting a massive afternoon slump. I quickly realized that plain water just wasn't cutting it. I needed a better hydration I could actually trust to keep me going. That's why I rely on liquid iv as an investor. I'm a data guy, so I love that they have scientific advisory board of world renowned researchers. Knowing it's backed by real science gives me peace of mind. In fact, liquid iv sugar free is the only clinically tested hydration solution that has clinically demonstrated to hydrate faster than water. It's also incredibly easy to use. When I'm on the go, you literally just tear the stick poured into the water and enjoy. You feel replenished almost immediately, which completely recharges your battery. My go to flavors, lemon lime, but the mango, peach and rainbow sherber are incredibly refreshing too. It even retains that hydration for up to four hours. Just one stick and 16 ounces of water hydrates faster in the water alone. Powered by liv hydro science and optimized ratio of electrolytes, essenvitamins and clinically tested nutrients that turn ordinary water and extraordinary hydration. Stay hydrated with the vibrant burst of Candy sweet mandarin orange from liquid iv, the science backed hydration you can trust and enjoy. Tear poor Livmore. Go to liquidiv. Com and get 20 off your first purchase with code investing at checkout. That's 20 off your first purchase with code investing at liquidiv. Com. We all know how much of a pain it is to buy stuff online. Just recently, I had some trouble where they wanted an email address. They wanted a six digit pin. What's a six digit pin? They wanted my cell phone number. You have to have a username. You have to have a password, all these things that they want. But sometimes you're buying something online and it's different. That's when you see it. That purple pay button that has all of your information saved, making checking out just like it should be, simple and easy. Shopifies, the commerce platform behind millions of businesses around the world and 10% of all e -commerce in the us, from household names like Mattel and Heines skms and all birds to brands. Just getting started with Shopify, you can accelerate your efficiency whether you're uploading new products or trying to improve existing ones. It's packed with helpful AI tools that write product descriptions, page headlines and even enhance your product photography. Tackle all those important tasks in one place, from inventory to payments to analytics and more theyneed to save multiple websites or try to figure out what platform is hosting the tool that you need. Everything is in one place, making your life easier and your business operations smoother. See less carts go abandoned and more sales go with Shopify and their Shopay button. Sign out for your $1 per month trial today at Shopify com slash beginners. Go to Shopify dot com slash beginners at Shopify dot com slash beginners. Playing an impact and hurting somebody like a Costco trying to be that low price producer. It's really weird how the tariffs are so discriminatory in the sense of like you're hit by them or you're not and it's almost random and you better just hope that the impact to your business wasn't that much. Yeah, it's it's it's amazing how there are certain pockets that it's you know really, really hitting hard and in other pockets, it's not affecting at all. Love this podcast because it crushes your dreams and getting rich quick. They actually got me into reading stats for anything. You're tuned in to the investing for beginners podcast, led led by Andrew saver and Dave aherm. Step by step premium investing guidance for beginners. Your path to financial freedom starts now. Starnow all folks, welcome to investing for beginners podcast. Today, Andrew and I going to do some more earnings call breakdowns. We're going to discuss the differences between the AI world and the real world. We're going to talk a little bit about SaaS companies, and then we're also going to talk a little bit about companies that are dealing with the lower end grocery market. So with that, let's talk about some sas first Shalet's talk sas. Sas being short for software as a service. This week. We are recording this the first week of December. A few notable companies have reported earnings. So we've got snowflake, MongoDB, CrowdStrike and sales force, each of them kind of really showing a different kind of story. So I'm going to start with snowflake first and maybe even combine these two because they're very similar. But snowflake had a huge hit to their stock on their earnings day. It's down eleven, 12%, something like that last time I checked. And for both for both snowflake and MongoDB, they are part of this transition. We always hear about the cloud transition, the cloud transition, according to both of them, management has said things that indicate that when I you know as a casual observer, I'm not an expert in cloud or software or anything like that in my mind, I kind of see like, Oh, the cloud migration has been going on for a long time. It's probably wrapping up. That's kind of always been my mindset. But you hear things from management in these calls and the things that they're are saying and they're they're talking about how it's something it's something different. So as an example for snowflake, they have a migration that's going on in the on prem. So cloud means it's up there in the cloud, it's up in the sky, right? It's in this digital world and not tied to the physical data centers that companies used to have to have this syometrie software. According to snowflakes management, only 15 to 20 percent of those legacy workloads have moved to the modern cloud cytometry software. And I didn't know what that was, so I had to Google it. And Gemini says that it's data acquisition, analysis and visualization. So think about just different things that people are doing with data. I don't remember what it was. Maybe it was we had the guy who wrote signals on our podcast years ago from visual capitalist. I'm sorry, I'm blanking on his name, but it was a great interview. And I think he had mentioned how data was one of those things that's just been growing exponentially and continues to grow. Expentially, I don't need to tell people how much data is growing and how much people are using it, but snowflake definitely lives in that area. And according to them, in their type of migration, their little lane, their niche of migration for cloud, it's still very, very early. So definitely a growth company, definitely still having great growth numbers but losing money. And so it's sometimes hard to gauge where a stock is going to go because even though the company and the business grows, it doesn't necessarily mean the stock price is going to follow. Yeah, exactly. If I remember right, it wasn't snowflake, one of the big ipo companies three, four years ago that kind of went crazy on the ipo. And I think it's probably struggled to get back to those highs since. So it feels even though the company may be performing financially, it feels like it's underperforming because of that benchmark, if you will. Yeah. Yeah to your point, actually, as of right now, it's still trading below the ipo. The ipo is in September of 2020. And I remember the ipo being a big deal for value guys like you and I, because people were saying, Oh, Warren Buffett bought into the ipo, need never buys ipos. And to your point that the stock peaked twice, went up really high, almost doubled both times, but has come down and has not had a nice three, four, five years? Yeah, Yeah. I mean I think it's important to the industry and what it does, but it just seems like it hasn't quite achieved its full potential yet, if you will. Yeah. It's it's hard these companies you can really go down the rabbit hole and you probably should if you're gonna to be an investor in these but as far as snowflake that's kind of the takeaway as I saw if you want numbers on their revenues are up 300 million and there's like I said, still losing money but that's getting better. So at least for this quarter. Okay, all right, I guess it's moving on to salesforce. All right, so next next company up for for analysis is salesforce ticker crm. They recently reported earnings this week and they did they did okay, they for the quarter they were up 9% in revenue so they did 10.26 billion in revenue. Their operating margin, their non GAAP, I should say our margin was up to 35%, and their current remaining performance obligations, or crpo, was up to 29.4 billion, which is 11% increase year over year. And that's actually a good thing. So I think one thing that I wanna touch on a little bit about some of these sas companies, when you're analyzing them, when you're as you start to do deep dives into these companies, you're going to come across a few metrics that may be confusing to you at first. The first one is what's called the rule of 40. And that's a way that some people that will use it's a method people will use in the sas industry to measure the the I guess, the valuation, if you will. And it's a combination of revenue growth and depending on the company, but EBITDA margins or free cash flow margins. And so the companies that we're looking at today are all in the high 30s to low 40s as far as their rule of 40 number goes. So anything above 40, that's why it's called the rule of 40, anything above 40 is considered acceptable. Anything below that is is maybe not necessarily bad, but it bears some keeping in mind for those unfamiliar with salesforce, it's one of the ogs of the software world. It's one of the first companies mark benyoff started many, many years ago to offer apps that you could use online to do different kinds of office software products and different, I guess, what would you call productivity kinds of apps that you could use in in but they have they have been growing for a long time. And the company is also embracing AI and it's it's got a couple of new products that have seen very, very, very big success, growing over 100% revenues for both of those products over the last year. So that's been great. The I mentioned the current remaining performance obligation. That's another term that you probably want to understand if you're going to invest in this space. And basically, what it means is they have been contracted to sell a certain product or a certain platform, but they haven't delivered it yet. So it's not money that they can recognize as revenue yet. And so companies like salesforce will use this. Other companies like MongoDB, CrowdStrike and probably snowflake will use this to indicate what they think the company is going to do in the future. And so in this case, because salforce crpo, easy for me to say, is higher than their current revenue growth, that actually bodes well for the company. It means that a couple things. Number one, it means that they have performance obligations. They have contracted revenue. If they execute. They have contractory revenue that will be greater than what they're doing right now. And the other thing that it's that is great is it helps management that gives them insight into what the company could do if they execute. So as they grow the crpo and they grow their execution, they should be able to see you know increased revenues and it gives them a lot more insight into how the compis doing as as opposed to maybe Walmart who doesn't have quite the the insight into what they might be doing. So those are some things to kind of keep in mind when you're looking at companies like salesforce. Now one thing I will tell you, salesforce has done quite poorly this year. Year to date, I believe they're down 27, 28% for the year. So it hasn't been a great year for the company. They have also been kind of going through a bit of a transition for a long time. The company was very much a serial acquirer. They would they would spend a lot of money and spend and buy a lot of different platforms and products to add onto to what they're doing. They have kind of reversed course on that over the last year or two. And so they've become trying to become air qumore profitable. You know the Zuckerberg idea of the year profitability, mark Beniov tried to pull off the same kind of thing for salforce. It has not it has not been the monster that it used to be, but it is still a potent force in the industry and it's still one of the leaders in in what it is that they do. So it's been an interesting, it's been interesting to kind of look, look, look over the the earnings and how they did. I don't really consider myself a salesman by any stretch, but if I think of crms, I think of salesforce and HubSpot, and I don't really not very familiar with many others exactly who, listening to this, has not used slack at some point in her life, in her business life. And that's that's one of the products that that salesforce offers. So it's just an example of one small thing that they do for for their customers. If you were an investor in this company and the whole like year of profitability thing, how do you gauge something like that? I like how you mentioned how fermeta and Zuckerberg, he played it well. Like Wall Street reacted very well to that whole efficiency thing. And actually they did today too, as we're recording this up another 5%, as he says, he's cutting metaverse spending by like 30%. And then you have maybe another company like like a salforce, maybe trying to do something similar and not getting a similar reaction from Wall Street. So forgetting about Wall Street like as a long term investor, how is somebody supposed to kind of what's your take on interpreting those type of moves for management or that type of rhetoric? That's that's a great question. I would probably because mark Benioff is still in control of the business, I would probably be in part, you have to give him respect because he started the business all those years ago and it's still one of the ogs and it's still you know a powerful force in industry, but it has been an unprofitable it was an unprofitable business for a very long time. And so for them to switch gears like that, I guess I would probably be a little more on the wait and see aspect for me to see if the direction that they're trying to go is going to continue. And I would probably watch you know if I was invested in the business, I would listen to every earnings call, every utterance of management to see, to make sure that that that path is is going to continue. And if there was any sort of change from that direction that would be concerning to me, that's, I guess, probably how how I would try to look at it. I would also try to look at other companies in the industry, if there are any that are this is not a space I play in much. So I would probably try to look around for other comps to see if there's other companies somewhat air, somewhat comparable to give me a reference. Okay. The company is saying that they can achieve, you know, I'll just throw out a number, 30% operating margins and they're sitting at 22%. Are other companies in their industry doing that? Is that feasible? And so that's I guess, probably how I would try to play it. The other the other big thing that I would keep an eye on for any of these companies that we're gonna to talk about is stock based compensation. That is a big, big, big, big part of how they pay their employees, which you know that's a whole other podcast to discuss, but it is something that you want to keep an eye on as you're analyzing any of these companies. People miss meetings and emails and lunches. Which reminds me, I've got to call him back, but my task grounding agent never does. With notion's new AI powered custom agts, my task grounding agent automatically imports meeting notes, emails and other chats that I want and clearly lists out tasks assigned by team member and forwards them a list. No more missed lunches, I mean meetings anymore. Notion is an AI powered to connected workspace for teams. Notion brings all your notes, docs and projects into one space that just works. It's seamless, flexible, powerful and actually fun to use. And with AI built right in, you spend less time switching between tools and apps and more time creating great work. And now with notion's new custom agents, the busy work that used to take hours or never actually happened at all, runs itself. Using custom agents like this helps our team run more efficiently and frees up time to make progress on the actual to do lists instead of just writing them. Than I have this and other agents running on separate schedules, so they only work when we need them, all without ongoing prompts after the super fast initial setup. Try custom agents now at notion com slash investing. That's all lowercase letters, notion com slash investing to try custom agents today. And when you use our link, you're supporting our show notion com slash investing. We have the inside scoop on something that's absolutely taken over the Internet by storm. Live shopping on whatnot is exploding. I've seen the shofirsthand. The amount of product that sells through is just amazing to see, really a breakneck pace. Whatnot has climbed to the top of the App Store and sellers are earning. Small, medium and multimildollar businesses are all growing. That's because whatnot is not just about listing products. People selling on whatnot are building real connections with their buyers to that's resulting in them selling ten times more than on other major marketplaces. In fact, whatnot is the largest dedicated live shopping platform with categories like electronics, luxury, fashion, beauty, collectibles, even cookies. With whatnot, sellers are building real and thriving businesses. The buyers on the app spend more than an hour a day, and they're not just browsing, they're bidding, buying and coming back. If you are selling online or looking to sell online, you absolutely should be on what not. And for a limited time, whatnot will match your first $150 sold in the first month visit. Whatnot dot com slash cell to start selling. That's whhat ndot com slash cell. Whatnot dot com slash cell. I finally had a libulb moment about a stock we've all heard about growing 18a year at a 15 pe. I share this insight in the special deep dive report to subscribers of my Research Service, value spotlight. The report is called a generational moment, reigniting human connections through a tangible network of intangible assets. For a limited time, you can access this research at a discount at einvestingforbeginners dot com slash reignite. That's einvestingforbeginners dot com slash reignite. I wrote about that today. Actually, if you are not subscribed to our free newsletter, too bad you missed it. But I did talk about stock based compensation and kind of digging into the footnotes. And some stock based compensation will have operating leverage, others might not. I mean, what if some of these companies that the very engineering heavy have to rely on those engineers to continue the either way, we don't know. I mean, you could look at like Microsoft and Adobe as maybe good examples of companies that did, but that's not always a guarantee. So 100% agree with what you're saying. Checking the stock based compensation and understanding wheris that stock based compensation deriving from is it the engineers? Is it management? Where is it being spent and how much is it dilating the company? Yeah all important things to understand. I'll throw MongoDB on here, hopefully quickly. They also mentioned how they believe this multi cloud shift, this modernization is still has legs to run. Talked about having seen that run another five to seven years. So he's talking about how they serve hyperscalers and they help hyperscalers. So in this cloud, this abstract digital cloud that is powering so much today, a company like a MongoDB deals with the database kind of similar to snowflake, but for my interpretation is not exactly the same. But Yeah, they're seeing this transformation for workloads that you need to have all this data that gets stored somewhere. A lot of stuff being shifted to MongoDB and a lot of it being this five to seven year kind of time frame is how management is seen is so investors are definitely playing the long game on this one. One of the things I think is interesting, and I know it's not going to be the last time we talk about this, but the whole adgentic AI kind of concept, the future of a gentic AI, this idea that we're going to be as customers, are we able to communicate with these bots that are going to do things for us, like buy stuff for us online or maybe book a vacation and we don't have to think about anything? My hotel, my flight and my rental car is all booked. These type of things companies are investing in and really trying to be the first to really have the best technology in there. And that is driving demand for not just cloud and AI, but then the companies that service cloud and AI like a MongoDB. So what I thought was interesting, another little tidbit is there's lots of kind of pilot, Copilot prototype type AI agents that some of the enterprises are trying to experiment with. You contrast that with a lot of the AI, what they call AI native startups. These companies, where that's their entire focus is trying to get something with a gentic AI or one of these things. And those startups are actually running into issues against some of the technology that competes against MongoDB. So again, I'm far from an expert on this, but like postgrees and Redies, apparently that tech does not have the type of scale that these startups are looking for. And so they are turning to somebody like mongodeb, and that is a great driver for that stock. Just like with snowflake, mongodeb is not profitable yet. Profitability is improving. If you look at the nine months for 2025 versus the nine months for 2024. Profitability is getting better, revenues are growing fast. And it's another one of those like so for the revenues, 18% in the last quarter and then you had 23% year over year on the quarter before that. So definitely growing at those growth the growth numbers and showing that there is strength in this AI services area. But that's that's kind of I don't have much other takeaways from that other than than those type of things. It's it's interesting to see though how much they still think that this trend has a lot of room to run. Yeah, that's been my kind of takeaway whenever I've looked at these companies from kind of a high overview is that they all feel like there's still a long runway ahead for all of them in the different pockets that they that they kind of operate in. I will freely admit MongoDB falls outside my circle of competence, but it it sounds like it's still a very important business to the continuation of the cloud as well as what's happening with AI. Yeah it's it's fun to watch though. Yeah, it is from from the sidewise. It is entertaining to watch for sure. They're up they're up 62% year to date. So well, picking up some momentum kind of Yeah similar to what you're saying with snowflake. Like not the great last two, three, four years, but picking up some momentum right now. Yeah, Yeah, that's awesome. All right. I'm going to throw CrowdStrike out there for full disclosure. This is a company I do own. I own a blistering point zero 2% of the company or something like that. So we did a competition for value spotlight a well back to try to warn about different businesses. And I figured I should probably have some skin in a game. So I did buy a sliver of this company just to make me you know try to force me to pay more attention to it. I would haven't. Really, no, really, no. The skin in the game has not helped. But this this exercise today is forcing me to relook at at the company after not looking at it for a little while. So the company recorded earnings recently. Year to date, the company is up 55%. So they've had they've had a good year so far, you may or may not remember, but a couple years ago, they had a outage, a big Internet outage. I don't remember the specific companies that were impacted, but they were big ones. And so the company took a pretty good hit during that period. And that's one of the risks of investing in a company like a CrowdStrike. So for those unfamiliar with what CrowdStrike does, they are a cloud cyber security company and they specialize in endpoint security, which don't ask me what that is, but they definitely do more than just like your Norton vpn kind of thing. So they specialize working with enterprise customers. So it's very important. Companies has been around for a little while and it has performed very well. So if we kind of look at their wetest quarter, they had they had a pretty decent quarter. They were up around. So see revenues. They did 1.23 billion, so 22% year over year increase. And their subscription revenue, which is the vast majority of their revenue, was 1.1 billion. So that was up 21%. We're going to use another term here. So this is annual recurring revenue, or what's called arr. This is another common term thrown around in sas world. And basically what it means is that they are estimating, based on subscription revenue that they've already generated how much revenue they should do for the year. So it again gives them a good insight into how the company is doing based on the revenue for the company. The company has recently turned profitable, which is awesome. And so this is something that has been kind of they've been going towards for a little while now. And so that's something that's exciting to see. It indicates that they might have some operating leverage for the business. One of the things that kind of stands out about a CrowdStrike compared to some of their competitors, which would include cloudfire and some other ones, is that they have a single platform, and so it's called falcon. And then what they do is they have different modules that they can offer to do different parts of security depending on how much involvement you want CrowdStrike to have in being your security vendor. And one of the things that the company likes to mention is how many how much people are growing, assimilating more and more modules into the business. So it's kind of like a land ding grab. They try to attract people by giving them a good entry point price wise as well as product. And then they people see how good the product is. And more and more people buy more and more modules, which in turn makes cross strimore money. And so one of the things that you'll see when you analyze this company is them talking about five modules, six modules, seven modules and a plus modules and how much those percentages are growing every year. And if I jump over to CrowdStrike or I'm sorry, to fiscal AI real quick, I can I can tell you that. So for the a plus modules last year, they had a 20, 24% growth rate in that, 34% in the seven plus modules and 49% in the six plus modules. So those are all really, really strong numbers. And that indicates that they have a good product as well as something that people like and are willing to pay for to help protect their stuff. So really, really good, really, really strong business. It's run by a really good CEO. Guy knows this stuff. He's been doing it for a while and I trust him. So Yeah, that's about all I got. Okay, cool. Do you want to move on to the real world? Yeah, let's move on to the real world. Okay. Dollar Tree reported earnings and it felt like deja vu really because we talked about Walmart a few weeks ago. And the theme from that was the lower income consumer is currently being squeezed and you are seeing a shift to value from the middle to higher income consumer. So it's similar with Dollar Tree. One of the snippets I saw here, Dollar Tree successfully attracted 3 million new households in Q3. 60% of those came from households earning over 100, zero dollars. I don't know even how they get that data, but somehow they do. But that kind of just reinforces I was listening to a podcast called Bloomberg intelligence, and they were talking about that that whole thing with with the whole income cohorts. And you're seeing it across a lot of retailers, like like a Walmart. You're also seeing it across Dollar Tree. What's interesting about Dollar Tree, they've had all sorts of transition. I guess we could call it, if you want to call it that nicely, there's been an acquisition, there's been a stock price that really got tanked. And one of the guys we had on our podcast a little while ago, Alex Morris, he's written a lot about the company. If you're interested in dollar share, I recommend checking out his substack. But Interestingly, in the year to date, Dollar Tree is up 50%. So pretty, you know Trounson, the S&P for year to date. So is this a turnaround story in the making? A couple other numbers to throw in there that looks actually pretty promising for the company that sales up 9%. That's a high number for if you're talking about like a mature company, 9%, a great number. Comparable sales up 4.2% and inventory decreasing, which I would guess is a good sign because you don't want to see inventory piling up. That would indicate in the retail world that you might have some losses coming down the pike. But Yeah, good numbers and the stock has been doing well. And I guess the I remember when the stock first started hitting into some issues was around the time when they stopped selling things at a dollar. I started selling things at like $1, 25 cenand, then now you even have two, $34, right? And Yeah, there was a lot of uncertainty there, but are they starting to make a comeback? Had a great quarter and are still doing decently well despite some other pockets of the economy not really being all that great? Yeah. Yeah, they I was shocked when I looked at that number and saw how well they've done this year. That's that's pretty impressive, isn't it? Now that springtime is here, it is time to update and reset my wardrobe. Last month, I talked to you guys about how I was getting my shipment from quints in the mail. I got myself a three pack of lemacotton shirts, and they are quite easily my favorite shirts to wear right now. The material is soft but still airy, so I feel cool while I'm wearing it, but comfy at the same time. Looks great, looks premium. And the price was not what I expect to pay for that type of quality. What's cool about quints is they make high quality everyday essentials with premium materials at great prices. How do they do that? Quince works directly with ethical factories and cuts out the middlemen. So you're paying for quality, not brand markup. Everything is designed to last and make getting dressed easy. And with my new teas, it's not just easy, but looks great and feels great too. Refresh your wardrobe with quints. Go to quince com slash beginners for free shipping and 365 day returns. Now available in Canada, too. Go to Quinz dot com slash beginners for free shipping and 365 day returns. Quints com slash beginners, all of you small business owners are familiar with the same challenges we all face. You're wearing so many hats, there's always so much to do. You feel like you never have enough time to get it all done, and you discover time spent on the wrong things. Just keep eps setting you back too much headspace. Focus on accounting, bookkeeping, taxes and admin work steals energy and creativity from the things that really drive your business forward, really drive revenue and meaningfully affect the ultimate results of your business. This is why we have a found account, and we believe you should too. Found is reimagining what business banking should be by putting the time consuming things like bookkeeping, invoicing and tax tools directly into your business checking account. You log in and everything is right there in the dashboard. It's clean, saves time, saves energy and helps you do the things that matter. Take back control of your business today. Open a found account for free at found dot com. That's foundot com found as a financial technology company, not a bank. Banking services are provided by lead bank, member fdic. Join the hundreds of thousands whoalready streamlined their finances with found Yeah. So before we record it today, I never do this, but I actually turned on cnbc. And the moment I turned it on, they were talking about dolar general, which is the company I'm gonna to talk about for a second. They were talking about how well Dollar General and Dollar Tree were doing compared to companies like Kroger, which has apparently hasn't been doing as well. And so they were kind of positing whether these companies are taking market share from Kroger because of they were insinuating because the economy was struggling or that people were struggling to pay for groceries. And Kroger is not known for being a discounter or a lowest price provider of of groceries. And so they were they were positing that companies like Dollar General, dollar store, or Dollar Tree and Walmart could be you know doing really well. They also mentioned that Walmart just hit nine 900 billion in market cap. So that was a record for them as well. Wow. When I think of Walmart, I don't think of trillion dollar company. They do not. No. Don't you have to be a tech company to get membership into that club? That's all I thought. So I thought that was kind of the requirement, wasn't it? Wow, crazy days. Yeah, crazy days. So kind of continuing down the dollar dollar kinds of stores. Dollar General had a pretty decent quarter, not as good as dollar dollar store or Dollar Tree. I'm sorry. So their sales were up 4.6%. So they did 10.6 billion in the quarter. Their same store sales grew two and a half percent. So that's good. They did see an uptick in customer traffic as well. So that was encouraging for them. They also saw gross profits rise to 29.9%. So that was a good sign for the company. And they also saw diluted earnings per share rose 43% to a dollar 28. So they must have been buying back a lot of shares. The company Dollar General year to date is sitting at a oseventy percent for the year. So they've had a pretty nice year so far. Well, Yeah, it's interesting that they don't appear and this is something I talked about Bloomberg intelligence too, but they don't appear to be impacted all too much about the tariffs, which I was talking to a family member who's big on Costco, and I don't know if you saw the other day Costco is suing the White House for because of the tariffs. And a lot of apparently a lot of the Kirkland products are made in Canada. And so those direct tariffs playing an impact and hurting somebody like a Costco trying to be that low price producer. It's really weird how the tariffs are so discriminatory in the sense of like you're hit by them or you're not and it's almost random and you better just hope that the impact to your business wasn't that much. Yeah, it's it's it's amazing how there are certain pockets that it's you know really, really hitting hard and in other pockets it's not affecting at all. Yeah five below to in my mind, they kind of fit in that Dollar Tree, Dollar General kind of business model. They are doing great. And I was actually surprised when I saw some of these numbers. So net sales up to 23%. Comp sales 14%. Diluated the apup 62% and starcount says grew 9% year over year. So they are growing. They're growing quickly according to their earnings call. Little summary here. One of their sharpened focus is understanding cattherine to gen alpha, Gen Z and millennial. If you've been inside one of those, it's definitely a different kind of feel. It's like a Dollar Tree or a Dollar General, but a little pricier. But it's still value, higher value than you'll see at any major department store. I kind of liked the whole books section that they have. I nerded out and saw like a stock market 101 book, politics 101 book. I have snagged one of those. But Yeah a company that is growing well. And I guess if you're an investor, in my mind, the question is, okay, is this a sustainable business or is it just on trend right now? That's one of the things you worry about with with the younger demographic, right? Yeah, for sure. For sure. You know truthfully, I hadn't thought about this company in a while. I it was a hot stock, if you will, on the x machine for a period. And I associated with my daughter's fixation fascination with digit spinners a few years ago. Thankfully, she's moved on from that. But the business model is similar to the dollar stores, but it's, you know, it offers, I guess, a wider range without food and it's you know had a lot of tech stuff. I know a lot of people will go there and buy their their cases for their iPhones. You know, spending 50 bucks from apple, you go to five below and buy one for five bucks. So I admit I've done that too. So makes sense to me. So Yeah, it's I guess that is the big question, right, is can this company continue to grow like that? Especially same sort of sales at 14%. That's those are crazy numbers. And if that if they can keep that up, they've obviously found a niche. And I guess the bigger question is, is is there a risk of saturation with the stores? Like how how many stores can they really put up? Yeah, they're at 19 hundred right now. So if you're comparing it to like a Dollar Tree, Dollar General, plenty of runway. If you're comparing it to a Costco, not as much. So it really depends on where you see. And I think that's one of the things that's tough about retail is it's it's so dependent on where you see. I guess you could argue this whole stock markets that way, where you see the world and how you see it moving, but particularly with retail, something that's so consumer driven that it's they could easily literally walk out the doors and walk next door. So you better have something that's a moat that's sustainable because good numbers will be good numbers until they're not. So I'm not trying to say that five below would be a bad investment whatsoever. I'm just trying to. Bring a little bit of a balanced perspective. Like Yeah, the numbers are amazing. And if you are a fan of the store and the company, it might be worth looking into. But at the same time, as investors, we are also aware of other things that you probably wanna look at. You want na invest in a company like this for the long term. The stock is up 69.9% year to date. So why were we not talking about discounters a year ago? Apparently, we made huge not talking about them because they've been doing awesome. Yeah, they have been Yeah, they've been killing it all. The focus goes to tech and AI. But we as we just saw today, looking at some of these discount retailers or killing it, market cap still only $9 billion, both revenue and earnings per share over a ten year time span, around 19% a year in growth historically have grown a lot. There is a longer track record there. I mean, I really thought that they just popped up maybe four or five years ago, but the fact that they've been growing for ten years plus, it's a company that's been around for a while. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. And obviously, it figured out how to execute on what they're trying to do. Yeah. One other point about that, which I think is interesting, they used to have a section called five beyond, and one of the things they highlighted in this most recent quarter is how they've been able to move past that and yet still have those items kind of scatthered throughout the store. So these kind of these type of moves, it just sounds kind of simple and maybe maybe no brainerish or maybe it's like, okay, Yeah, whatever. It's just a section of a store. But yoube surprised how these type of big strategic moves can impact the companies involved. And then you will see them play out in the financials. And Yeah, for them, this one, it worked and investors are happy at the moment. Yeah Yeah makes me wish I had invested in the companies myself. Any other thoughts about looking at discounters, retailers, growth, sas companies? Like what are the mindsets or the mental models or the tokits? I mean, you mentioned some good metrics that company companies in the software industry are evaluated on. Are there any other mindset, ideas or things to think through that jump to mind when you think of evaluating this stock in this industry or in any industry? Yeah. I mean, that's another great question. I think the way I try to look at these industries is understanding that you can't I think the biggest thing is you can't you can't compare one thing to another. So we can't we can't compare salesforce of MongoDB to Dollar General, and we have to yes, they're businesses. Yes, they make money. Operating margin is operating margin, but you have to kind of understand what's driving the business and where they're getting their growth from. And in a lot of cases, theybe completely different from one another. So I think you for me, it's trying to learn the language of the industry and understanding what it is that they're trying to do and then figuring once I figure that out, then I can try to use other companies in that industry to kind of compare each other. So we're looking at the discount retailers. I'm gonna to look at things like you know same store sales and you know what kind of revenues are they seeing? What are the you know how many stores are they opening annually and what kind of noise are they making about how many stores they think they can continue to open in the future? Because that's really what's going to drive the growth for them. They're not going to come up with some new product that they can sell, like apple can create something out of thin air and have something new to sell. So understanding that I think can be very helpful, and that's probably how I would try to approach it, is just taking each industry as its own entity and trying to understand the entity better so that I can evaluate its potential compared to the other one. I guess the other thing is two is, as we saw today, some industries will do really well and others will not do really well. And sometimes companies in the same industry, some will do great and some won't do great. And I think instead of trying to chase, okay, this industry is hot. I'm going to invest in this sector now. Oh, this industry is hot now. I'm going to invest in this sector. That can be a very dangerous game to play. And I think it's about understanding what you what you understand and what you can invest in and then trying to find the best opportunities you can and each where where the opportunity lies for you as opposed to trying to chase chase returns that that can be a very, very hard place to be. And I would probably try to encourage people to avoid that as much as possible. Yeah super, super. Well said. To the point about you said five below was popular on Twitter for a while. It's done great year to date. But if you zoom out over a 1010 year track period and especially since 2021, you're still down on the stock if you bought the stock in 2021. So it is like if you're you're in this industry for the long hash or like continue to hold and stuff, but like you're saying when everybody's buzzing the ballot industry, that's probably one of the worst times to buy because a lot of that growth that an industry has had is probably already priced in. And so there's not much left for for new investors there. Totally agree. All right, folks. Well, with that, we will go ahead and wrap up our discussion on the earnings latest earnings calls. If you have a sector or companies that you would be interested in us taking a look at, please reach out to us at newsletter at einvesting forbeginners com or you can leave us a comment on Spotify. And we would be happy, happy, happy to do a shallow dive or two on companies and their earnings. And with that, so with that, we'll go ahead and sign us off. You guys go out there and invest with a margin of safety, emphasis on the safety. Have a great week, and we'll talk to you next week. We hope you enjoyed this content. Seven steps to understanding the stock market shows you precisely how to break down the numbers in an engaging and readable way with real life examples. Get access today at stockmarketpdf dot com. Until next time, have a prosperous day. The information contained is for general information and educational purposes only. It is not intended for a substitute for legal, commercial and or financial advice from a licensed professional. Review our full disclaimer at e investing forbeginners. Com looking to upgrade your stock portfolio? If you are a regular listener of investing for beginners, then I have a great podcast to add to your rotation. My name is Brett Shafer, cohost of chitchat stocks, a podcast helping you find your next great investment. On this show, we study businesses, interview vinvesting experts and riff on weekly market commentary. Whether looking for new stocks to buy or simply a fun weekly licovering the stock market, we have episodes that you will enjoy. Discover new stocks and upgrade your investing game by following chitchat stocks today on Spotify, apple or wherever you get your podcast.
