---
ticker: SNOW
type: podcast_transcript
title: "Ep.#458 - Snow White, with Rebecca Alter"
podcast: ""
date: 2025-08-16
audio_url: https://mgln.ai/e/31/pscrb.fm/rss/p/claritaspod.com/measure/afp-9384.calisto.simplecastaudio.com/fd7fc5f6-2d39-4a19-a56f-c31910966c15/episodes/9d122024-9950-49ff-a719-4142e512ba61/audio/128/default.mp3?aid=rss_feed&awCollectionId=fd7fc5f6-2d39-4a19-a56f-c31910966c15&awEpisodeId=9d122024-9950-49ff-a719-4142e512ba61&feed=EOAFriME
language: auto
chars: 108457
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# Ep.#458 - Snow White, with Rebecca Alter

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2025-08-16

---

## Transcript

Hey, it's Dan. These prrolls can get boring quickly, so I'll be fast. Flop tv is back this September 2025 through February 2026 with all new streaming live shows that you can also see video on demand. If you can't make it live, individual tickets and season passes are available at the flop house simpplticks. Com. That's ticspelled tix as well as all the info that is too much to say here. Now, the show on this episode, we discuss Snow White. Snow White, a beautiful achievement in the art of animation. And then there is this movie. Ram, me ow stethat. Hey everyone and welcome to the flop house. I'm Dan McCoy. I'm Stuwart Wellington. I' M Elliot Kalin. And who we joined by today, Daniel. We are joined by Rebecca alter, who is a staff writer at balture, my favorite pop culture site these days. Hello Rebecca. Thank very fair. I like that qualified recommendation these days. There's been great ones in the past, the golden years of the av club. And Dan was just like being careful in case fucking Colombo wandered and was like, Oh, you know you used to read the av level actually says here you said that you like to dissolve the most. The solve is great. Yeah but these days, Yeah, I go to vulture first and foremost. So all right, I'll buy it. I'll buy it. Rebecca, thanks so much for joining us today. Now, was were you chomping at the bit to get it? Snow White is that White? This is the episode that you're joining us for. Actually, I think originally I suggested unfrosted way back and then I fully got like laryngitis and could not speak. And I think I left dna voice note being like, I can't talk. Yeah, Yeah. That's you had watched unfrosted like three times in preparation. Oh, Yeah. I thought this was A, I thought this was a good movie. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. You thought you're coming into unfrosted minute where we talk, we go through unfrosted a minute at a time. Yeah, Yeah, wow. What what a torturous existence that would be. This is like, Oh, thank God. I did appreciate that you left a voice note to prove that you had laryngitis. So you weren't just like, I don't know, I saw unfrosted. I decided to pull the Ricord on this one. See ya. You know? It was like, no, I'm sick, you know? Yeah, doctor said I had nodes nonodes. Oh no. The doctor said, under no circumstances can you talk about unfrosted. It would be your condition. Yeah, they were just hired by Jerry Seinfeld to shut me up. Yeah, big Seinfeld has a lot of tentacles in the American Medical establia year after unfrosted was released, we like we kind of closed the door. The bad the bad word of mouth on this one staunch the bleeding. Well, Yeah. So we did a makeup. We decided to watch Snow White. And what do we do in this podcast? And well, this is a podcast where we watch a bad movie. We okay, there's at least 100 great ones out there is so much as clear. And then we talk about it. This was, of course, the latest in Disney's hunger for shitting all over their animated classes. I remaking mining of their legacy. And I thought that was too harsh, but you were even Harther. I mean, now this was this one that you suggested, Dan or Rebecca, is this one that you were like, I can't wait to watch this thing? It's actually both. Dan suggested it and I was sort of like, I can't wait to watch this. Okay. Yeah, thank you both. Then I guess I mean, you write a lot about theater and vulture, among other things. And this clearly has a desire to like tap into like, Oh, there's a resurgent of love for musicals. We're gonna to combine the old songs that you loved from the original with some really terrible new ones. Well then they're gonna to pump up the old ones like they added they added beats to those old ones. Yeah, Yeah. Well it's psick and Paul who are the mastermind songwriters behind such beloved things as dear Evan Hansen. Okay, Yeah dn, like that kind of that's Yeah a great movie track record as seen on a previous flavhouse episode. Exciting I guess also as the Oh lla land that's that one's gonna stay in the test attime now did you guys so and the the screenplay or I guess it's some musical you could say the book of this really a Schrodinger's comment you made and the screenplay was written by Aaron crewilson who also wrote secretary and connections, other movies along those lines. And so I was that was something I didn't realize till afterwards. And I was like, I assumed that they wanted to bring someone who could write a strong female voice, but I really wish they had leaned into the secretary aspect a little bit more in this version of the Snow White, you know, and it's about galgado secretary ying Snow White. I guess there is A, I mean, was I the only one added to Webster, right? Secretary and somebody. Yeah, urban Webster. It replaces Secretariat, which is when you you make someone be a racehorse for sexual reasons. Yeah. I mean, there is a fucking saddle in secretary. I guess it all connects. It does slathe yarn. Well, I'm going to be handling the plot today. So speaking of the yarn, let's spin a tail. So do you guys have a lot of experience? Like do you have like a good relationship with the original good relationship? Yeah. The or the like Snow White, the huntsman's, there's like three of those. There's a bunch of them. Yeah, there's mirror. Mirror was one of them. Yeah, that was that was kind of have any of them been like bangers? Have any of them been awesome? The original at first Disney so White. The cartoon, yes, is pretty good. Gorgeous gto be like it has elements that I understand why for this movie they're like, okay, well, let's update this or whatever. Although in almost every case that they do it, I think they do it poorly. So it's you're in a position or like I that I wish I was watching that refrigade great version of this story, but Yeah, otherwise I don't know. Well, it's also, it's so sad because the original was the first feature length animated, but I know technically that's not and like there were there was some like alternative styles of animation in the 20s or whatever, but this is considered like the first, it's the first feature length Disney anyway. And that animation is like more sophisticated then the animation in this movie, which to be clear is like 95% still animation. It's just like, Yeah, bad animation. No offense to anybody who worked on. I'm sure you all tried really hard. Guys take and they them spi'm sure they're not offended now. But no, we were watching it and auwas like, this is this is what it would look like if you just fed Yeah the old Snow White into an AI and was like make a live action looking version of it. Well, it's that's the saversion of the saddest aspect of it to me. And we're jumping I feel like we're jumping ahead past the movie into final judgments in some ways, but well, is that the visual style of the original is so beautiful and unique for what it is. And the visual style of this just feels like it's that same general Healy heavily cg. Everything's kind of oranges and browns and a certain type of blue and weird rounded shadings, and the lighting doesn't look like it exists in a real world, but instead in a sort of like like fake simulated world, it has that kind of AI visual style feel to it, which is very strange to come from Disney, which at its best is innovative, and it's uncanny and soulless, etcec, etc. Well, I think these live action remakes are so spiritually similar to AI for me, even though they're not. There's something about remake this thing, feed it through compute, like there's something so anti creative, like just the impulse to make these at all. Yeah, they're just too bad. It's just too bad that this is what they have to do, because the original idea minds went dry years ago. You know Yeah dorv's mind the earth's resources for original ideas. I mean, they said that were we were hitting peak original idea during the specscreenplay boom of the 90s and they were right. It's been just going down ever since then. And now we looked for alternative sources such as remakes. Yeah, it is weird because this is a movie where like the running theme is that there's this like bountiworld we live in and you can harvest it to a certain amount. And you're talking about a situation where they have strip mined all the ideas completely. Yeah. Well, they were talking about how you can harvest the bountiful goodness of the Disney back catalog. That's what they well, speaking of this bountiful goodness, that takes us right in there, because that's the first unnecessary song of the film. I mean, every song is unnecessary if you think about it. But why not have them in? But let's talk about the movie. Shall we all take you through a little movie called Snow White? So we start with, as always, a hedgehog sleeping on a storybook. And some squirrels open up the storybook. This is clearly hearkening back. Like they got like real animals to do this ship. They've got real animals that they trained and then they put makeup on them to make them look like cgi animals. And so they're all wearing cgi prosthetics, little makeup, little mocap suits. Yeah the mocap suits and mo hasuits. And so these squirrels open the book, clearly harkening back to the early Disney movies, which started with those storybook openings. And that storybook has a voice, iceover, that tells about how there was a virtuous king and queen. No such thing, in my opinion, but a virtuous king and queen who want a child, they get a princess during a snowstorm. And the implications that looks out the window. And he's like, I think I have a name for this little thing. Yeah. The implication is that the princess kind of like that they found it in a snowstorm, not that it was born in a snowstorm, that because it's, you know, they don't want to talk about like it was a hard labor in a carriage in a snowstorm. You know, there's so much placenta in that carriage right now. Oh, they had to they just dripped out the lining and they had to refurbish the whole interior of the carriage. Yeah, you never get that smell out. And they named her Snow White because she was born in the snow. And they teach her about love and generosity. And they sing ang that song about it, about the bountiful goodness, if that grows in the earth. And they also look into a wishing whale. And this song goes on for a long time. This is a long song. There's a little coorio, though. You get some stuff to look at this a lot Corio. But very ugly, very coo clapping and I feel like what it well a lot of clapping and stomping at different points and there's they are going for, Oh Hey, I feel like you can watch a Disney movie now and you know exactly what kind of song they're trying to get with each of their songs and. I think trying the content is a little different, but they're trying for the feeling of the opening of beauty and the beast where belell is singing about being in that town. You see all the people in the town and it's so amazing. It's such an amazing song and it's such a sequence in the fucking world shows up Gaston, and then we get a really cool song. Finally, Yeah, finally. That is absolutely what they're trying to do. But the thing about that song is it's not just a big opener. It is establishing things about the story. Whereas and the characters, Yeah, Yeah this is like a completely eous extra. Well, you could say you could say it's a thematic song that it's trying to set the theme for the movie, but the movie doesn't play off that theme really at all. So it is very extraneous in some ways. But we also get to see that snow whe's, a nice little girl who hands out pies and things to people. And because monarchy, it rationalizes itself by providing a pitance to the people that it leeches off of. You know, but also this pie thing I realized later on is like, Oh, the point of like the pie, could some over here stick in my thumb and pull out some screenplay stuff? I just stick in your thumb. And I thought you were adjacent Biggs, for a moment. How dare you, sir? Yeah. Hi, Chris. No, this I realized later on like this is to like layer in like the thematic significance of the apple later on. Yes. Yeah. And I'm like, we don't need the backstory for why an apple is what is being used you know, to put her to sleep. Like there can just be an apple. Really a strange a strange stance for backstory. Loving Dan McCoy to take. Well, they don't think modern audiences would understand why a Young woman would take a bite out of an apple unprompted when handed to her by a weird old Croone. Instead, they're like, shouldn't it be like a bag of tkies or like stickers? Or at least that would explain why it like turns into a skull. Sometimes it's like a lenticular bag of tki. That's how they make it. So we flash forward. Snow White's mom dies. Has to, it's a Disney movie. Her dad marries a beautiful evil witch with a magic mirror. Everything about this, this woman screams evil all the time in a way that should, like, ideally would would again want. They want it to sit in the classic Disney villain world where the villains are just kind of like outwardly villains and are super melodramatic and let's face it, almost always coded as either gay or like in some way melodramatically queer or something like that, or blesque or something like that. And here the queen takes over the kingdom and sends the king off to war, and you're like, Yeah, she's evil, right? Like everybody gets that. She's super evil. And I guess the implication is just that she is like, this dad is so thirsty for this queen and that he's gonna to do whatever. And I wonder if, I wonder maybe I'm the only one who's picking up dude. She's the fairest in the land. She's the Fathis this like even much higher. Maybe it's that secretary writing in there, a much higher psychosexual dynamic running through subtext, running through this and like that her need to be the fairest in the land. It feels at a certain point to me to becomes so much like that. She wants Snow White so badly, you know, and it's and it's not that she wants to be the most beautiful, most powerful so much as like needs she needs to possess her in a way. And maybe I'm imagining that I, her falling down in my job is pervosoid number one because like I did not pick up with any of that. Okay, well then, I mean, I am pretty little bit all at the same time. I mean, I, it might just maybe it might just be because I've been writing the Harley Quinn book and they're literally the bad guy is like lusting over she's lusting over Harley all the time. So maybe I'm just imagining the Harley Althia relationship in the queen and Snow White. That could be I mean, ultimately, that's one of the things that I miss the most when they translate these animated movies to these digital slot movies is the like horniness that's injected by like lonely animators. Like you watch like hunchback in Notre Dame and you're like, damn, these guys are fucking hard. Yeah. I mean, like because you have that whole song about how hot screthe the lead actress is. So we have like eight minutes of voiceover. It goes on for a long time, this voiceover, to tell the story. But we finally leave the voiceover. When Snow White shebecome, a servant imprisoned in the castle by the queen, she is mopping up. When a handsome thief will learn his name, Jonathan, no less, name shows up and steals some fruit from the kitchens. He briefly privileged shame Snow White and tells her to stop just thinking about helping others and start actually helping others. Y'all, what do you think about this guy? I don't like that he has like a little like a little hoodie on under his jerking. And I also don't like his like fuck boy behavior, dude. Like he's constantly shaming Snow White. And I'm like, but she's like in the running for Ferris in the land, and she's a princess and she's like the daughter of the dude you love. Well, also the fact that when you see her, she's literally mopping the floor. So it's not like she's doing something particularly princess. He you know, he does not know that she's the princess at this time. He thinks that she lives in the castle, but he does not know that like because seems even weirder for him to shame her, because if she into the castle, it makes sense because then it's like it's his own insecurities later on when he finds out she is the princess and he's like, Oh, I Liyou but now you're the princess and you're out, out off limits or whatever. Okay, I get it, man. I like it. This care classic. I like this character in theory. Like they're basically just porting over Robin Hood and sticking him in as like the love interest rather than just a prince, you know and like it gives at least something for this guy to care about. It makes it gives him a thing. Yeah Yeah. And you know like in a movie that still buys into the idea of like benevolent rulers, like at least it give some sense of like I don't know, the underclass, but he is a boring guy. He's boring. He's very handsome. He's got a great voice. But but I feel like the characters, but but also the character keeps sliding back and forth between, I do this for the king. Actually, I'm just a thief. I don't believe in anything, but I do love the king. No, I'm just a thief. I don't I don't have any ideas. Is he a theater guy? Is this actor a theater guy? Yes, he is a theater guy, I believe. So what's the Andrew burna? Is Andrew Burnap. He's done a lot of Shakespeare. He got award for the inheritance. Oh Yeah. We also glossed over the fact that we also get a back story, which I'm sure we all needed, about why Snow White has a Bob. Wait, Yeah, really, I missed that part. Well, because in the original, she just sort of has a chic little Bob and it goes modern hair haircut for the time. And in this, they have to be like, well, we need to explain what's the explanation that the galgado cuts it off with the sword as a show of dominance? She cuts Snow White hair, you know as a way of saying, your mind now I possess you with all the rights and privileges that entails. It's all in there to it's a horny animator. I guess it's weird when you're a horny live actioner that's the troubling thing. So you believe that' S Morton and you're just any director. I guess that's you're every director that's ever worked in film. Yeah. So she asked the queen, she goes, I goto help the people. They're struggling. Queen, can I bake some apple pies for people? And the queen is like, no, the people need a hard leader who's made of steel and she sentences the thief, Jonathan, to freeze to death by being tied to the front gate ates of the palace. And snow whites like give him clemency and snow whsings a song about wanting to escape her fate and is she gonna to be the girl that her dad said she could be or something? And before you freak out, these old fairy tales were full of fucked up it like, yes, freefreezing a thief is pretty normal. This this song. Yeah you're in a fairy tale. You freeze a couple thieves just by 9:00a.m.. Yeah then by noon, it's a lot of cutting kids fingers off and pulling the eyes out of fisherman road is littered with frozen. There's just a guy walking around the sausage stuck to the end of his nose saying, kill me, kill me, please. Yeah. This song essentially also replaces someday my prince will come. Yeah and I understand the desire to do this because they want to give the female lead more agency and not be just like I'm waiting around for some dude to like come. But I would argue that the song that they placed with is not a good pick for that because she's is like singing, like waiting on a wish and it's like, okay, so you're still waiting for some like magical outside force to help you rather than you doing something like if that's the goal of the little lesson she's learning in the movie, she's the lesson she's learning movie. You can't just wait for a wish, you goto make a wish happen Yeah like the movie wish, the Disney movie wish another great mining of I just sort of the idea of Disney ip Yeah that it's so like would to celebrate 100 years of Disney but it's kind of making a thing that feels like other Disney stuff but it's not it doesn't reference it at all you know Yeah anyway, so I hate to interpt you guys but let's get back to this story. Just moving the conversation. So she frees the thief and he runs off and he goes, you know, you can leave the castle with me and she's like, nah, I'm not gonna but the queen saw snow weight do this and she asked her, magic mirror, the magic mirror, which is the most cgi looking element in in the whole thing, don't mind that. I don't mind so much, but I wish that they like, I don't know, made it look cool. The magic mirror in the original movie looks so cool, like it's such a yeary spooky thing. You know, I agree with that. But I also feel like all of the stuff surrounding the mirror and the evil magic is the stuff that looks best in the movie because it is borrowing most directly from the way the original movie looked. So even though it's a pale copy, I'm just like, Oh well, this you know this looks cool. And so she asked the mirror, who's the fairest of them all? And the mirror is like, not you. And she's like, what? And so as in the story, she takes a huntsman, she she spits out her drink Yeah all over the mirror. Who's the fairest of them all? Not you, my queen. Okay, great. That's good. Whoa. It's all of the mirror. The mirror has a magic hands that comes out and wipes the face for a dead fan. Just clear clean the mirror with wind x and the mirror like, Oh, don't get it in my mirror eyes. Yeah, Yeah. The I would love all that. I mean, why is there never has there must have been like a big slapstick, goofy version of Snow White at some point, right? Well, there was a Betty Boop one that came out around the same time as the Disney one that was very slapstick, I bet was pretty slapstick. And I bet cab Callaway was probably in it that was never, Oh, you know, they had the rotoscope machine going on. Oh Yeah, for sure. That's I remember as a kid seeing those cartoons and not only how they were made and just being loving them, but being so confused by how suddenly the animation suddenly became so smooth and again, also how the cartoons would suddenly stop for coco the clown to become a jazz singer and just and just Sing Sing a swing song and then go right back to the movie again, to the story again. I'd be like, what is going on here if it gets so eerie or like the movement suddenly became so natural, even though his legs are getting so long and short. Yeah. Oh man. Like a regular Pedro Pascal so so she she orders the huntsman takes no White to the apple orchard then you're gonna to kill her and bring her heart back in a box which is I guess we're the we're the I guess that's the inspiration for the nirvana song heart shape box right probably Yeah can I pause here quickly to say that I've brought you guys an offering this better be a human heart Oh this is amazing. Oh what is it's does need promotional live action. No, like popcorn bucket. Oh, it looks like the box from the movie that the heart is in. I will say how much you can fit a fair amount. A popcorn is fair amount. Mine is already like, hoi have suxed with this thing. Go down dude. Yeah you may have seen Rebecca online doing some popcorn pocket reviews. She's on the Oh, what's your favorite time? Journalism is really thriving, you guys. Well, I just got to play with the galacs one, which is approximately 20 inches tall and two feet wide and its eyes glow. I mean, that's a lot of popcorn right there. My arm goes all the way down it. That's incredible. Wow. It's like it's as close as you can get to a bottomless pit of popcorn, pretty much. But Yeah, this the Snow White box, it's a bit more humble. I like the bii, kind of like the box shape. I feel like that would be in some ways a lot easier weout of. So it's kind of like a trough. Anything that falls while you're trying to eat it just goes right back in the box. It's a virtual cycle. You could fit like two hearin there. Thank you all future guests. Now you take note. Bring offerings. So so the huntsman takes Snow White to pick apples, but he can't be able to kill her. She's just too nice and too fair. He tells her runaway, and she runs in the dark forest and she's pushing past trees and owls and bats are flying at her. And I kind of like this part. I mean, I love this sequence in the original movie. This is one of the places where I think the unreality or the the uncanny valley reality of the AI type visual style works a little bit more because it feels so you know hallucinogenic, it feels so fantastic a moment where they're like, Hey, it's similar to some of the stuff with the mirror where they're like, Hey, we are, we can kind of do anything with this technology. Let's like play around with it instead of trying to desperately try and make it look real. Yeah. And this is this is when the movie most closely resembles Valerie's week of wonders, you know the the Czech fantasy film. So I was like, Oh, that's good. Okay, of course. So she eventually, she followi think they said they were intentionally referencing that. Oh, Yeah, probably from of Press material. So she falls through a pond, a sheep of friends, a ton of cgi woodland creatures. There's just like a shit ton of chipmunks and squirrels and deer and little birds and stuff. And she follows this deer to a cottage, and rabbits lead her into the cottage. So if the police arrest her for break king entering, she can be like, the animals did it. It wasn't me. And she falls asleep across some very short beds. Look, could these beds belong to I mean, their names written on the names are like carved into them. Yeah this is when we enter. And what would have been the titular seven dwarfs if this was still called Snow White? And the seven dwarfs, it's just called Snow White. And of course, they sang hiho, but it's like a super sized version of the hiho song. Like it's got Sony more verses. They go to a mine, they're racing around in mine. Tip bull has a fucking verse. St, right. Yeah, it says behind seven dofeet ball. Yeah, it's about living in Miami. Lost him in the mind. And I want to say about these songs, though, even the, even the, look, I don't like the new songs. I feel like an old man saying, like the ones that are funnier. I like to be a man in your 40 ties and to be like this song in a children's movie. It's not as good as the song in the older children's movie. I don't like these costyle show tunes. I want the old style. I don't. I just, Yeah, I not as fond of. I mean, these are songwriters. I apologize to them. I guess in the out in the world, I generally don't like that much. But even the older songs that I do like, I found the orchestrations of them really bad. Like there's something bad about it, like the way it was mixed. I mean, I don't know when, it just didn't sound okay. I thought there was a really prominent banjo in the next that I was picking up on and nothing with that. There's nothing I think was during high hope. I remember the banjo, and that was one of the few things I was like, Oh, this is fun. This feels right for these doors. I'll say, hi ho. I felt like it was one of the more successful songs he dothis, if only because, like, it's still fun. The eneris up the whole time. It goes on for a long time. But like, and they're using it to introduce the different characters 's personality ties, because it otherwise would be impossible to tell what grumpy is like, or sleepy, or sneezy. There's no way of knowing what they're like. I mean, sure, there's their names, but unlike in sibly song, they didn't add like a little crude like extroverse in there, did you? I was like, Aly's gonna hate this. You didn't clock that. They had like some sort of off color joke right in the middle of the revamped, you know, Dean is ally song. Oh, I don't remember that part. You know, I was also, I was taking notes and doing the dishes while watching this. Maybe so I didn't, maybe I'm not have picked up all the nuances. So, but I did notice they racrun in mind carts like it's donkey Kong Country. Love that love of mine. Cart race can't kick it. Enough of those. And I will say this about the dwarfs. They look scary. Did you guys feel this way? Like, I feel like their design is very off putting and very like very just. I imagine a child being scared by them, they're abominations. Like it's truly one of the worst looking things I've ever seen in, it's not bad. Like it's lazy because it's a very specific character design that I've never seen anything quite like this before. And I found them really repulsive. Like even their skin was full of these these big pores, but and it looked waxy and their faces were, it was horrible. They looked like lawn gnomes. Like come to life in like in a hyper realistic way. Like I mean, it looks like those YouTube is always trying to tell me that I want to watch what would cartoon characters look like if they were real? We, you know that people use AI for and it looks like it does look like that. It looks like you took a long nome and you said, Hey, I make this real and and it kind of gave you one of those. And it's Yeah there's like a hyper detail to it, but their faces are all kind of stretched. And I wonder if there was also the desire to not make them look too much like real human beings, because then it becomes a matter of, are we utthering? You know there was a whole thing, like Peter dinlidge in particular, was like, you should not use little people for this because like you're like turning them into some sort of other creature, you know, and that's a bad idea. So they were originally, I think, going to, and then they swung far in the other direction of like, okay, like let's make these exaggerated cgi gnome. Like but there's storthere's a way to make a little gnome old man, little gnome man, very cute. Like, Yeah, look at fucking Hoggle baby. Or you know, like David Yeah, or David the gnome. Thank you little little of man. David the gnome is incredibly give them little rosy cheeks and make them very cute. I was saying Hogle from labyrinth, you know. Oh, right, right. I shared your name, David the gnome. I think the only thing you're up against is that it's maybe the most boring cartoon in the history of television. That was the show that was A I remember as a kid watching Nickelodeon and David the nowill come on and be like, well, I have to watch this because it's television but I'm not gonna enjoy it at all. Yeah you cross your arms, Rebecca. It looks like she's receding into herself. Like how dare you, David. Need to be honest. I've never seen 1s of David the nome. I just just googled cute nome. I mean, it's one of those things. It's one of those near me. You've just seen that. You've just seen the rule 34 interpretations of David nome. I will say it's one of those shows that if my kids watched it, I'd be like, this is great. It's gentle. Like it's not it's not loud. It's not frantic. But as a kid, I was like, let's amp it up, come on and get a shot of energy into this. So there's also, if David had a machine gun. You know, now that David, the nomes in the public domain, he can finally be a killer. So the dwarfs also, they have, we meet their personalities. They have magic hands that glow when they locate precious gemstones. That's a thing that never really does anything. It's it's just a thing thing they do for a moment. They go home from a day of mining, just a day of tearing the bounty of mother earth out of her guts to replace it with empty hollow tunnels and a fractured subi. Mean, honestly, those tunnels are pretty spacious. Like from what I know about mining, they have it pretty good there. They to end, to be honest, and they're just doing that with pickaxes. So I mean, they talk about how they've been working together for centuries. It takes a long time to dig a tunnel that is roughly the size of the interior of the Metropolitan Museum of art with a pickaxe. Like that's amazing that they did that. And and they're also probably union members. Like, well, that's the thing. We never we never see them take a vote on anything. We never see them talk to their reps. So I'm not sure Yeah what are they doing with all those jewels? Because that seems to be a rich cache of emeralds and rubies and such. And they don't seem to be wealthy. They're all living together as roommates in a little no, no. I think I saw the subtext is I think that it's not so much that they want the jewels and they want to be rich, so much as they want to keep other people from accumulating things because it would make them feel lesser if other people had more. And so they they just hoard all those gems and don't let anyone else have it. They're very selfish, very selfish characters, but that's the world we live in. Snow White anyway, let the scales draw from your eyes. Yeah. Originally, when they're naming them, they're like, well, their primary characteristic is selfish, but that's all of them. So we need to differentiate. They can't be just greedy one. Greedy too. Greedy. Greedy. Yeah so they get to the, they get to the house, they find Snow White sleeping. They run around scared. Oh no. And they accidentally leave dopey alone in the room with her. He's the he's the dwarf who cannot tawho in this version looks a lot like alfredy Newman, which I which I find very funny. Yeah he looked like a combination of like horrible ugly cgi gnome man and Tom Holland. A lot of Tom Holland in there. Yeah I can see Radom together. Yeah and is he's not bald in this version, right? That he has hair or no, he's got a full head of Brown sort of Tom Holland color hair. But it's I do find him, I found him the most unsettling the because he has the most like human like features. The others have slightly more examples I was making like quote unquote cute expressions, but that's very like repulsive with the aforementioned issues with like how their skin looks up close. Well, there's I feel like there's also, there's always a problem with a character that really wants you to love it and and it's not quite connecting whereas the the doopi and the original one he does, he's always tripping over things and like you know, he's got those long sleeves and everything, you know, he can't help above him. Come on, he's these balhe's a bulk. He's like a, he's like a bald little gnome. How could he not like him? You know, conception of this dopey part of the problem is, and this is going to sound like an anti woke screed, which is obviously obsuminto this so you knew it was going to, despite what Steart and Elliott try and say, is not my vibe, but like I think that the idea is like, Oh, we can't make dopey dopey. That would feel wrong now. But like the original dopey is just like a lovable Harpo style goof. Like why I always assumed he was called dopey because he was a heroin addict. Right, right, right. This was pushing like so far into like like this is like I don't know the holy fool sort of thing but it is trying so hard to like tug get your heartstrings that it's the holy fool was originally the title for baby's day out Yeah I think it was Yeah guys, which is your favorite dwarf? I think you can guess what mine is but your Oh Yeah short well my favorite is dwarf from dwarf goes fishing and dwarf plays golf. Yeah Tim Conway. Yeah Yeah he's cool mines Kimley I meant among these doors. Okay, now I have to rethink I don't know probably there's a doctor one right he clarifies in this that he's not really a doctor but he has forceps. Yeah Yeah I mean again, there's a lot again that's the secretary stuff coming in. Yeah Yeah I like I the closest I'm come to liking one of these is grumpy because I think grumpy I don't like. He doesn't he's less horrific. I mean, even in the original, grumpy grumpy and dopey are clearly the two that you're meant to like invest something argto dopy because he's super cute and grumpy because he's the one who has a change of heart. You know he's the one who doesn't like Snow White and then by the end is is crushed that she's been hurt. So it's well, whereas the others are just kind of around like bashful gives us shit. You know what? Pipe up, dude. One. And there's the one who was it happy who was always hungry? Like there's no there's none of the money hungry. But what he was like at the end, I think it's him who gets some food and he's like, myeah like he's always talking about food. I like that because that's not your thing. So anyway, there's there's like a sleepy one, right? There's sleepy. He's always sleyeah Yeah and do you know what the one is? Sneezing is called? I like Mike. So so she gets left behind Adobe, but she's gentle to him and they guess, Oh, she's on the run. She's in trouble. But against grumpy wishes, they agree to hide her at the house. Meanwhile, the queen's mirror is like, dude, Snow White still alive, dude. And the queens sings her bad guy song. Every bad guy gets a song in Disney movies. How did you guys feel about this bad guy song, which is usually my favorite song in a Disney bad, like the aforementioned hunchback of Notre Dame. Yeah, I mean, hellfires, the best song in Notre Dame. I love porn. I mean, there's a number of great songs in the little mermaid. I love poor unfortunate souls. Like there's Yeah, this you get great songs from just, I mean, the scars song in the original Lion King. I love it. You know, be prepared. There's a split decision from me on here. This is one of the newer songs that as a song didn't bothers me as much. I like, thought the song was okay, but I galgadeis not really much of a singer. So that was the problem. I think this was the highlight of the movie for me, because I do think it's where galgadot's limitations as a performer are thrown into the starkest relief. And the whole time, the whole movie, she's making like a smirk. She's playing with her long nails and she really thinks she's eating, but she does think that she's doing that good of a job. And she's simply like, it's it's horrible. And that's very fun and delightful. So you had a, this is the high point from a shadenfreud point of view. It just, well, an entertainment point of view. And and it's so cruel to her because it's making her this song, especially the lyrics. It's asking of her to say so many things so fast and actually sing so many things so fast. And she's did she do her own right? They they don't have a stunt voice. Sounds like it. I would assume they would have gotten a better stunt voice. Yeah. Also, I would imagine that part of her taking this rothat, she's like, I want na, I want na, I want to I want to show off my pipes. And it's a song about what's it called again, it's it's something about she says, ambitious girls must be vicious girls at some point. It's the songs like I'm evil. Yeah, Yeah. Well, I mean that is the villain song is highlighting why they're evil or how they're evil or how being evil. Awesome. Yeah. This is called all is fair. It's basically what you business saying like it's great to be evil when you're beautiful, you can get away with whatever you want. You know that that's the most important. That's what I always say. That's why Stuart started weightlifting. He was like, wait a minute, hold on. You finally being Keats was as a truth, duteous power, the power to take the world and make it your plaything, you know? Yeah. So she gets this whole big song. She sends her soldiers out to to find Snow White. And this is when we get into the dwarf antics, part of the story, where they're just knocking things over, they're fighting among themselves, and dopey gets upset by all this rambunctiousness. And Snow White talks to him gently, and he kind of silently admits he's afraid to speak, and she teaches him how to whistle instead. And she helps the dwarfs get along, and they all clean the house together. They do. This is their whistle while you work. Seawait is weird that for so many of these live action remakes, a big thing about them has been like, Oh, we need to rehabilitate these female characters to make them better role models. All of these girls are suddenly gonna be really good. The princesses all do stem now and they're all independent. And this one is still very much mostly about baking pies and housework. Yeah, it's I think they're trying to do a hard thing of making her kind of a more politically aware character without losing the kind of Disney princess innocence. And I feel like there's a, they're missing an opportunity to play into a kind of a different kind, but a more retrograde sort of female heroism that's more the traditional thing of the female character who is not like tough, but instead wins people over through love and inherent goodness. And that's what they're trying to do with her. But they also want to make her like a character who is projecting kind of strength and defiance. And I feel like there's a little bit of tension between those two things that she could. Her strength is in her, I guess, in this, in the old fashioned version of the story, her strength is in purely her goodness. It's a very kind of like Christian morality, Christian parable type of strength. But here they also want to make her like a political rebel. And it's hard. It's hard to do those things, you know, at the same time, I just realized that before I was wrong, it was not during silly song that they had the. Off color new lyric. It was in this song. It was, I looked it up. It was wait, I think that brush is mine. You should have hung a sign. If you don't hush, I'll take this brush and shove it where the sun don't shine. I'm like, we don't need that. I thought you're gonna say like I thought you're gonna say the lines were whistle while you work, while you need and clean and tuck. You know that you can also whistle while you Hey, what's that over there? I thought that was the lyric you were talking about. It was fine. It was fine. That's I feel like as far as putting off color things into Disney, injecting Disney movies, that's what you just said. Dan is one of the lesser ones, but I don't like it. Sure. It's also just what it's implied, unnecessary. It's so much so much I feel Yeah, that's but I feel like the, I was more more worried by in the Lion King when in the original version of Akuna atata, they don't let him say farted, but then in the new version of it, he goes, what I was gonna to say farted, fart, right? Can't say farted. And it was like, there's no joke if you do it that way like the joke doesn't even exist, you know did you gauge your children's reactions? Because I know your two boys. To which? To this movie or to that version of Lion King? To that version of Lion King. Do they like the farted? They found it. I mean, they were so kind of bored by my I mean, my younger son just loves watching animal stuff. He was kind of into it, but but they were mostly kind of bored. And we went to see mufoyou. Should have just shown him like microcosmos or something. I mean, he loves microcosmos. Yeah we've found him. And and you play the Flaming Lips record at the same time. Yeah, not usually. But when we went to see it, we went to see mufosa in the theaters when that came out, because we were out of town. And I need to take the boys do something. And that was one where they were both, they had both lost interest, I think, 25 minutes into the movie, you know, but I made them stay the work that's that's mufosa he's gonna to die in another movie. I was I was like, this is interesting. They're reconning away the idea that scars clearly queer. They're really working hard to make him a heterosexual character, you know, so and but I think they all enjoyed that mads Mickelson got to have a song where he went bye bye a bunch of times. So so anyway, because it was mad mads Mickelson, they understood. Yeah Yeah they were like they were like, it's great that he's doing it. The start of the story of the pusher movies. So Snow White goes off to find the rebel thieves that Jonathan leads in the woods to see if her dad is still alive because they they say that he says he works for the king or he's fighting for the king or whatever. And she finds Jonathan. He's a cynic. He sings the princess problems song about how she's entitled, I guess, as she literally has been almost murdered and had to run away from home. But he's still pretty. He's real snarky to her about it. You know what is two win where they they like, you know, they play off each other, right? Yeah, it's a two hander. Yeah, Yeah. Again, the the more common people, it's more of a forehander forehander Yeah, Yeah. Well, Yeah, no, that adds up. The math works. He's gently nagging her. She's starting to get interested in him and in the in the communist cause. Yeah so it's moving with Plin, the it's very Love Island the way they're interacting, right, that he's just being like, you stink and she's like, I love this guy. Now this is this is one who I have to be with no, it's I think it's it's supposed to be the old they don't get along, but we know they're gonna to fall in love later or something like that. But they talk to each other. The castle guards show up and then Jonathan and his brigand gang fight them. And Snow White, Mary, men and brigands, really they're Yeah we never see them like really steal from anybody, although they do have the classic cart full of valuables that Robin Hood and his Mary ymen always have and Snow White, I was confused by this. So Snow White, she's played by Rachel Zegler. Oh, now I understand because I was like, how do West Side Story get into this movie? You know? Yeah, Yeah. So, so White. So she went back in time from the 1950s to fairy tale time ship in a different location, or most time machines can change location. Are you saying this is also what the west side of Manhattan was like before Lincoln Center? It was just harness castle. Yeah, that's right. Mines, just gem mines everywhere. She runs off and then she tricks the soldiers into chasing her dress, which actually has birds in it. And then he cut to her on a riding away on a horse or something, and she's still wearing her dress. So it's like, did she have two dresses? That's what confused me. They did they do they show like in their their like wheelbarrow full of stuff? Did the brigands have like spare costumes and craacks? Well, maybe maybe that's it. Yeah, I don't know, because I was like, what what do you guys think of the the live action Snow White dress? Because there's something about the like krelin skirt doesn't. It looks very cheap to me. It looks totally party city. It's very doofy doofy most of these movies try to you know interpolate the vibe of the original dress. And this just did a direct one to one which looks very. It's an issue I have actually, to be honest with a lot of the marvel movie costumes where especially the as gardian costumes stuff that where it should look like it's made out of leather or metal, but they all just kind of look like they're made out of plastic, you know, and this feels kind of similar, like it does feel it it does feel kind of off the wreck, although I like the colors in it. The colors are bright and bold, you know Yeah, I like the colors. I think that it's all like such like shiny satury stuff that that's what's giving it that like I don't know, like we got some like plasticky fabric from Yeah, that's I mean, it's the that's the issue. I really had more with the queen's headdress. I love A, I love a big spiky head dress. I love galacs. I love hella. I love maleficence headdress, but hers, like it looked like again, it looked like it was kind of plasticky. Like it looked like it was just made out of not a not a material. This is me being being the stupidest version of nerd. It doesn't look like the kind of material that the real queen of this fairy kingdom would have at the time. Yeah it looks like what you wear under a makey helmet, maybe to protect your ears from the windchill. And it just the dress stands out extra because they dulled the colors of all the dwarves clothing. And also, as you mentioned earlier, all of these, the brigands are all looking like out of a Disney Channel original movie. They're wearing like flannel and hoodies. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. They they look, they're like they're like like very church camp. Like, Hey, we're bad boys, but we're also cool, you know like we're cool but we're also like wholesome, like a Yeah they're fighting for the king the one king Yeah, exactly. Yeah cd some pretty cool rock music you should hear all about his return it's about Jesus but you you never know Dan were you ever in a production of God's spell? No But I do know all the song Yeah but you know how the spell but I could be Yeah any directors listed you got a good bear are tone for prepare you the way of the lord Yeah come on I have to admit God's spell is is this musical I don't know any of the songs to I've never seen it not familiar with it all and then speak someone who's going tonight the night we're recording this to the Hollywood Bowl to see Jesus Christ Superstar for probably the fourth time that I've seen it in some form or another so I'm up for a Christian based musical it's it's good music it's Steven Schwartz it's it's good stuff. Check it out. Okay that's all do I'll check it out right after this that stands recommendation your local library go to your local library say give me Godspell theysay hold on I need you hold on you own here you want the soundtracyou want the movie do you there is a patter song in it that I do think you specifically would love the Oh, okay, I'll have to try it out. I'll listen to it at some point. You guys have a preferred version of it. Like if if listeners wanna check out God's Toronto cast, it had every legendary Toronto production. Yeah, Yeah, that's that's that's my main touch point for God's bill is that hearing about that Toronto production where it was like whereas every famous person from Canada was in it, it was like Martin Short and Eugene Levy and you know, Rob Ford. Yeah mayor Rob Ford, Yeah Yeah Pierre Trudeau, Justin Trudeau. Yeah Yeah Yeah. Robert Davies, Yeah. Everybody was Yeah he was so good on Saturday night. So anyway, Snow White has impressed the bandits, impressed Jonathan by how she tricked the soldiers. And he admits, you know, it's nice. I actually do have ideals. I do want the king to come back. And that's when he gets hit by a crossbow bolt that I guess is meant no life. Yeah, he throws himself in front of it so she doesn't get shot with a crossbothe soldiers, I guess. I guess they escape because they, the Snow White takes him to dock. This when doc points out he actually has, I guess, a PhD in mineralogy, he doesn't. Doc is is really more of an honorary title. He's not a medical doctor. There's a Postgraduate School in, I have to assume. I mean, with the idea of doc being someother than a medical doctor, where is he getting that idea from? You know, maybe he was born on the docks. That's what it is. Yeah, Yeah, there's no, actually, I'm called doc because I always wear dockers Doc Martin, he's wedoc marts and I have a docsend. Oh, so every other way you could be doc except being a doctor. You got that right? That's for sure. I'm I also I also will talk about docodiles, which is like a crocodile when iswas a doctor. Really, it seems like that's not a real thing. You're just adding stuff to, Oh Yeah, of course we'll do that too. Once you get into branding, you just kind of have to push it as far as you can go. Here's my app. It's called tikdock way to sex. Even app apps exist in this world. Just this one. I'm an appetizer, adcan appetizer. You eat before the meal. People mostly downloaded thinking it's doctors advised about if you have a tick on you. That's not what it is though. That's not it at all. People trying to download diktok like you don't leave the complaints. I'll add them to the docket now I'll take my docket ship to the moon. That's not a thing. These are not things, doc. And then the sure for duck man, well, he's the leader. Maybe he's docking their pay. Yeah Yeah and and that's that's when dopey reveals he can't talk and he goes, snow light. We just humor him. It's what we do. He actually gets very violent when we don't play into his doctor fantasy. So she gives a speech that unites the brigands and the dwarfs together. They, of course, throw a dance party. And during the dance, there's a big musical number where Snow White starts falling in love with Jonathan. And Jonathan 's falling in love with Snow White. They're saying, maybe we don't have to be alone, maybe we can walk this path together. They sing about it, but their a moment that first you guys buy it and you think they get chemistry. No, I mean, I'd call it again, like Disney Channel chemistry. Like it feels like they have chemistry because they're both two attractive people. They're in the movie together, singing a song together, sina song together. The two attractive people are like, there's no one else in this movie, I guess. Guess we got any date. I don't know. Isn't there like a love connection between a couple of the brigands too? Yeah, two of the brigands. The man has the crossbow ec quag, the master of the crossbow, who we he never crossboup. They set that very pays off. It's such guardians, the galaxy volume three type it where it's like, here's the character that no one cares about their arc. And now they get to pay it off at the end when he actually gets a crossbow, but he's involved with one of the other bragds, right? Yeah, I think and but Yeah, that Jonathan is like, who am I going to date? A cgi squirrel? Sure. Snow White, we're in love now. Okay. So their kiss is first interrupted by everyone looking at them, but then interrupted by the soldiers showing up. And Snow White gives Jonathan her locket, saying, go find the king and show them the sorts of necklace or something. Go find the king and give them this heunderstand. The bandits run off and distract the soldiers. Jonathan gets captured and he gets brought to the queen, who recognizes that necklace. And now she's gonna to use it in a plan to finally do what the huntsman didn't and kill Snow White. How she's gonna to do it. First she mixes up a potion that makes her an old Croone, and then she makes a poison apple. Why she doesn't there's a prize of the all's fair song, a new version of it. Why she doesn't make the poison apple and then become an old Croone, I find very funny, because it seems like she's probably more comfortable in her own physically fit body than as an old, hunched Croone. But she decided to save that the hard work for after she's in her chrome form, I don't know. She makes this poison apple, she locks Jonathan in the dungeon with the huntsman, and she goes off to find Snow White. Snow White is about to embark on a quest to find her dad. She, of course, waits until after making the dwarf's breakfast and then going, she sees them off to work before she leaves, which is an interesting, which I think is such a funny touch. Like I have to find my father. Nothing else is more important than that but let me make sure you have all your shfor you because you can go mine together. Do you have your pickaxe? Tie your shoes. Okay, now I'm gon na go. The evil queen shows up with that necklace and says, Oh, Jonathan gave this tomme or something. I have a message. I support the king too. Was like I'm I'm I'm giving substance vibe here. Yeah, he's waiting on that Oscar knob. This is what I'm finally gonna get my Oscar. Finally her career. No, I mean, she's been in major movies for like ten years now or something like that. But the, I think Yeah, she was like, this is my moment when I play this, when I play this dual characters part. So she says, Hey, you used to hand out apple pies and I want to help you. So here's an apple itreally help me feel like I'm helping you. And so Snow White, it's one of those moments where she's like such a nice person that she's gonna make this weird lady feel better by taking a bite in for apple. Cool. Yeah, this apple will help. Oh, there's one that's like smoking. Oh, a red. Delicious, huh? The best, least mealy apple. And so delicious, Jonathan. So the woodland creatures go warn the dwarfs. I don't know why the birds don't just swoop down and knock that apple out of Snow White's hand. Instead, they go to the mine and warn the dwarfs so that dwarfs can try to race back in time. But they're too late. Snow White has bit the apple. She falls into a coma, just as the queen reveals, Hey, Hey, it's me, the queen and I killed your dad. See ya. And and even though she, your body here foreeveryone to find, and even though she knows that the spell can be broken by love's kiss, and she knows that Snow White has a love, the queen does not take snow whbody and like throw it on a funeral pre or something like that. Instead, she just leaves it in the woods for people to take care of. Yeah put that in the goof section. Well, I mean, it's classic. I mean it's classic bonond villain. Why does Jason Vries kill each person individually and not just explode the entire Crystal way? I don't know. Here's what I'll say. Why this is not that kind of criticism, one Jason ghe's to a mindless killing machine with no plan other than to murder the queen, is like my political survival rests on getting, Oh, not my close. The only thing that matters to me, which is being the fairest of health, emotional health. Yeah, exactly. My emotional health, which is tied up in my body image. This is not a healthy way to maintain my emotional health, but I'm an evil queen. I have these issues. I'm working on them with my therapist, who is a magic mirror, who tells me all the time that I'm not good enough, so maybe I need a new therapist instead. This is the most important thing to her. Instead of finishing the job, she's just like, I gotta go, goodbye. It's also, I guess, the irony that is, I guess is subtext that we're just supposed to pick up. And if it is, then maybe it's is that in order to achieve her goal of being the most beautiful wall, she has to commit ugly deeds which physically make her no more no longer beautiful. You know Yeah, she she just like really needs like a group of gals, you know where they can like cock shit. I mean, she have a, it should be her maleficent, Ursula and who's another evil Disney gal and and quila deville. They should get together, they should hang out and they should just support each other. And it should be called the real evil lives of the Disney universe. Are they not doing that? Why is not doing this all? I feel like you could sell this to Disney plus right now. At least I should be selling this to Disney plus right now. You guys should be, we know Disney plus if you're listening. Yeah, this is the only way you can do it, though, which I've heard that you can't outside pitch to Disney. You have to be invited to pitch to Disney and you have to be invited into the vaulso. I heard about this from somebody. You're invited into the vault. Vault's head is there, plugged into all these machines. And you've got to, you've got to you've got to pitch the head on it first. Ironically, he's not the final decision maker. He's the first barrier you've got to get through. And and to get back out of the vault, you have to push Winnie the poo through the vault door where he's gotten stuck because he ate too much honey. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. And swim through Scrooge's coins. The dream. Oh, what is that? The dream? Di feel like you'll be really uncomfortable. Well, and then you have to have to dance with a hologram of Michael Eisner behim in dance contest. Yeah. Wow. So the mirror tells the queen, well, you're the fairest again. You did it. And the queen is like, yes, flawless victory 100%. And the problem is that she set herself a goal that she can never be fully accomplished. She can never relax. She's like a gunslinger in the old west. There's constantly beautiful Young women being born or gonna challenge her. Yeah, kind of. Is her the substance? Yeah. Yeah. I mean I get like there's a there's an evil queen movie to be made just like maleficent, where it's like all about how she's been. She's been gasliinto believing that her worth is in her beauty and can't ever. She has to constantly fight aging, and it's a losing battle forever. And she becomes a tragic figure, and she's doing worse and worse things to make that into order to try to keep on this misbeauty treadmill. I'll pitch this. This will be the group fucking pitching over. I can't help pitch. I'm just an idea factory. You know, I can't help pitching. I can't help pitching on ip. I don't control and have nothing to do. Oh, the fact it's fucking Snow White. So yes, that is ip. I could control the spoit's public domain. So Yeah, I just can't use makilyeah. That's now she's, I mean, she is a killer already. Not Snow White, but the evil queen. She said, go Keller, pull her heart out. Anyway, the animals in the dwarfs are real sad. Even grumpy cries for the comatose Snow White. It's it's a sad moment. The huntsmen and Jonathan, they're in the dungeon. They work together to unchain themselves and escape the dungeon. And Jonathan steals a horse and the birds lead him to Snow White. And he kisses her and she wakes. The doors are all sitting and shiver around her. Exactly what it is. They've covered the mirror, mirror on the wall. And I think they did a pretty good job, I will say, of making that kiss, not creepy between Jonathan and the unmoving Snow White, you know, because that is a moment that I'm sure I'm sure is a possible problematic thing. And it comes off more as a goodbye kiss, consummation of of the love they didn't get to have than a. Oh, this beautiful one then in the original story well, in the original story, when Prince Charming just comes across a sleeping lady in the woods isisses, I see, huh? Which is kind of what happens in in Sleeping Beauty too, right? It's the same basic thing or no. I mean, they know each other. Such a classic fantasy guy, I guess. So to be awoken from a coma by a kiss from a stranger, Yeah that's that's the side of the fantasy I'm thinking. Is that what kiss from a rose is about? The single song. Have you read those lyrics? I have no idea what that song is. Lyrics are very complicated and something about a grave. So someone's dead. No, it's not even a on the like a kiss on the d on the copy of the grave should be a graay tower by the sea. Yeah Yeah he's Yeah it's all very a grain Poon, the dark side of me. Yeah. And so she wakes up, she declares, they need to overthrow the king. And suddenly dopey talks the first time and he says, well, we're not afraid. Bubusnow eight returns to her kingdom. Slash, how late in this process do you think that they had planned on doing a like getting armed up montage of like the dwarves, like grabbing shit allike Hot Fuzz or something? Because I feel like that is the kind of joke that they were planning on putting in here of them. You like getting their equipment and shit ready and like bandeliers and stuff? I don't I don't know. I don't know that that was ever a part of it. I mean, they don't really have that much equipment. They just have pickaxes. That's it. You know, I thought you were going to say, how angry do you think the other dwarves are when they're like, dopey, you could talk this whole goddamn time. The fuck have you been doing? No, nobody asked me to. It looks like in the old Exman comics, they learn wolverine's name is Logan. And they go, your name is Logan. He goes, nobody asked me. And it's like, really, for months, you didn't ask this dude you live with if he had a name other than wolverine. When you filled out your W two to be a member of the x man, he wrote wolverine. So you say that when you when you went to a bar and he got carted, his license says wolverine on it. Come on guys. I couldn't talk at any time, only when it was funny. I forgot. What's that from that's Roger Rabbit. That's right. Roger Rabbit handcuffs the Yeah, that's right. So and that's the thing. These fucking Disney movies are basically like bad verlike. Remember when Roger well, Yeah remember when Roger Rabbit came out? We like, Oh my God, I can't believe they're able to do this now that they can't do it. And it's so bad. He's another one. Old man stews tales of former special effects. Stewart turned into the Chris Farley show for a second. Remember Roger abbit? That was awesome. No, but I'm not also hearing, like, don't know, live action remakes aren't live. They're Roger Rabbit. Yeah, they're all Roger. Rl, I think that's the, there's no fucking weasels. No, there's no, I'm getting worked up here. The writter they didn't make. Let's not get so too angry. But one of the major issues is, yes, no weasels, which is a problem. But also, what's so sure? What's one of the wonderful things about Roger Rabbit? The many wonderful things in it? One of the things about Reger rabbit is wonder rabbits. Reger rabbits are wonderful things. Their botare, the tops are made of rubber, the bottom made of the springs, is that they're not trying to make the cartoons look real. They just give them like a little bit more shading. And that's the fun of it, is seeing people interacting with cartoons, right? There's nothing really that fun in seeing a person interacting with a mostly realistic, but not totally all the way there, kind of like cartoon character. Just enough that it's creepy. Yeah, Yeah, just enough. And if you're trying to make it look super real, I get it. Like then you go in the Jurassic Park mode where those are not supposed to be cartoon dinosaurs running around. There's supposed to be real dinosaurs. Man, what if there was a cut of Jurassic Park where as fucking straight up 2D cellove there. The original one, when they brought don blufinin to do the special effects, we've got this original. We cloned it from this Windsor McKay. But so they used they hadn't didn't all the dna so they used some of the dna from Gerty the dinosaur. Now all the dinosaurs are turning into cartoons. It would be like like the end of cool world, but not bad. You know, I mean it would just make the scene where Sam Neil is struggling with his glasses to see the dinosaur so much better. I would love that the and then at the Oh, then some of the dinosaurs are 2D, some are not 2D, some are 3D. So you can get like you get a mix of them together. I would love to see that the 2D raptors chase them in a 3D. No, a 3D raptor is chasing them and a 2D Tyrannosaurus Rex shows up to bite it. And now you understand how that that tranverse Rex could just sneak up on them because he's only two dimensions. You two dimensions and sound. Yes, dimensions. Any turns, all you can see is maybe a thin little line. That's it. It's just a line approaching us. Wait, let's get around the side of it. A T. Rex. Yeah. Well, t Rex can only see movement because he doesn't have that dimension. Flat latland Jurassic Park crossover we've been looking for. Oh, finally. Yeah. I mean, that's a Jurassic Park. It does say loosely based on flatland in the beginning, right? Yeah thatbe amazing. So they go back to the village, the kingdom, Snow White starts inspiring people to sing and follow her, and she confronts the queen. And the queen hands her dagger and says, go ahead, take the throne back, kill me. And she, Snow White, will not do it. She's too good a person. So the queen says, guards kill her here in front of everybody, which seems like you're just being inflammatory at that point. Like that's if if you're asking for a riot, then kill Snow White in front of the townspeople. But Snow White recognizes each of the guards by name and talks about the people they used to be, and they remember who they were and how they used to be good people. And they all turn on the queen. And the queen tries to stab Snow White, but the brigands show up. And quig, master of the crossbow, who has not used a crossbow this whole movie, he finally gets to use a crossbow to shoot the blade out of the snow, out of the queen's hand or whatever. And all of snow whites allies are there. She's made as she night all of the townspeople, the animals of the forest, the dwarfs of the mines, the brigands of the also forest. They're all here. And it's all about she's built consensus. She's a unity builder. It's a coalition. And the queen runs the mirror and because of course, her first priority is always who's the fucking fairest of them all, even when her power is going away. And and the mirror is like, Snow White is good hearted. So she will always be the fairest of them all. And I'm like, so that so I guess because she Yeah how did she, how was she the fairest for so long then? Yeah for the long time, the sheer hotness of the evil queen still outstripped the inner beauty I see at a certain point, I think that mirror has no magic and it's just jumping on whatever bandwagon. Seems like it's gonna to get it to the next place. You know, that mirror is the jd Vance of this story. Just kind of like, Yeah, I'll sell out my family, sure. For power, of course, to be next to dwarves look like the jd Vance means Yeah Yeah they look like across me the jd Vance meme and the filter you can use on I forget it's FaceTime or what where it's called like nervous or something like that where it stretches your face out in a weird way like the anyway might sound like filter that just adds like a million pores to your there should be. There should be. They do a very porous skin. You got to breathe when you're in the mind. Es, well, that's things. When you're in the mind, all that dust gets into your pores and you got to sweat it out. And so I feel for those dwarves, Yeah, who I think are never, I don't think they're ever referred to as dwarfs in the movie, right? I don't know if they ever use that word, but maybe so. We've been just throwing around hegly. So anyway, the queen runs the mirror, and the mirror ors 's like, you've never been the fairest. I've been gaslighting you this whole time, telling you, you're so fair. And she smashes the mirror, which then causes her to, like, decay into ash, and all the ash gets pulled into the mirror universe before the mirror reforms itself. Light runs up just to like, watch this shis, because she wants to see her enemiy's final, final defeat. Yeah, Yeah. Because there's no, there's in the Snow White world, even for snow whit's good hearted, but there's still no sweeter treat than to watch the destruction of your greatest foyeah say hi, the keeper for me. Oh Yeah. Mirrors call back. Yeah Yeah because that movie existed in the Snow White world like the same way Moby Dick exists in the world of bone. Yeah imagine there's a little Stanley panel that pops up directing listeners back to the mirrors episode. Yeah exactly. Dance and Dan, that's that's that's the name used for nice. So and this ending apparently was not the original ending, but it's kind of smacks of we had to throw a new ending on there. What was the original ending? Elliot? I don't know. I don't know. That's the extent of my knowledge. If you were going to write a different ending for this movie, what would you have done? Oh, the queen would win for sure. Yeah. Yeah, yes, that makes sense. Yeah. So that Yeah, that would probably play super well, right? It would play, I mean, in the world we live in now, I feel like half the audience wants the queen do. I mean, that's thing when the queen is like, you need strength, not delicacy. I feel like half the audience is like, Oh, like wait. Oh, like she's saying the things we're all thinking. Yeah, Yeah, we do need something like that. As long as her soldiers are keeping the outsiders out, because our country has become a perverse, extreme version of its worst instincts. But anyway, luckily, it's not just our country. A lot of countries are a lot of countries right now. It turns it turns out, taking human brains that evolved hundreds of thousands of years ago to not be constantly bombarded by information, and then putting them in a world where they are constantly bombarded by information and then for like a year locked in their houses with no way into communicate with the outside world. But this endless information feed tribes people over the blasted with 5G or whatever. Yeah. So in all sorts, the contrails, let's not forget the contrails. Everybody in the novocae in the water, not nocatrails thtrarails comrails is the actual thing. Yeah Yeah that's the what's in the it's not noking in the water. It's my talk. Fluoride. Fluoride. Thank you. Noking. The water. Great. Oh, man, I feel so numb. All the borders of the world. Yeah, this is wonderful. It turns out we haven't been putting Florida and been putting xanx in the water all this time. And the copies of the hit action comedy Nova gang in the water, in the water. Yeah. Jack Wade, baby. So, so anyway, that the queen is gone. Ding dong, the witches dead. And we reveal at the end the narrator who was trying the beginning was dopey the whole time. And everybody dances and all just and White. And maybe it's snow whe's wedding. I don't. Is that what they're hinting at? Or it doesn't matter. I don't. It's either wedding or afterlife. Yes. Like where it's like a fancy person's tennis party. They're all in whites. They're all in whites. And they do a lot of stomping and clapping. Everybody's there. They're having a great time, I think Jonathan and Snow White kiss probably. And the storybook closes and the hedgehog that uses it as a bed waves goodbye to us, the audience. And I skipped ahead. There's no credit sequence. There's no like Snow White will return in age of Ultron is anything I'm there to look. I like this afterlife idea. I'm imagining Rebecca's online, like with her fan theories about Snow White. Snow White actually dies at this point in the when Snow White recognizes the guards, that's actually her, that's actually a fantasy when one of the guards stabs her in the back. And everything after that point is a dream in her final moments. Yeah. I mean, very clearly she was like kind of dead before that. So why did they bring her back to life just to kill? I don't know. So that was that was Snow White 2025. We sure needed a new one here. That was earlier this year. Yeah. Yeah, okay. And and I'm proud of us. And it's already available to watch on streaming. That's crazy. What it wonders is this world filled after being such a hit in the theater? I mean, this movie was released in March, so it's like a, this is not that crazy. A gap in some ways for a movie that didn't last super long. Yeah a March release is usually a good sign, right? Has that changed? Everyone leaves the house when I mean, at this point, at this point, no theatrical release date, I feel like is a particularly good one because people have gotten so out of the habit of going to the theaters. You never know. Summer is still better than not, you know? Yeah, Yeah. Hey, Tom Cruise, calm down. I do think that February and March in particular are still the dumping grounds of a film. Ms, but okay, well, let's do our final judgments, whether this is a good bad movie, a bad bad movie or a movie kind of like I am going to say bad, bad. I think that this movie, like I feel like people are trying in this movie. Yeah, a lot of work went into this movie. This is not a half asked movie. I think racial Ziegler does her best with it. Like she's trying. I think that the supporting cast, even if I don't like them that much in general, are all trying, I think that they're trying to do something new with it rather than just be a total rehash. And yet I feel like basically all the choices are bad, and I didn't enjoy watching it. What do you have to say? Steart? Yeah, this is a bad, bad. Yeah. I would imagine the the problem stem from the very top. The choice to do a live action digital version of this story is unnecessary. It's been already been done a million times and it's speaks to just like the most boring impulses. Yeah, it's not very good. Yeah I think unfortunately I'm going to have to agree because as as always said, like a lot of work went into this. People are trying really hard. But it you never I'm not a fan of these live action remakes, the Disney anime movies anyway, but this one in particular yet feels like at many points you're like, why are they doing this? Like what is when we could have a live action the rescuers down under right now I don't understand why this is what you're pouring your resources finally says it. Where's my where's my live action Oliver in company like what's going on? It does it feels like a lot of a lot of work being poured it to something that the concept itself doesn't really necessarily deserve the work that's being poured into it. And maybe as a result of that, everything just kind of comes off bland and unnecessary and kind of boring and you know not fun. What do you think I'm also going to say? Bad. Bad. I agree. Rachel Zegler was sort of born to play a Disney princess and I wish she was giving a better vehicle for it. That's the sheep bigger than those cgi dough. She is, if you haven't seen her old YouTube videos from when she was in a high school production of Shrek the musical and she was vlogging the entire process. She's an incredible you know musical princess and this just isn't the vehicle for it. I do appreciate like freaks though. And those dwarves were so freakish to behold. Like it was more interesting than like the mufosa lions that just look like lions at at the very least, these characters, as much as I found their designs off putting, they had faces that could register emotion as opposed to Yeah but the new lion kings were like, this character is supposed to be singing about hakuna matata and it's just a blank lion face with no emotion whatsoever in a blank warthog face. And you're like, and animals were all kind of tawny browns of different shades, because animals are designed to not stick out from their environment for the most part. So they're not colorful. So Yeah, there's a so I guess if you're looking at it from a point of view of a from there, then this is a great movie. I wonder here's my question before we go. Who would you want to see as the queen? Clearly, gagado is cast because she's super at the moment. She was big. Now her for political reasons, she is not quite what she was in terms of a desirable superstar. And I would I would argue a certain lack of juice Yeah the two but I think who would you who would you want to see as the evil queen? Because I feel like that's such it pivotal role and it feels like they don't have the person carrying it who could Carry it. You know who I was not ready for this. So I will just keep talking for a moment while other people think this is is what we call vamping. I think like get like a jinx monsoon in there. Yeyep somebody with you know, who can who can play it big. Yeah. You definitely want someone who can who can do it enormously. Yeah. Yeah. Ryan Reynolds. I mean, it's going be, it's going be Chris Bratt. He does all, he does all these characters, you know, I mean, he did all the dwarfs, right? I didn't check the credits, but he didn't do any of them. Yeah. Hello, I'm John luroberts and I would love for you to give my podcast sati with John luroberts a try. It's basically a parody of every type of podcast imaginable, made up with loads of brilliant comedians. It was named the best scripted sketch show by the bbc audio drama awards, was a finalist for best comedy podcast at the New York radio festival, and it has just been nominated for best comedy at the British podcast awards. Surely, if there are three things you can trust, that the bbc, New York and Britain. So give Sandy with John Luke Roberts a go today, available from maximum fun in all the best podcast apps. Hi, I'm Alexis and I'm Ella, and we're the host of comfort creatures. We could spend the next 28s telling you why you should listen. But instead, his listness have said about our show because really, they do know best. The show is filled with stories and poems and science and friendship and laughter and tears sometimes, but tears that are from your heart being so filled up with laugh. A cozy show about enthusiasm for animals of arkinds, real and unreal. If you greet the dog before the person walking them, or wander around the party looking for the host cat, this podcast is free. You so come for the comfort and stay for Alexis 's wild story about waking up her ca's giving birth on top of her. So if that sounds like your cup of tea or coffee, Yela, we're not all breaths, then join us every Thursday at maximufun dot org dot a quick live show, plug the flop house is coming to Chicago on November sixteenth at 7:00p.m., we will be at sleeping village in the Avondale neighborhood of Chicago with our usual shenanigans of some comedy presentations, followed by discussion of the 1990 comedy taking care of business starring Chicago's own jimballushi. If you've never seen us in person, since we've tended to mostly do shows on the coasts, now is your chance. So go to tinyurl dot com slash slash chicagoflop to get your tickets. Now that's tinyurl dot com slash chicagoflop and thatredirect you to where you can buy some tickets. This podcast, the flop house, is brought you in part by Squarespace. Hey, you want to get paid right? Well, Squarespace gives you everything you need to offer services and get paid online. You goof, get paid online, get paid on time. Even with on brand invoices and online payments, everything's on these days. Plus, streamline your workflow with built in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools. And Squarespace offers also offers, in fact, a complete library of award winning website templates designed by pros and with options for every use and category. Try and find a use in category without an option. Idya intuitive drag and drop editing, beautiful styling options, unrivaled visual design effects, no experience required. So head to Squarespace dot com slash flop for a free trial. And when you are ready to launch, use offer code flop to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. This podcast is also brought to you by quince. Think about freshening up your wardrobe. Well, why drop a bundle on it when you can use quints to fill out that wardrobe with some great basic clothing, things like cozy cashmere and cotton sweaters, breathable flow nit polos, and comfortable lightweight pants that somehow work for both weekend hangs and dreup dinners. Now, an important element about quinis that they work directly with the artisans and the designers, cutting out the middlemen so they're able to give you all your clothing at a reasonable price. And specifically, they only work with factories that use safe, ethical and responsible manufacturing practices to provide you premium fabrics and finishes. Now, Dan, you recently got a shipment from points ts, what do you think I did? I got a charcoal cashmere sweater. I haven't. It's amazing. I have not been wearing it. I have been wearing around a lot because there's been hot, hot, hot here in New York City as Buster point dwarned us about. But I have tried it on. It looks lovely. The cashmere was soft, you know, and at a much lower price than you would get that kind of a quality sweater. Maybe after recording, you can put it on and do a little fashion. I'll dance around. Okay? So keep it cool and classic with long lasting staples from quints. Go to quints dot com slash flop for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's qu I ce dot com slash flop to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quincom slash flop, the flop house is also brought to you sometime. Actually, the flop house is always brought to you by listeners like you who pledge every month, and we thank you for it. But it's also, in addition, sometimes brought to you by listeners like like you who take out jumbo tron ads. That's right. We've got a jumbo tron today. And this message is for first name withheld Elliot, no relation. And this message is from you from summer 2025. So I believe that this is first name withheld Elliot writing themselves a message. And they say, what's up, big dog? Hope you're thriving, even though this summer your dad died and you turn 25. Keep on asking dumb questions, insisting people spell your name right to l's two t's, please. And listening to the peaches, even though starting ten years ago, ruin due for life. Thanks to Halley and her guest hosts for always making me laugh. Roraetc, and this, I feel like there's a story behind this message. And I hope that whatever that story is has come to the right, not ending, but come to the right point in the future. This reminds me something, this reminded something I did many years ago, was there was a website where you could write a letter to yourself, an email, and then set it to be delivered at some point in the future. And I did something very similar where I wrote a letter to myself and said it had been delivered five years later. And it was a very meaningful experience for me, you know, to get this sudden message from myself from that time. So I hope that first name with Helliot, this has the same sort of meaningfulness to you. Would you like to send yourself a message through the flop house? You can do that. Just go to maximum fun org slash gemeron, and you can do the same thing yourself. Eldo, you have any plugs? I have one amazingly important plug. And then I have a few lesser plugs. The lesser plugs are just from my stuff, Harley Quinn. It comes out every month from dc comics. I write it. Volume one of the collected editions just came out. I just procured said volume. I am halfway through it. I probably would have devoured the whole thing. And one big gulp. But Audrey was like, Hey, there's this mystery show I wanna watch. And I'm like, Audrey, you're sick. Let's watch the mystery show. But I've been enjoying what I've been reading so far. Yeah and of course, there's my other podcast, clueless on the smartless network. But I've got an even bigger thing to talk about, guys, something that involves all three of us. That's right. The flap house boys are setting aside their rank or and the feuding that have kept us apart for all this time. And we are reuniting for another season. In fact, check that. Don't fact check that. Yeah we are reuniting for another season of flop tv. That's right. Flop tv season three starts this September. You guys, have you seen flap tv? You know what it is? It is the one hour kind of Internet television version of the flop house. You get a presentation, you get a video segment. We talk about a movie. We answer questions. It's super fun. We love doing it. And each season we get slightly better at it. But in the flop house way of getting worse at other things while we get better at those things, it's a little bit like our kind of our love letter to like cable access show. Yeah. That's a good way to put it. That's a good way to put it. And this season, we've got an all new theme. This is season three flubster piece theater. That's right. We are going to be looking at a state hallmark legendary flop from each of the decades, from the two thousands all the way back to the fifs, going backwards in time. So in September, we're gonna to watch the adventures of Pluto ash. In October, it's gonna to be Jack Frost, the Michael Keaton one where comes back from the dead, not the Jack Frost, not the killer snowman one. In November, it's xanado. In December, it's zardaas. That's our zza double month mini theme. In January, it's going to be Doctor Doolittle, the movie that killed a certain type of big budget musical forever and mergency man and it. No, no, not that Dr. Dolittle tle, no, the me junior, no, the Rex Harris son, Dr. Dolittle. And in February, we're going to do the grandfather of flops, plan nine from outer space. We're not gonna to be watching these movies with you. We'll be talking about these movies the way we normally do. These are not watch alonggs, but it's going to be super fun. It's the first Saturday of every month from September through February. And you can buy tickets for right now. Go to theflophouse dot simpplticks dot com. Again, that's theflophouse dot simpleticks dot com. You can buy either individual tickets or a season PaaS that gets you a little discount. It's a six show bundle, five, six shows for the price of five. It's like you get one free show. I'm really looking forward to this season. I think it's going to be super fun. I'm excited to talk about movies that we've never covered on the show, but which have loom large in the world of bad movie dom m and who knows what surprises are in store? Certainly not me because we haven't figured them out yet. But you guys, I'm sure you're excited too, right? How do you feel about this new season of flop tv? I feel great. I was conceptualizing my special report for the first episode just the other day and laughing inside at all the shenanigans I'm about to unleash. Oh, can't wait. And I've been working on my presentation for that first episode. Yeah, you guys are not gonna know what's gonna to hit you. Well, you do. It's a presentation. You know what's gonna hit you still? How are you feeling? I can't wait, especially because a lot of these are movies I've never seen. So Yeah, I'm I am I'm gonna be very curious when we watch as zardoa movie that has a lot in it to make fun of but a fair amount that I also really enjoy. So we'll see what happens. Yeah but that's the flop house dot simpticks com. Join us the first Saturday in every month September through February and the episodes will stay online through the end of February so that you can catch up on what you've missed it just because you missed an episode doesn't mean you shouldn't buy a ticket to it because you'll be able to watch it online, just not live. Yeah and I have a small plug as well. My wife and I. What? Yeah, I do. Your plug is not that small. Oh, guys, you've been paying attention to the Internet. So guys, my wife and I have a new business venture. We've talked about it before, but we are opening a studio gym in Sunset Park, Brooklyn called jiggle studio. It's a gym space that has classes everything from step step aerobics to kickboxing to Pilates to pound and a variety of other types of activities. It's a really cool, body positive workout space that's focused on fun and movement and not being worried about weight or anything like that. Stuart, what's pound? Pound is one of those exercise where you like you use sticks and you like pound on shit. You pound the around. I'm not an instructor though, so take that with a couple of cents. But if you are interested at all or you just want to check it out or maybe buy some merch to help support, just go to jiggllestudio dot com or follow us on Instagram at jiggle underscore studio bk. Let's answer some questions. Letters from listeners. This first letter, it's from Jonathan, last name with held ell, who writes the prince. Yeah to him with a weirdly anachronistic question for the prince. But Jonathan writes, hi, Elliot. Back when tweeting was still a thing, I asked you a question about the power broker that you said you might be able to revisit once you got to that part of the book during your podcast with Roman Mars. My question was about the bonds that Governor Rockefeller pushed through to help upgrade nyc's transit and the lrr. From my memory of the power broker, the book didn't address the final outcome of that bond. Do you recall what came of it by the decades of neglect that followed? I think it's safe to assume it went nowhere, but I hope you can shed some light on it. I wonder if Robert Moses had some role in killing it or funneling the money to his pet project. Thank you for the flop house last and the power broker learning. Although this letter seems to be mostly geared towards really very flapocast. I will well, he should have written into 99 visible. But Yeah, I don't think they do a lot of letters segments. So there's two different bond issues that you may be referring to, but I think you mean the 1971 bond issue, which did not PaaS. Well, you heard it here. Got an answer first. That's an answer. Yeah. I mean, you specifically probably heard it here first. It's probably you could have heard it here. I mean, that information has been around for 50, somebody odyears ever since it happened. Yeah, Yeah. Records are extant. This is from briree. Last name withheld. This one's for like all of us, right? Not just now, actually, mostly for Steart. I just get to kick back this time. Dear stedid, this bond issue PaaS. Hey, peaches, when it comes to comic strips, we all know Dan loves the Archie comic so much she named one of his kities after them. Now I'm just gonna to take a brief pause and say that well, I'm fond of the Archie comics. I named Archie the cat after Archibald leech. Carrie grants real name, but the Archie comics are about him. Yes, of course. Yeah before grant, he was always carary grant he was always Young carary. Grant was always mixed up with Betty and Veronica. Yeah and moose moose dilt and Doyle of course, jugead. But for the purposes of Reggie prinple brother b, the joke of this letter, Mrs. Bundy, Dan loves the Archie comics and that elot is basically the creator of Ziggy. During the reason at this point, I got I poured more creative energy into it than I think certain other people Yeah during the recent Garfield episode, Stewart insists that he is a strong affinity for that fat orange cat. However, I've been listening to the back catalog and I think there's a dark horse got the receipt. There's a dark horse storming around the track of Stuwart's heart t. Over the course of 456 episodes, Stewart references the ever relevant newspaper and anthropomorphic bird focus comic strip shoe no fewer than seven times. I think you just did like in the last recording that we did. Yeah that doesn't seem that doesn't seem like a lot of times to reference something until you think about how that something is the comic strip shoe. So I guess my question is Steart, why shoe keep on flopping in the free world? Briree, so real quick, we have a guest today. Rebecca, are you a big fan of shoe? I don't know if I'm familiar with shoe. Yeah, I'm barely familiar with it as well. I believe it's a comic strip about birds that are journalists. Yeah, they live in trees, but they are newspaper people. They often hang out at a bar that is also in a tree. Yes. So this is a comic strip that's similar to Elliot's reaction to David the nome. This was the sort of thing that I would come across when reading the newspaper, just the comic section. I wouldn't read the actual newspaper. I'm not like Dan doing the fucking bridge puzzle every week. So I would be looking. And I'd always like, I'd come upon shoe and I'm like, well, I've already read all the comics I actually like. Let me try and figure this one out. I've already done the Slylock fox puzzle. I've already read rose ses rose. I've already read what bloloom county. I guess I'll read shoe. And I never got it and didn't think it was funny, ever. And I didn't like the way it was drawn either. But it is called shoe, which is confusing. So I find it to be a fascinating touchstone and something to refer to when I'm just my brain is blank and I'm just pulling a comedy strip out of it. Yeah and shoe, I feel like it's one of those like vaguely political comics that doesn't actually take much of a political stance, but anything like wizard of it, like or a crock crow wizard. Yeah. I just like shoe would like reference current events without a particular, I think, point of view, unlike the far right bird comic mallard film more. That's the thing is it's easy to get mallard Filmore and shoe mixed up because they're both birds and they're both journalists and they but one is Yeah more of the kind of Johnny Carson style. I'm doing a joke about the news, but it doesn't really have a point of view. Whereas Yeah mallard Filmer is more conservative. But Shoso, I'm looking at the shoe Wikipedia entry now showas a comic strip again, similar to Steart. I would read it when I was a kid, just because I read everything on the comics page except Prince Valiant. No, thank you. I'll look at the picture, reading the haircut. I'm not reading that huge block of text like a Snow White haircut. Yeah, and Yeah, Yeah. And I'm looking at that and I'm like, Oh, there's so many characters in shoe, and they all have descriptions here on Wikipedia. And it's like, if you asked me, I wouldn't even be able to tell you which one was shou, you know, but they but each one of them has a name, has a personality. It just goes, and that shou is not only a long running comic strip, it's one of the comic strips that continued after the death of its original creator. That's how in demand shou was. So shoe fans write in, what is it that you love about shoe? Yeah, please, allmallard Fillmore fans do not write in I am not interested in your opinions. Go away. So let's let's get into some recommendations. Movies that we've seen recently or not so recently doesn't matter. So Dan has seen like ten zillion movies lately. I'm it's a weird, I mean, it's not that weird, but for some reason it's been a lot so I'm going to jump in first. Okay. I Dan and I went to a movie the other night. We went to a early screening of together, a new body horror codependency movie. So of course, I went with my most codependent relationship, Dan, and it was almost too real for me. It is at stars, real life married couple Allison briree and Dave Franco. And they play a couple that is dysfunctional and they get isolated and then they start to come together in a, let's say, scary way. It's really fun. It was written, directed and all. Most of the vfx work were all done by Michael Shanks, I must point out, is a flop house listener. And invited us to the screening and then let us fill him full of tequila afterwards. And it's a lot of fun. I think it is. I think it works. It manages to, the metaphorical stuff works and the relationship stuff works. And I think it's great and it's gross and fun and oddly like kind da sweet. Yeah, I'm glad that you mentioned that we got to hang with the writer. Direcwho was a hell of a nice guy because you know, like it could be easy to be like, well, you just liked the glamour of the but even before we got to really meet him, I really enjothis movie. I know you did too. Like it was a blast. It's very good. Yeah, it's fun. I'm I'm just I'm just excited to see you guys transition into the anit cool news stage of the podcast, invited to screvery to the Godzilla premiere. And Yeah, it was I mean, it was very cool getting to watch Dan get to meet Alisson briree. Dan Dan did one of his classic things where he doesn't know that I don't know what's going on. So he texted me and he goes, Yeah. So Allison briree touched my shoulder at this screening last night. I'm like, what the hell are you talking about? Like what did we did talk about how we're were going to go to this thing, but it was he was upset that he's not doing all the celebs. I just understand, I don't understand how Dan just lives this glamorous lifestyle of constant being invited to screenings and meeting famous people. Meanwhile, I live in my bedroom. I never get to leave. Yeah she and Dave Franco seemed seemed very sweet when we briefly met them afterwards. Yeah I saw itbe out by the time we see it, but I saw another advanced screen through a critic friend of mine of the Naked Gun, the new Naked Gun, and really enjoyed it. You know, there's a lot of talk about like how much sort of weight is on this movie being one of the only pure comedies that has been like a wide release movie in a long time. It's funny that a movie this silly is kind of going to bear the weight of like what's the future of pure comedy in like theatrical screenings. But it I really thought it was great. It was extremely funny. And for me, the stuff that worked best was sort of like the classic, like a new take on classic zcker Abram zcker Naked Gun airplane style jokes. It didn't work quite as well for me when it got into like we're gonna to lampoon modern esses of excesses of like Hollywood blockbusters because that stuff has gotten so down the road of self parity already that like it didn't do as much like well, that time. Jokes, not that, but they did like a lot of jokes about like just how ridiculous action stars have gotten these days. And it works pretty well because it's Liam Nison doing it and you know it evokes all of his like taken nonsense or whatever. But but just on the classic like dumb joke after dumb joke after dumb joke level, it was really funny. And there were a couple of. Jokes that really made my audience just go nuts. So I had a good time. Rebecca, do you want to go? Sure. I was also apparently at that screening, but in a Oh no, sorry, don't fine Elliot to be like, ha, I know he snaked me. Yeah. Well, also snaked me because I was gonna say Naked Gun too, because I saw it the same. A gun too. Yeah, Naked Gun. Two and a half the Naked Gun also. But I will say when I got home from that screening, which I loved, my roommate was like, Hey, I'm gonna to watch last days of disco. And I said, okay, sounds like a good enough double feature. And I've never seen last days of disco, so watched that and it was totally lovely. Was it a good double feature though? Yeah, made no sense. Sure. I know. I was trying to think of like if there's any sort of thread that I could use to tie them together but I mean, truly no last use of disco is funny that in a very different way. Yeah, grounded maybe the maybe when did the first Naked Gun come out? 88, 89, well past the last days of disco. I is that it? Stillman, right. Last days of disco. Yeah. Yeah. So like I'd love to see a whstillman Naked Gun. Very understanding. You know just like Yeah sort of like witty reparte. Chloe 70 in the Leslie Niels's spot. I mean, let's let's pitch this to Disney plus. What are we doing? Come on. And Cruella de Vilas there. Yeah we can make we can make it ip somehow. So I'm I'll finish out the kind of a pitch where you're like, Yeah and the country bears well, that's so I've heard stories about I always forget whether it was Hannah or Barbera who was in charge of pitching, but that he would go into, because one did the pitches and one kind of ran the actual animating, but that he would go into pitch meetings and Hebe adjusting the pitch on the fly based on what the executives were responding to. And then afterwards, hehave to go back and be like, I know this is the show we talked about pitching. This is the show we're doing right now, because it's what they bought. And I just, I wish that, I wish that I could be in a situation like that where I'm like, and then of course, there's an alligator, Noah bear, and and that's how jabberjaw ended up being the drummer. Okay, so that's why captain caveman has two Young teenage girls following ing a rat. So I'm going to recommend, I think this movie version of this has been recommended for but I don't know about the tv version, so I'm actually recommending a tv show, but I haven't gotten to watch a lot of movies lately. But I did have some time where I was watching episodes of the trip, the Steve Kugan, rob Briden tv show that was edited into a movie that was released in theaters. And I've always really loved the movie. And watching the tv show, I loved it too. There's a lot more stuff in it, and there's a lot more kind of serious stuff in it, but also a lot of their funny jokes. And I just love seeing those guys, as I know, as the movies get on, they like get less, a little bit less mean to each other because at a certain point they've been through so many trips together, but in this one, just the the palpable fictional, I assume, kind of like frustration they have with each other. I find it's very fine, especially Steve kukins in in the movie version, I feel like rob Brighton comes off as this nice guy and Steve kuoking comes off as kind of like a jerk. And in the tv show, rob Briden comes off as so much more irritating than he does in the movie in a way that is very funny to me. So I recommend watching the the it's six episodes. They're very short. Just write for Yeah six episodes, very short. And I recommend the trip tv show in England, Elliott, that's a normal length of a tv show. That's six episodes would be an actual television show. I mean, we're getting there. America is getting there pretty quickly. You know that we're gonna have six episodes. Seasons. Well, that's it. That's another episode of this show that has no seasons, but a lot of episodes, a whole hell of a lot. That's what they call them. The master of the segue for no loose thread untied they say about Dan McCoy, master of the crossbus. It's just a compulsion I have. Of course. I would like to thank first of all, Rebecca for being here. Is there anything you would like to plug or put out into the world before we go? Oh Yeah, go to vulture com. Go there. Yeah click on the articles and then read them. Yeah Oh Yeah, I mean that's just that's just gravy. Or click on them. Don't read them. You do you what do you track? Where are the tracking elements? Yeah. Tracker. Thank you. Thank you for having me, Dan. Don't send people to cbs. Send them to vulture. What are you doing? Yeah. Yeah. Our direct competitor, cbs is I mean, I don't want to send them to cbs right now. I'm very mad cbs. But Yeah, I couldn't resist a tracker reference. It's he's taken America by storm. Like he tracks people. No he tracks such a popular show culture. Shaw aka tracker. That's it. That's my whole bit Yeah not a bit so much as a description. The but I thought his name was tracker. You wouldn't his name should be a tracker. The name tracker Colter. Yeah. Well, thank you for being here. Thank you for Yeah and I think it's because el's Beth is out and you're like, okay, that's her name. It's not like it's like kind of lawyer or whatever, John. I mean, there's A I mean, there's a long, rich history of tv shows named after their main characters. I don't think it's just Elsbeth that that is causing this this misunderstanding. Wait, Elsbeth isn't the first one. It's not like it's not like in Seinfeld, he's a Seinfeld. That's not his job that he does. That's his name. You know in those other shoor doesn't. He is a Beker. Actually, that one's actually complicated because adding an makes it sound like that's like an old timy person. He's someone who beyeah. He's a profession, is that he begs, he's a beckyeah. Speaking of Seinfeld, I'm sorry that you'll never see unfrosted now that you missed your chance, but we're glad that you could be here today. Oh, I've listened to this podcast truly, for now, over a decade. Yes, this is very, very cool. Now you get to see how dumb we are in person. This feels like a four dx. Yeah because Dan spits a lot. Yeah and shakeaare. Well, thank you. And thank you to our network maximum fund. Go to maximum fun. Org to listen to other great shows on our network. And also thank you to Alex Smith, our producer. He goes by the name Howell dotty when he makes music and his own podcast and does twitch streams. Check those out. And just to thank you for listening for the flopoi've been Dan McCoy, I've been Stuwart welmington, I've been Elliot Kaen and we've been joined by Rebecca alter. Bye. I enjoyed your post about about Petra Pascal being the guy whose legs are long in movies. You is a trenyeah that makes it his thing. Yeah. Wait, who's this Pedro Pascal? Did you see the material? Of course I did. Yes. So when he reveals he had leg leg thinning surgery, I was like, that's also your power in the other. Yeah, that's Yeah, Yeah, that's really funny. I just love the that the materialist raises the possibility that there at one point was like a tiny pedroboi do like when he sort of kneels down like, Oh, this is what he would have been like. Immediately got the ideleted, all my folders of pictures of Pedro Pascal, maximum fun, a worker owned network of artists owned shows supported directly by you.
