---
ticker: SNOW
type: podcast_transcript
title: "Snowflake CEO on AI Risk, Product Innovation and Winning Enterprise Customers"
podcast: ""
date: 2026-04-06
audio_url: https://www.podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/pdst.fm/e/tracking.swap.fm/track/bHsDpvy53mYwJpnc1UL5/traffic.megaphone.fm/MOBI9950799276.mp3?updated=1775597208
language: auto
chars: 26712
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# Snowflake CEO on AI Risk, Product Innovation and Winning Enterprise Customers

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2026-04-06

---

## Transcript

LinkedIn is pretty amazing at helping you grow your small business. We cannot stop your new clients from emailing you at 3:00a.m.. We can help you sell, market and hire in one place. We cannot not help you be in three places at once. And while we can't help you organize your calendar, LinkedIn can help you land more clients. So you have a calendar to organize grow your small business on LinkedIn. Learn more at LinkedIn. Com slash small business on this episode of off earnings. Snowflake, the cloud based data platform that enables organizations to store, process and analyze massive amounts of data. I'm joined by shredar ramas mamy snowflake CEO to discuss project snowwork, the company's newest AI platform that brings its products directly into the hands of users. For the first time, we break down the threat AI may post all software companies and his belief that the speed of innovation is the company's best protection. And we dive deep into snowmakesmoon gap profitability as well as its approach to m and a and the competitive acquisition and compensation of top talent. Let's get into it. So I'm delighted to welcome shdar ramawami, CEO of snowflake, joining us from Menlo Park. Thank you, shdar, for taking the time to join us today. Excited for this conversation, and thank you for having me. So if you don't mind, help us understand your products with some depth, trigar. And the reason I ask this is we're in a moment in time with the markets are saturated with news about software and technology. Our listeners are saturated. And what we're really trying to do is sort of cut through the noise and understand with some specificity the products of those welcome to the show and how they're actually defensible and sustainable over the long term. So in your own words, tell us, snowflakes, core core product line and why it is standing to win. Absolutely. Snowflake is an enterprise data platform. We in fact, collar sells the AI data cloud, and our mission actually is to help enterprises realize their full value from data and AI. In practice, this means that enterprises use us for everything from stoting transactional data to stoing analytic data, historical data that helps people understand how performance happened. And often people will do things like build prediction models, build machine learning models on top of this data. And increasingly, we see AI as an enabler for faster access to this data directly by business users, as opposed to going through analysts or going through bi dashboards and such. But we are the end to end data platform for enterprises, and over 13000 enterprises from around the world trust us with their most valuable data. And so talk to us about who's adopting snowflakes 's offering shidaran. And let me give you the context about the question. I work with a lot of companies, manufacturing businesses, industrial companies that have a lot of data, but it's not necessarily, at least right now, in the most usable format. There's a lot of cleanup that's needed. How much is snowflake supporting enterprises in the cleanup and making useful part of the data agglomeration part of it? That's right. That is, in fact, our specialty. And we work with companies in many different verticals. A lot of financial institutions for home data is incredibly valuable, but also manufacturing companies that uses for everything from supply chain analysis or price optimization or manufacturing optimization to folks like Disney. It's a theme park and they use this for visitor experience optimization. And so our users spa gamut. And it is all of the things that you said, which is how do you bring data in? How do you clean it up? How do you deduplicate it, remove spam and organize it in such a way that analytics becomes easy, prediction becomes easy? And that's been our specialty, which is the most valuable data belonging to all of these companies is in snowflake. And we've also helped people collaborate. In fact, our motto is easy, connected, trusted. And the connected part means that is very easy for one department in a company to share data with another department, but in a governed way, so that only the right people have access to the data. Plus a ton of our customers get data from their partners, get data from data providers. We provide much of the data sharing that happens in the financial sector in the us, for example. And so it's really our mission is centered around clean data, great data that you can run an analysis on, that you can share responsibly without making copies, so that you have the provenance, you have the right data for the right person at the right time. And so when I think about your head count, walk us through. What sort of proportion are engineers who are actually the designing the software? What proportion are sales talent going out and selling? A pretty complicated story. I mean, it's easy to intuit, but in terms of execution, I'm sure it's complex. And then what proportion of your head count is sort of a account management in a very hands on way that's working with enterprises that are perhaps not as sophisticated, who need a lot of help with their data cleanup? This is a great question. Roughly the split, we are about 9000 people and roughly our split is 2500 folks in product and engineering. This is engineers is the product managers that help us design our product. Little less than five, zero people in our broader go to market function. We also have a small but very powerful industry team. We have a services team that helps our most important customers with their implementations. So we are a full service firm even even though obviously we've worked with a lot of system integrators, the gsis, others to help implement snowflake. So there's a new exciting development at snowflake Shaar, and that is projects network. Talk to us about why this is an exciting new chapter. As I was saying earlier on, companies store their most valuable data in snowflake. Typically, they have been accessed through relatively inflexible means like dashboards. But if you want to ask for something new or you want to take action on it, youhave to do it differently from the dashboard itself. We rolled out snowflake intelligence a few months ago, and it was our agent tic platform for accessing data. It means, among other things, that all of our sales data, for example, is right there on my phone. I can ask about any customer. Snorwork represents the next big step in that, and it's born of our own experiences using AI. Our thesis is that AI is going to be incredibly powerful if you take govern data that's in a platform like snowflake, combine it with a premium model and attach other assas products as tools into the same platform. This means, for example, that how many launches we have coming up next week or what launches we have coming up next week, that's not a dashboard that I go to. That is a simple question that I ask. And if my cfo wants to know how are travel and entertainment expenses trending, that's again a simple question to ask off of the snowork platform. Not only does he get the first answer, but he can also do things like dig into it or there anomalies or is there an excess of spending in one group versus the other? And you can also take actions on it, share the report with other folks, send email to individuals, art teams, basically, work becomes a set of capabilities that are provided by this platform. And we uniquely positioned to do it because we've been this enterprise source of truth. And all of the data that's in snowflake is secure. It's auditable and it's also been governed since you know, since the beginning of time and we created snowflake. All of this makes this a great product offering for enterprises that want to transform how they operate. Many teams, like my services team, have switched over to using these tools. My support team is has already switched over to this mode of operation of always being inside this AI agent with access to the right data and tools. It's the future of how work is going to get done. So talk us a bit about the partnerships that have helped to get you here, your partnerships with anthropic, with Google Cloud, with OpenAI, frankly, the kinds of players that the market is nervous will look to supplant its software sort of colleagues, as it were. So we've got partnerships today. The markets worried about displacement in the future. Where are you in the partnership point in that cycle? So we have excellent partnerships with all the model makers. I think having the best models, power year, AI is not an option. They make a material difference to how our products like snowwork, our snowflake intelligence operate. And we see ourselves as this amazing platform in which AI is going to be more effective. That's the reason why we launched snowwork, because we want our customers to take advantage of the data and these models. But multiple people are going to have similar ideas. There are products from several of these companies and the hyperscalers, in fact, that all attack the same problem, because there is a Daning realization that it is the combination of great data, great models and tools that are at the heart of how enterprises operate. And now a word from Key Bank. Successful businesses don't spin their wheels. They evolve. And in order to keep up, you need a bank relationship that evolves with you. Every business is inherently different, and that's why with KeyBank, you'll never receive one size fits or solutions. Their expansive team of experts across industry verticals develop bespoke solutions to ever changing challenges and opportunities, reimagine business as usual key ybank open stores. Learn more at key com slab two b. That's key. Com slab two b. Why don't you address directly it should are the concern that investors has. We've seen the software sell off. And again, it's concerned that partnerships will be supplanted by replacement. What exactly is it that protects you from your partners expropriating the data that's been shared with them over time? And b, developing the specific capabilities that you have and therefore replacing snowflake? Well, first of all, I think software is evolving at such a rapid rate, and the cost of creating software is going down so quickly that no one should feel safe. That actually includes the model companies. They have to worry that there is a new model, open source, perhaps, that is just as good as the models that they are making. I think this is a time of incredible disruption. So the first thing that I'll say is I am always paranoid for our success and paranoid for our future. And while we partner with these companies, we don't give them the data that is in snowflake. That data belongs to our customers. We are stewards of that data. And because we work closely with with our customers, because we have additional enterprise context that a model sitting outside doesn't necessarily have. We have this ability to create great products on top of this data. We the ones with the knowledge about governance, we the ones with the knowledge about access control and what constitutes trust in these environments. And as I was saying earlier, we also have relationships with 13000 customers. It is a combination of all of these things, plus the ability to create cutting edge products that deliver value that is the protector of success. Used to be software are's hard to write, and previously, companies could just say, no one can write software that is as good as something. I think that mode is eroding. It's the relationships. It's the insights. Part of what we also do is make our AI products better as a result of how our customers use them. And only we have access to things like those improvements that are going to make snowflake better on customer data. I would, in fact, go one step further and say that no software company is saved just by the virtue of them being able to write software. It's by the virtue of the value that they create the unique secret sauce. For example, if you create a marketplace, a new llm is just not going to recreate that marketplace because it's a lot of humans coming together. Or you need some kind of feedback loop like the one that Google search had, where people using search produced information that made search better. That's the mentality that we take. It's people using AI and data on snowflake that makes AI and snowflake the platform better for the future. And that's the only protection that there is today. And just to push on this point again, Trudeau, which is you're very clear, and I think it's understood that snowflake does not share the data that it is the custodian of with the llms. But there is a fear that those llms will get sufficient exposure to the data as it's being used, that through inference or other means, it's able to basically replicate certainly least some portion of the data that snowflake does have custody of. So is that just a completely false preconception? Is there absolutely no way that these llms could sort of backward engineer the data that's fueling it in these partnerships? I don't think they can backward reverse engineer the data. But on the other hand, it's a free world. They can go seek relationships with our customers. We cannot wall off data. That is in snowflake, customers can choose to take the data out if they have better products, if they deliver better value for our customers. And that's why innovation, whether it is snowflake intelligence, which is a agenent take data platform, our snowork, which is our conceptualization of how work itself is going to get done, this innovation matters more than anything else because these all of these model companies and the cloud service providers can always directly go to their customers and buy their business perfectly, I mean, you know, and get their business. And that's why the innovation and speed of innovation really matters. And you've been unafraid should to turn to m and a to support the speed with which you seek how innovation told us about that. February was a very busy month. Fuel you acquired, tenster stacks, you acquired observe. Talk about these acquisitions and where else you're hunting for targets. This is a time that is ripe with opportunity. Tensor stacks eventually became cortex code, which is our asient decoding platform. That's the basis of a lot of the work that we are doing in AI. It was a small talent acquisition. Observe is a bigger acquisition. And it was born enough to belief that something like observability was going to be a key component of a data platform. It is an incredible product. And at higher data volumes, it can be an order magnitude cheaper while being just as effective. And it's built right on snowflakes. So the integration work to integrate, observe and snowflake was not a whole lot. This is the reason why we acquired observe. We will continue to be pretty active about m and a because there's a ton of opportunity and it's honestly tough for small companies to make a big mark right now. And in terms of where else you may look. And if you think about your strategy for m and a, are there certain sort of product extensions you're looking for? Are there certain other capabilities or certain kinds of talent that you're really focused on? So if I think about your war chest and that's your cash balance, what would you like it to go towards? You certainly continue to pay a lot of attention to the core infrastructure that to underlies our data platform. We've always been interested in areas like streaming. We also look for teams that can seize the moment. AI is changing how software gets made, and that's hard for people to internalize. But there are these geniuses that do and learn to how to apply it to specific areas. There are many areas within the data ecosystem that we think is ripe for disruption. We look for people that are able to use the power of AI and see that future. We'll continue to be very active. So a lot of your competitors and even folks who don't compete with head to head but are tangential in the space to where you play, are looking for the same town ent and they're looking at the same acquisition targets. So how do you think about valuation in this kind of market? And how high are you prepared to go to secure the acquisition of some of these businesses? Are thoughtful stewards of our business. We think that talent matters and great homes matter. So I and the exstaff at snoflake work hard to build relationships with many founders. We make sure that they understand how much impact that they can have and itturn out that in many of these situations, it's not just about the price, it's also about the impact, the freedom that these companies can have. We feel very good about how well positioned we are. And yes, I'm open about the fact that we are not going to be irrational acquirers. And we have a philosophy for how we evaluate acquisitions and how to do right, both by our shareholders, but also the long term value that we are able to create. I feel pretty comfortable with how we think about our acquisitions. Yes, there is competition, but snowflake is a pretty unique place where teams, for example, like the tenster stacks team, within a few months of them getting awward, have had world changing impact. And teams love that. I'm curious in this environment where you have seen your own share price decline so far this year along with the rest of the sector, when you're in these conversations with founders, are they pushing you to pay for their businesses all in cash because they're concerned that the stock will continue to be exposed? Yes, I think there's a little bit of you know an issue with software stock valuations, but part of what we are showing is the ability to stand out from things like subscription software. And most of our founders, to be honest with you, are happy to get paid in stock because they see significant appreciation. Markets will correct, but we feel very good about our long term prospects and our ability to drive growth and in fact, accelerated. How many discounts does usa auto insurance offer? Too many to say here. Multi vehicle discount, safe driver discount, a new vehicle discount, storage discount, like how many discounts will you stack up? Tap the banner or visit usaa. Com. Sh auto discounts, restrictions, supply. Let's talk about where that growth could come from and the kinds of customers who may pursue continued adoption. And just looking at the moment at your latest earnings presentation, which show these size of the strategic opportunities, and one target is Forbes Global 2000 customers. And for the end of Q4 20, 26, you've got the anticipated number for you of 790. So you know, a little under know sort of a little more than a third of that, call it addressable market. If you go beyond the global 2000, how interesting is the smaller enterprise to you? What is the sort of ideal mix for you in terms of these sort of large global enterprises versus some of the sort of medium sized ones that perhaps are not getting as much focus from your sales team? Well, we do pay attention to enterprises of a wide variety of sizes, and we have motions that are specific to the size of the opportunity. But I think it's across the spectrum. And the nice thing about the way snowflake operates is that even a smallish customer, let's say it's like a 510 billion market cap, can end up spending millions of dollars on their core data platform because it is so strategic to them. Yes, our growth is going to come from big companies, and we have roughly half of the addressable market. The Forbes 2000 has many 100 companies from China that are effectively harder bonds for us. So it tends to be closer to 50% of the possible addressable market. But we work with companies of a wide variety of sizes, and things like AI are making adoption of data platforms easier than ever before. And what does that mean for your pricing and your ability to take price your dabecause on the one hand, when you've got margins as healthy as yours have been and we talk about your margins, and part of the reason that software's been so attractive for investor is that sort of subscription recurring revenue and the health of those margins. But your clients, if they are the Forbes 2000, these are sophisticated people who are your counterparts and negotiating, are they turning around and saying, look, we know that AI has helped with your own internal efficiencies. We know how big your margins are. We see it in the public filings. You've got to give them price a little. Otherwise there are you know a handful of other folks that they could turn to there. You do have competitors in this space, that's right. But we have generally had very good pricing discipline. Typically, we offer better deals for better commitments. We had one customer come it to spending $400 million over five years with us. And our ability to kind of like maintain pricing at that level hasn't really been an issue. We continue to launch lots of improvements that make the core data platform better. Our value add to this world is this incredibly easy to use, connected and trusted data platform, and we've been that for many years. That gives us a fair amount of just value to deliver for our customers. And we will continue to be open about things like pricing and where we need to be aggressive and how we can cut our cars. If our cars go down a lot, I fully expect that we'll be able to drive growth without adding a lot of headcount. It obviously behooves us to PaaS some of that back to our customers. This is a balance that we always struck, and I feel very good about being able to just continue to do to doing that. Well, if that track should I. The other thing that weexpect to see is a lot of cash being generated. Just to put this in context, you've provided full year 2027 product revenue guidance of about $5.7 billion, by the way, healthy growth 27% and commensurate that weexpect to see pretty solid free cash flow generation. So when you think about the uses of that cash, we've talked about m and a, how are you thinking about dividends? How are you thinking about potential buybacks? Are you're thinking that actually it all goes into R&D, just your cash allocation? Would be great to understand a bit better. Yeah. One of our medium term goals, which we fully expect AI to accelerate is gap profitability. Our gap profitability has always been you know been behind spc stock based compensation that we have paid because hiring engineers has always been an expensive proposition in the valley. It used to be 41% two years ago, and last year it was 34%. And we guided to having spc to be at 27% this year. We will continue to be very aggressive about driving spc down, which is what will make us gap profitable, but also pretty healthy with respect to just free cash flow, as you were saying, it was over a billion dollars last year, and we guided to 23% this year. And thatwill continue to be healthy. It is going to be used for a combination of stock buybacks as well as m and a. We try to keep our overall dilution as low as possible, and our stock buybacks have been helpful in being able to do that. After all, we more than anyone else what the stock is worth, we do internal modeling of those things. But as they were saying, the bigger goal for the company to achieve as quickly as possible is gap profitability. That means bringing spc down even more. And the revenue growth is a big part of bringing that spc down. And do you mind actually, she should are just expanding a little bit more on why gap profitability is important to not all companies say gap profitability is something that we are focused on. They're perfectly happy for the market to continue to look at them on an adjusted basis and to use alternative metrics like EBITDA. Why is it important to you to get there on the gap basis? Well, I think the market is changing. I think software as a whole, which was the only place which drove growth over the past two decades, is changing is under a lot of pressure. I think gap profitability is the that's the gold standard for company profitability. I think more and more software companies are going to be held against that standard, and I think that's the one that we should be chasing. I'm happy with our cash flow. It's very, very healthy. But gap profitability, as I was saying, that's the gold standard by which companies are judged. It's also, for example, the precursor to things like getting included in the S&P 500. We should be a nice thing to have, right? And do you think that this stop based compensation has been controversial for a while now? Right? This this is not sort of a new issue. Again, do you think that as employees look at the volatility in software stocks, which feels like it's been neearer over the last 18 months, do you think that there is going to be amongst the engineering talent that is so difficult to get a rejection of stock base comp? Do you think that they're going to lean more again into cash compensation, which is going to make some of this actually from the counting basa little bit easier to track potentially? I think this is the way that Silicon Valley has done business for a while, and engineering compensation has generally been high, driven by you know folks like malalma mater at Google. Obviously, meta is pretty aggressive on this side as well. I don't think top talent compensation is going to is going to go down exactly how it gets paid. I think that will change over time. But, you know, in my later years at Google, I was there till the end of 2018. The stock based compensation had effectively more or less become cash compensation in that the plans for a relatively short, there was a short vesting Cliff. It became more and more predictable. Yes, I think therebe a desire for things like that, whether that gets done purely as cash or is done via stock based compensation, I think thatwill continue to evolve. Shudaramas wami, CEO snoflake, thank you for joining. Congratulations on a strong quarter. And come back and keep us updated when you've seen snowork roll out and we've really seen some of the results of that coming through. Thank you, annn. Great to I' M Anne berry. Thank you for tuning into after earnings, the show that brings you up close and personal with the executives behind the world's most interesting publicly traded companies. If you learned something today, don't forget to like, subscribe and share with your friends. Upcoming episodes will feature ceos and fos from lucid motors, booking holdings, Duolingo and many more. We'll see you next time.
