---
ticker: SNOW
type: podcast_transcript
title: "NASCAR LIVE 2-3-26 : Joey Logano, Carson Hocevar"
podcast: ""
date: 2026-02-04
audio_url: https://rss.art19.com/episodes/5621670d-1c0c-4f4d-a1c0-b0e50f8bf9fc.mp3?rss_browser=BAhJIglpVE1TBjoGRVQ%3D--4577cbcc3cc5282be318e551563630a2c5c2f06f
language: auto
chars: 51028
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# NASCAR LIVE 2-3-26 : Joey Logano, Carson Hocevar

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2026-02-04

---

## Transcript

Every diy project has that Oh no moment. The missing bolt, the measured cut, the second, third and fourth trips to the hardware store. That's where craftsmen comes in. Whether you're tackling the backyard, the bathroom or beyond, craftsmen has the tools to help you power through and get the job done right. Because diy is unpredictable, but your tools shouldn't be. Head to craftsmen. Com today and find the right tools for any project. Craftsmen build on the following is a production of the motor racing network, the voice of nascar. The motor racing network presents nascar live pamlin looking for, they get turned at the front of field and the front comes apart. Hamlin in the outside wall. William Byron leads into the corner. They're still racing into the corner. William Byron out in front by two carlings over Tyler retic as they exit. For here comes William Byron, here comes Tyler reddiracing into the trioval. Checkered flag is in the air. William Byron wins the day ona 500 and becomes a two time winner, a back to back winner of the great American race from the mrn studios in concord, North Carolina. Here is your host, Mike Bagley. Hello everybody. Welcome to another edition of nascar live here on the motor racing network. Mike Baley and the entire mrcrew here with you as we are still trying to run the cookout clash at Bowman. Gray stadiof Mother Nature made quite the impact over the weekend. And as of now, all things are a go. Tomorrow night in Winston Salem, North Carolina. Coming up on tonight, ghshow, we'll sit down with three time nascar cup series 's champion Joey Leano. We're also gonna to do a deep dive on all of the nascar events that have been impacted by snow over the years. Carsaid hosivar of spire motorsports will join us. Plus our Kurt Becker will take us through all the changes in the nascar cup series garage and we'll flash back to the 2001Daytona 500. But first, kricky is here with the latest checkup headlines across the world of nascar. Kyle Mike, a motorsport superstar, will make his nascar return this season. Three time Indy 500 winner Gary O friend Kitty will compete for Tricon garage in the nascar Craftsman Truck Series inaugural event at St. Pete the organization announced that the former indie car icon will pilot the team's number one truck. Fran Kitty last competed in nascar back in 2008. In other news, in conjunction with the cookout clash being postponed to Wednesday, nascar announced that fans with tickets who do not attend the event can get a 120% credit for tickets to any race at a nascar owned racetrack except the Daytona 500 and the championship finale at the homestead Miami speedway, or receive a 100% refund. Fans must fill out the appropriate form at nascar clash. Com within 14 days. And Daytona International Speedway has announced that comedian Nate bargeeti will give the command to start the engines at next weekend's great American race. Mike, thank you, Kyle. Coming up, Joey legato joins us. Nascar power ball. The chase to 1 million is on finalists. Are you ready? Still miss your chance to collect cash prizes on your way to an all new destination where you could take home $1 million santhe winners. I believe the official lottery game of nascar is back for the however, the chase to 1 million starts now. This is nascar live. Now back to Mike baglley. Welcome back to nascar live. No one in the nascar captch's garage has had more success under the previous playoff format than Joey legano. Joey won all three of his nascar cutseries 's championships during that span. Now nascar has made the decision to bring back the chase. Our Steve post sat down with the former champ to get his thoughts on the change and how he has enjoyed his off season. How was the off season with Joey and Brittany and Hudson and Jamieson and the new? How was the off season for the luanos? We had a blast. We had a good time just being parents, having fun with our kids. I mean, it's really nothing outside of the normal anything crazy that we do. You're preparing for the season, but then you know when we're home, we're just chasing, we're around doing all the kids events and stuff and a lot of full wheeling, a lot of gocarts. That's been fun. My oldest is really into that type of stuff. So we've been doing fun doing that. Yeah, living it up, having a good time. So your oldest is into that stuff. He gets that honest though, because seems like you were into that stuff as well. I still am. Yeah. That's the best therapy that there can ever be is you jump on a quad at any time someone talks about their mental health, I'm like, you need a four Wheeler. That's what I you need a quad. You need to jump on that thing and ride for ten minutes a day. That's all you need. It doesn't take long. If you can ride for an hour, it's even better. But that's that's it. A stressful day, crazy day. It's good when I get home and little man's at the door saying, can we ride? I'm like, dude, yes, let's go. So we try to. We pulled up, if you heard the Irish exit, you know what that is? Someone just kind of irispears exactly. I know the Irish scoot by well. So we do that and just kind of disappear into the woods, start riding. Nobody knows. Iirish goodbye to blissful peace. That's really cool. Good, good stuff, that's for sure. Getting ready for the 2026 season. Of course, one of the big topics is the chase returns. When we went to a playoff style format or the chase format in 2003, it was described as your old buddy, the Matt Kenza through. Okay, this one seems to be maybe the Joey legono rule with this change on this, just what's your take on how we've evolved, how we've gotten here and where you're at with where we're at as far as this playoff format goes? I guess I don't have much of an opinion to be honest with you. You know I'm good with whatever comes our way, we're gonna to figure out how to win it or we have to, right? So whether it's the whole playoff format, which personally I liked, but I raised a similar format to this before that and I was good with that too. It's just gonna to take a different formmula to go into the championship now from what we used to do. So you know consistency will matter more. I'm sure everyone saying the same thing, that's definitely gonna be a bigger deal, but you're not gonna have those do or die moments where you have to win to move on. And you know all these crazy desperate moves that we've seen, probably not gonna see that anymore, but sounds like this is what the fans wanted, or at least some of the fans wanted, I guess. So if that's case, cool, let's go. I'm good with that too. You mentioned consistency. And do you think that's going to be one of the bigger impacts race by race, week by week? Just what do you think this is going to look like week by week by week? You're definitely, my opinion is you goto go into the chase no further back than sei think to win the championship. I think with the amount of points that the winner is gonna to get from the regular season and you know, the top two cars will have, you know, there's 25 points there. 30, you know, by time you know it, you're 40 points back to start, you're gon na have to have a pretty incredible chase to close that up on what was the season's best cars. Pretty tough to do. So you're gon na have to be consistent throughout the whole year if you want to win the championship. If you come in outside the top ten, I don't see it happening. I don't see it even be impossible. But you know, just because of the level of competition, but you know not to say that there could be the Tony Stewart run that we remember right, when he won half the races and he won the championship. Sure, that can happen. That happened one time. Okay, ever. Okay. So the chances are that doesn't happen. So if you're being realistic, you goto be solid all season long, you goto limit the bad days, you know the the dnf's are gonna to be more painful than ever. So itchange the way you race itdefinitely change the way what we see on the race etrack, no doubt when we look at the last ten races, you talk about that Tony Stewart here, but we also have the Jimmy Johnson erof that as well. Can you look back as we get closer and closer to that and and see how they navigated a ten race championship run? And will you Yeah, I mean, it's, I mean, everyone, well, a lot of guys didn't race in that time, I guess. But gui, remember it firthand how he did it. And Yeah, he's he was spectacular with it. He just had solid races, every one of them, right? Like they just top tenure to death. That's pretty much what it was. Yeah, just no bad races and just, you know, theywin a few and then they just never have a bad one. And that was before stages and those type of things. So they always figured how to finish good sport gets a little momentum rolling along and looks we do this. What's the responsibility of the driver, Joey Liano and other drivers to help maintain that momentum as the sport gets up and rolling? Well, I mean, I think there's I mean, it's everybody's responsibility. To be clear, it's not just the drivers. The drivers have a role in it. Media members have a role in it. Our fans have a role in it. Team owners have a role in it. Nascar has a role in everybody has in the whole ecosystem is responsible for the narrative of the story and we have to you keep that excitement rolling and there's gonna to be plenty right and you get the Daytona 500. That's a storyline. No matter what happens, no matter how that race plays out, it's big. And then you have the first few races, Atlanta, west coast swing, you got like plenty of stuff to kick off and keep the momentum rolling. You mentioned the Daytona 500. You're a 2015 champion of the great American race. Can you just take us on Sunday morning of the Daytona 500? Is it different than other Sunday mornings? And how so yes, the great American race, you got one shot a year at this thing. And. There's no other race like it. The only other race that was, to me, similar or even more pressure was when you were in the championship four and you're race ing Ford championship. That's a whole different league. Now the biggest race of the year is a Daytona of 500, again, for everybody. And that Yeah, you got one shot at it. You know it. I mean, as somebody that's one, it you know what it means to win it, you know what that impact how big it is Yeah, it's a different morning, right? It's more on the line. Great morning. One of the best mornings of the year, no doubt about that. This is the sixtieth anniversary of team Pensky. What's it been like to be part of this iconic race team for you? Yeah, I I've been able to be fortunate enough to be on the race team for quite some time now. I have enjoyed every moment of it. I love the heritage, but I love the expectation of excellence. Maybe even more. The everybody knows how Roger does. Thanks, right? I don't need to here sit here and say, you know how we what our expectations are. But it's incredible to be a part of that for seeing the people that have worked there for so long. Like you know I've been here for what, 13 years? I think it is 13, 14 years, and I like still one of the new people. Yeah in comparison, a lot of people have worked there, right? And that says a lot about an organization where people stay for a long time. They promote from within. It's been a really fun place to see that. It's been very challenging. It's very serious, right? There's not much joking around, but I like that because it's about winning. That's what we're here to do. Final question for you. One change that did happen with your program is you showed up at a charity event in December and you've changed your hairstyle. You've shaved off your hair. What is your reaction to the reaction of that? I just think it's kind of funny. I mean, I just you get to a certain point, you just cut it off. My daughter had the best, the best thing she said to me the other night. We tell our kids all the time, you know, you don' T Brush your teeth, the teeth is going to fall out, right? And so she goes to me the other day, she goes, Hey daddy, did your hair fall out because you didn' T Brush your hair? That's just three. Yeah, that was it, honey. Yeah. So Yeah, it's I'm looking forward to the summertime because the winter I got be honest, pretty cold pretty cold up there stuff. Summer should feel nice. Good stuff. Yeah, good stuff. Appreciate the three year olds perspective exactly. Sure. We all need to look at life. I just year old at times for sure. Joey, we appreciate the time. Thanks for joining us. Thank you. Coming up, we'll do a deep dive on snow's impact on nascar events over the years, from fueling nascar t champions on the track for over 20 years to innovating 94 octane, the highest octane on the market performance is what Sonoko does. Sonoco cans injinto the car bubble Wis down and away. All Sonoco fuel at the pump meets the same top tier standards as the fuel used in nascar. From the track to your tank sonokko the official fuel of nascar. This is nascar live. Now back to Mike baglley. Welcome back to nascar live. A massive snowstorm rolled through the country and the Carolinas over the weekend, causing the postponement of the cookout clash. Before we get to tomorrow's event, we thought weglance back at all the nascar events that had been impacted by snow over the years. Our Tim cattle FeMo has more winter weather in the start of any nascar season typically don't go hand in hand, but Mother Nature is notoriously unpredictable. And after a historic winter storm dropped over a foot of snow on parts of the Charlotte metro area, the cookout clash at Boman greay stadium had to be postponed by three days. While this is certainly an odd occurrence, it is not the first time an ascar race has been impacted by snow. The most recent example of this was back in the spring of 2018 at Martinsville on a Monday at Martinsville speedway in Virginia. We are live back in 2010, it was because of rain. This time it was because of snow that accumulated here in Martinsville, Virginia on Saturday night and into Sunday morning. It was on this Monday afternoon. One driver would snap a nearly 200 race winless streak. The White flag is held another half mile, and it's a win at martinsvilhe's back in one, right on the bottom of the racetrack, coming off turn number two. Kyle bush tried to close, but it's not gonna to be enough. Boy, try to get it done at Marville. The long way to return is over here. He comes up for Clint foyer, sees the checkered flag, and he wins the stp 500. While snow in Virginia the first few months of the year isn't surprising, snow in Southern California is far more rare. But that's exactly what happened in 2023. A mix of snow and rain canceled cup series qualifying and postponed the nascar o'rally auto part series race from Saturday to Sunday night following the cup race at auto club speedway. With snow capped mountains in the background and small flurries falling during pace lapse, John Hunter nimitchek won the final race on the two mile oval in Fontana. You are the final winner here at this configuration of this racetrack. K, what does that mean to you? It's cool to write my name in history as the final winner here at this two mile oval. What a great place. I mean, run all the lanes. You slip and slide around. Seems ms are treacherous. This isn't the first time snow has impacted races in the o'Reilly auto part series. Snow flurries flew from the sky, causing mid race delays at Las Vegas Motor speedway in 2022 and even more notably at Bristol Motor Speedway in 2006, which at the time ended a 13 year streak of races not being impacted by snow. It was a welcomed break after an entire race weekend at the Atlanta Motor Speedway was postponed because of a blizzard in March of 1993. Dubbed the storm of a century. Both the cup and o'Reilly auto part series races had to be rescheduled as Atlanta Motor Speedway quickly became a frigid winter wonderland. The cup series would race a week later on March twth. It was on this day veteran driver Morgan Shepard would pick up his fourth and final win in his cup series career. And Morgan Shepard, with half a lap to go and three quarters of a lap lead on early niurban, can just about post home premiere. He's in turn number three, trailing the breadboat on car on his way to the checkered flag. Morgan sheepherd about to collect a victory here at Atlanta Motor Speedway. Here he comes out of turn number four. And the fuel gamble will pay off for Morgan shpard in the sico Ford checkered flag. And Morgan shepherd will win here this afternoon. And the motor craft 500. Then there was 1989, originally scheduled to be the second race of the season. A late February storm dropped several inches of snow on Virgina's capital city, forcing the race to be rescheduled to Easter Sunday. Once the 1989Pontiac excitement 400 got underway, it was Rusty Wallace who ended up with a trophy. Wki closes that even more. Coming off the corner takes a little lower line off. Turn number two isn't going to be there at the end of the back straight away. He's still two car libehind Wallace. Rusty Wallace takes a good line through the corner. Kuwiki will shut it down to about two car links, but Rusty Wallace will win the Pontiac excitement 400. While it wouldn't be postponed, Richmond encountered a similar impact from winter weather just a year later in 1990. What ensued is widely considered to be the coldest nascar race on record and the biggest factor of all could be the weather. You talked about the stark contrast between last September and the race here today. Let's talk about where we were just one week ago. We were 45 minutes into the Daytona 500. Temperatures were in the mid 80s. And here we approach the start of the Pontiac 400. And nobody expects the thermometers readings to get out of the 20s today. And with this wind that is gusting as severely as 30 miles an hour, it feels with the wind chill factor as though we're darn close to zero degrees outside is gonna to be a fighting fighiting day. Ve down to the inside of the racetrack, the Folgers sport of Mark Martin. Now, as a crowd stands up in Sears on the back stretch, Martin takes it clearly down the back stretch back to turn three. Here's Mark Martin at the bottom of the speedway. The fans are on their feet cheering the Young driver on as he comes down to take the checkered flag and win the Pontiac excitement 400. With the clashes delay, this record from 1990 appears to be safe for now. And while all of these races are considered memorable, it's important to note snow interruptions in nascar's history are rare. So here's to hoping Sunny skies and warmer weather are on the near horizon. And the postponement of the 2:26 clash is the last time winter weather impacts nascar for a long while. Thank you, Tim. Coming out, we'll be joined by Carson hosebar. Buckle up, nascar fans. The harties app is fastest way to free download the and My Rewards. And we'll start you with a free sandich, then stack up the rewards p after p. Every dollar spent earn you stars that turn into more free food. Plus score app exclusive deals. Order ahead and start your engine. Get the hardies app today. Minimum purchase required menu items vcf for full offer terms. This is nascar live now back to Mike baglley. Welcome back to nascar live this season, Carson hosavaros spire motorsports will run his third full time slate in the nascar cup series. The 23 year old was on the cusp of victory numerous times last year and is looking to pick up right where he left off in 2025, I had a chance to catch up with Carson to discuss his approach to the new season. Welcome to 2026. What was your all season? What was your favorite all season activity? Favorite off season activity? Well, I got to go home, which is nice. I get to see my dogs. But probably racing the dome gateway to nationals was was probably the most fun. We made the amain without needing the provisional. And I don't think any of us, you know, we you know. A bunch of cup guys out of the shop that grew up dirt late, malracbut hadn't done a long time built to car and with longhorn chassis and went racing and made the amain, which I thought was super cool, seeing how excited Jeff Dickerson everybody was. What's it like racing under a dome? I don't know. I've always, you know, between like corner midgets and midgets and everything. I grew up, you know, I'm from Michigan, so if you want to race past, you know, about August, you need to race indoors. So I've always just racindoors since I was six. So it's always just so common to me that, Oh Yeah, you know, you get to winter intertime, it's indoseason whatever dirlabball is a little extreme indoors, but Yeah, it's a lot of fun. One of the things that we've been talking about in the all season, obviously the new chase format that you're gonna be racing under, you've never raced in that format. Obviously, you've you've known eliminations. Those are gone. How do you feel that the chase format is gonna to be different in 26 compared to what you've raced under? I'm excited for I mean, just every race is going to matter, right? When when depending on your goals, you kind of then just look ahead to the next round rather than just the next week. So I think every weekis just going to matter even more. And for us, I always thought we've ran really well in the you know, playoff races, that type of deal, you know in that part of the schedule. But the biggest thing for us, for a team like us, right, is like we could have a good first round and then it all disappears because it goes back to the playoff point. So for us, you know, if we could get some momentum out of the gate, you know, in the chase, you actually like get to keep that right. If the other guys have a bad race or a bad round, they, you know, I remember Denny finished like, I don't know, thirtieth or something, met Bristol, and then he jumped to the points lead. So rather than him like talking about how bad of a night he had, you know for whatever happened, they interviewed him about you know Oh, you're the points leader again for the next round. So Yeah, I'm excited for it. I think everybody will welcome the change from within the industry and and the fans. You mentioned the word momentum and that's something that seemed to be in play for spire last year. The deeper you got into the season, you could tell the ball was rolling and things were heading in the right direction. How would you assess like the back half of 25 for spire overall? I mean, I think we're already hit the reset button throughout. Good. We ran like we weren't where we were, felt like we wanted to be. And we were like, I wish we could like reset the points and go again, you know like so many things out of our control that took us out of good races that you you have some bad races here and there, but like it just for us doubled up, right, of like our good races never got to be finished. Good. And then our bad races were bad. So then all of a sudden you're two, three weeks in a row of you know the score sheet is not great. So I think that's the biggest thing for us. And also too, when you don't finish good, you're constantly having bad pit stall selection, bad qualifying effort and you're constantly having to drive through the field. I just think all those races, like a Nashville where it came from 26, Charlotte came from 30 ninth, like all these races like man, like how good could we have been if we didn't have to PaaS the entire field? You know, we all talked about how difficult it is to PaaS. I think that kept an all of our head of just like, man, we don't make it so hard on ourselves. I think will be really, really good. One of the things that we've been hearing from people like tapping back into the chase format thing is the importance of Saturday. We that was that we covered on mrn a lot last year when we were on the air for practice and qualifying about how a good Saturday can kind of kind of pulyou into a good Sunday gets you the stage points in, yada, yada, yada. You have a new teammate in dananiel Flores. In your opinion, what does he bring to the mix? You know, just like, you know, just probably a different perspective. You know, new change for the seven car I think is good for them hopefully. And you know, the better we get all three your our cars to run, the better we all push each other. So it's hard, I mean, it's hard to say now other than you know maybe you help us out on our Spanish a little bit, but we really won't know 100% until we really get racing, right? Like really everything. But you know obviously he has the perspective of how trackhouse did it and other teams have done it that I think is probably beneficial. But really you're not going to see any know really performance based deals till we get in the heat of it. We're off to the clash at Boman greay. What's it like competing in that environment? What's fun? I mean, I enjoy. I mean, the place is packed more than it probably should be, and that's great. You know, it's fun. You know, just reminmind you of growing up as a kid going to local short track and you're doing it with the fanciest, nicest cup cars and being ating it around in a little deal. But I mean, it works well for me because, you know, I just was at the dome and watch chili bullets. Just reminds me of those two type of places. Just you don't have a roof overyour head, but maybe we need a roof for how the weather it looks. But no, I'm excited for it. I enjoy it. And we were running forth before we spawned. So we ran good. I don't I don't get around Martinville, very good, but for some reason I get around buming gray, not bad. And then we're off to Daytona for the Daytona 500. What do you remember about your first 500 and being involved in that environment, getting ready to go in that big race? Yeah. Well, my first one was on Monday, so I didn't get the gauge of it and I only made it like five laps. So it wasn't great, but I just remember coming off turn four and getting a really good visual of it. You know, we started like seventh and you know, so we were up front and just seeing all the crowd and the sun starting to go down and everything. It's just a really good mental shot that I'll remember for a long time of, you know, just how you know, big, big the Daytona 500 is. What does a successful 26 look like for you? I have to win. What do you think it's gonna come from? I mean, probably a mile and a half, but you know ultimately just you know successful was gonna to be just putting a trophy in the trophy case. Yeah. And then ultimately, hopefully we have some consistency with it that our points score is pretty good. So but ultimately we have to put a win in the bank for you know, just all of us. I think this going to be super important. You know just having everything come together. You can't can't blow tire, can't blow a motor, can't have a caution fall the wrong way. You know we have all three of those at some point and we'll probably have a few more, you know, like a pit stop issue, whether it's on my end or a crew end or whatever, right? But you know I think we you know have lost ours, right? And you know now it's time to win some, hopefully. Do you feel it's a must win year for you? No, not as much as must win for me. I think it's a must win for me and our team. You know what I mean? Like eventually, you know you can't keep saying, you know we're gonna to get there. We're gonna to get there. You know we have way more talented people, way better cars eventually run out of tricks, you know eventually run out of moves and plays to get you in that spot. So I think it's a must. I hate saying must win as if like the company's going to you know dissolve if we don't, right? But like it's a must win for all of us, right? Because if we don't win this year, you know I don't know how we're confident in saying you know we're gonna to win the next year with how many people we got, quality of people, we galike everything in our off season. Eventually you're gonna to be like, what more can we add to this thing? You know, what more ingredients do we have to get this cake out of the oven and it not be raw? You know what I mean? So I think that's just gonna to be the must win aspect of, I think itjust shoot all our confidence down more than anything, but I think we're plenty capable of it. Just we haven't done it yet. There's a big difference between capable of it and doing it. Coming up, our Kurt Becker takes us through all the changes in the nascar cup series. Garage warning this product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical under a sale prohibited. When it comes to drivers, we all have our favorites. Same goes for zone nicotine pouches, offering a variety of bold flavors, available in strength of six milligrams and nine milligrams. Whether you're a fan of mint, citrus, subtle, or spice, you're sure to find an intensity and flavor that last one zone pouches at a discount mailed right to your door. Get 20 off at nicokick. Com backslash zone when you use promo code racing 20. This is nascar live. Now back to Mike baglley. Welcome back to desascar live. Silly season has settled and now the sport is full steam ahead as we approach next week's season opener in Daytona. Before we do, our Kurt Beacher is here to guide us through everything you might have missed regarding changes in the nascar cup series garage. Here's Kurt Becker. As teams across the nascar cup series prepare for the 2026 campaign, the garage has seen its share of behind the scenes movement that could reverberate once the Green flag drops. One of the most talked about switches comes at track house racing, where veteran engineer Brandon mcswayne is slated to take over his crew chief for Ross chastae's number one Chevrolet. Stepping into the role previously held by Phil surgeon, who will stay with the organization in a new capacity, Chastain detailed how the shift from surgeon to the longtime Hendrik motorsports engineer came together. Irrene and Brandon through, unfortunately, shiggy Hatori passing away and we got to talking and we I left that day and I just thought, why isn't he on the list? I know Brandon. I worked with him at shigies back in 2014, asked him if I could come over to their house. And I asked him and his wife, Jackie, I wanted her in the room when I asked if this was something that he would be interested in. And I wanted to make sure she was signed off on it because same thing as Phil stepping off the road. This Brandon travels. Has been traveling at hms, but still crew chief has a whole other role. And they both thought about it, talked about it once I was gone, and then let me know for sure that he was in. And then it was up to me to see if trackow thought that was going to be the right decision. I don't know enough about what the gshedoes to truly know what that right person is. I just know that I know Brandon personally. I've watched him grow and mature and as a person and also professionally and toss the name in the hat. Todd Meredith, Phil sergeon, the greater group at track house, looked through all the different people, interviewed several, and landed on Brandon. Meanwhile, promising rookie Connor zillish will come full time into the premiere series with experienced crew chief Randall Burnett calling the shots atop his pit box. Burnett owns six cup victories, and his addition brings a proven campaigner to a Young drivers program. Zillish discussed the getting to know you stage he and Burnett are in. It's been good. He's a very chill guy. You know, I feel like we're going to work well together and just we got to learn each other, though it's going to take time to figure out what I like and for me to understand, you know, how to talk to him and what the best way of communication is. So it's always like that with the new crew chief, but I feel like with the things that we're doing already to kind of prepare for the year, and I think we'll try and speed that up as quick as possible. Burnett's new role at track house also signals change at Richard gildris racing. The number 18 team will now feature a pairing of Kyle bush with Jim Pullman, a seasoned crew chief returning to rcr after previous stts in the exfinity ranks and early next gen development. The shift follows two straight windless seasons for bush and underscores rcr's broader personnel evolution as the organization looks to regain competitive momentum for bush. He knows it's all about winning races. Yeah we've got a new crew chii on board to year. Jim Pullman has joined our organization coming from jrm where he was with Richard Childers racing. Got called over to jrm to go do the exfinity deal with algair for the last couple years and turned that into a really powerful team where they've made the final four, won a championship. And so, you know, I'm looking forward to working with Jim, having him on board and being a part of what he can do to turn our program around and put us back into victory lane. So that's what it's all about, man. You got to win, you know, you got to win in this business. It's a performance based business. There's a lot of teams that are out there that are really, really good and they're capitalizing on being good and being consistent every week and being up front. And that's how it always is, you know and we've got to put rcr in that realm of people talking about where we're going next. And they're like, Hey, don't forget about that eight car. Don't forget about that three car at legacy motor club. The number 43 entry piloted by Eric Jones will turn to crew chief Justin Alexander in 2026, with Ben Bayshore moving to director of race engineering shakeup aimed at tiightening performance and direction within the program, Jones spoke about the dynamic of Alexander coming on board at legacy. The only way I really was gonna to do it is if I could have a veteran guy and someone who who's been there, done that. And Justin was the one guy that we could all pinpoint is a great option and ask him if Hebe willing to come back and get on the road full time again. And he agreed. And so I think itbe a good match. You know, again, I'm just getting to know Justin better and better through this this month, and spent a time with him. We went and did a test in north Wilkes esboro, which was good to kind of get our feet wet with that, but excited about it and excited to get rolling. Front row motorsports has shuffled its leadership by promoting longtime crew chief drew blickendorfer to competition director and installing grant Hutchins as crew chief for Noah Gregson's number four, Ford Gregson, who is no stranger to change, is prepared for the new challenge. Super grateful for audrew. Has done for me in my career working with him at sir Haas. And then now front row and then on to this next chapter with grant hudginins coming in as my crew chief. I've been trying to get to know him the last couple weeks and just trying to expedite that process of communication. It could take a year. It could take six months, it could take three months. It's just when you get a new head coach, a new crew chief finding, you know the communication and the cadence and the tone of our voices when we're on the radio, it takes a little bit. So getting reps in the simulator has been important. Just with the way I speak about the race car, the way he talks about the race car and getting on the same page, it takes a little bit to get on the same page. But spending time with each other, working hard together and just communicating as much as we can definitely helps expedite that process. At spire motorsports, Matt McCall, a former race winning crew chief, will oversee the cup program, including entries of Michael McDowell, Carson hosawar and Daniel Suarez, after a year serving as director of vehicle performance. Taken together, these moves reflect a mix of strategic promotions, fresh perspectives and experienced hands shifting roles, all part of the relentless effort by cup teams to gain even the smallest edge in a championship tightening era. Coming up, we'll revisit the 2001Daytona 500. This is nascar live. Now back to Mike begglley. Welcome back to nascar live this week. Our countdown to the Daytona 500 continues with a reflection back to the 2001 great American race, a day that changed the sport forever. Our Susie Armstrong is here to guide us through that significant moment in nascar history. It isn't hyperbole to say 2001 was one of, if not the most anticipated nascar seasons ever. The sppopularity had never been higher. And because of that, new broadcast partners, fox and nbc signed a deal to cover the sport. Along with the new tv deal came an expanded 36 race schedule that we still see today. Joining the sport for that 36 event campaign was also a new manufacturer. Dodge made their return to nascar for the first time since the 1985 season, fielding dodge and trepids with multiple teams. Even with all those changes, the season still began with a trip to the world center of racing for the 40 third annual Daytona 500. The dodges were fast out of the gate as bill Elliot, driving for the brand new Everham motorsports, won the pole, his first pole position in over three years. On the outside of the front row was also a dodge, as Stacey Compton, with the help of a Young Chad canals atop the pitbox, became the surprise of speed weeks by setting the second fastest speed in time trials. Further evidence of dodges strength came when two time Daytona 500 champion Sterling Marlin won his dual race on Thursday. But in the second dual race, the Chevrolet stepped up to prove themselves to be contenders as the race was dominated by Mike Skinner and Dale Earnhart junior. On a beautiful day at the world's most famous beach, 43 stock cars roared to the Green. They're coming down from the start. Terry brandshaw, the honorary starter, puts the Green out and they underway. And on the break, bill Elliot wano time and diving out front all by himself. Stacy Compton tucks in right behind him, and the battle is on for third place, door to doors that go to one. The lead was passed around like a hot potato in the opening stages of the race, but the highlights for the crowd came when both members of the Ernhart family took their turns at the point. Here goes dylor and harjunior again, with Skinner pushing from the rear flank. Theyclimb the banking theydraw even off turn four, Earnhart goes a little higher. See if dodge boy, he says. Earnhart junior, leads Ernhart almost in the grass down of the inside. Ernhardt goes to the lead and breafor him. The grass is just Green asphalt. Doesn't matter. He's gonna to use it. Ernhart's got the lead in the Daytona 500. Well, both Dale ernhardand, ernhardt junior, looked strong. The dodges were still the class of the field, most notably ward Burton in his Bill Davis racing and trepid. One thing we do know that dodges are for real. It's a dodge leading right now in ward Burton. He's bringing Mike Wallace and dylor hartuer with to the front in a race with an impressive 49 lead changes. Burton's 53 laps out front would be the most circuits lead on the afternoon. But shortly after the halfway mark, another surprising contender worked his way to the front. Michael Waltrip takes the napper color to the front of the Daytona 500. Michael Waltrip was making his debut in a new entry for Dale Earnhart, incorporated. After being handpicked by the intimidator to drive the number 15Napa entry, Waltrip was clearly making the most of his best opportunity to finally score his first cup series victory. Even with all of the hot and heavy action up front, the race was a fairly clean affair. The caution flag only flew three times, and only 14 of 200 laps ran under caution. The second of those yellow flags flew because of an incident involving a future hall of Famer that was making his debut in the great American race. Oh, we got trouble coming down into the trial where one car goes into the outside wall, spans down on the apron of the racetrack, and caution immediately comes on the speedway, cars going every which way to keep from hitting the car that got out of control. Joe, that is Kurt bush, who got sent spinning sideways less than 20 laps after the bush accident. The final caution flag of the day would fly. This time it would be for the big one to now. Trouble. Stewaris in trouble on the backstretch, steward's car up in the air and over barrel rolling, turning gyrait's a big wreck on the back straight away. At least six, seven, eight, maybe a dozen, maybe a dozen and a half cars all connect and collide on the backstretch. The crash on the Daytona's super stretch involved 19 different cars, with Tony Stewart getting the worst of it. The wreck also ended the hopes of ward Burton, defending series champion Bobby labbani and multime Daytona 500 winners Jeff Gordon and Dale Jarrett. Racing would resume with just 21 laps remaining. With the checkers in sight, the competition amped up to another level as now. Here comes sterling Merlin. Hechange lanbreaks. The draft rumbles out of the pocket. Sterling Merlin back to the lead off the end of the backstretch. And upfront, the battle for the lead continues. Dalerhart racing up inside of Michael Walter P, double wide for the lead, then three wide, about three rows deep. For now, Michael Walter hangs onto the lead, changes lanes, trying to break the draft, first down low, then back to the middle, then back to the outside, their side by side for second. Michael doing whatever he can to keep everybody behind him. But does he have enough muscle to contend with Sterling Marlin? As the lapse dwindled down, Waltrip remained in control, with teammate Dale Earnhart junior riding shotgun and teaowner Dale Earnhardt riding in third as the White flag flew. This crowd is on their feet. They want to see the finish of the daytonta 500 theylook at the White flag when they cross the shark finish line. Michael Walker ahead of Earnhart junior by just two car lakes. Who's going to make the move and when are they going to make it? They go back to turn one for the final time. We'll soon find out. Michael Waltrip doing everything he can to hold on the race lead. He has to go low to block dalerhart junior. He keeps a pin down low. Earn Hart Jr. Still riding in second through all, chasing Michael Waltrip on the super thresays. Earn Hart junior, have anything left? He's going to try Walter P to the bottom, trying to throw in the block. Successful so far. Three wide behind, halfway down the back, straight away. Walp with maybe a one car. Let lead ed over. Earn Hart junior to three. Michael waltrishowing the muscle. Everything stacks up from third on back. Dale Ernhart gets turned sideways. Hetake, Schider, Ernhart and Strader are in the wall. Walter leads off board. Coming down of the finish, though, it is Michael Walter trying to hold off Dale Ernhart junior in 463 tries. Finally, Michael Waltrip is going to win a nascar Winston Cup race, winning the Daytona 500, the biggest of them all. Your thoughts, your first Winsted cup victory in this happens to be the Daytona 500. Well, it's just unbelievable. Dale junior, that was Budweiser they were throwing on me and that I would be over for 463 if it weren't for Dale junior. Man, he dreamed he won the Daytona 500, and he did. I just got to be the one that was in victory lane. I cannot believe it. It's a great Falet me ask you a question though. Is one for 463 really that much better than o for 462? I mean, it's the Daytona 500. That's all I know. I won the Daytona 500. Michael waltripp's first career victory came in his 460 third start, a record, and it came in the biggest race possible. While jubilation unfolded in victory lane, the focus quickly shifted to concern for Dale earnhard after the crash and turn four on the final lap, sitting directly in front of me, the Ken Strader car on the Dale Earnhardt car, Earnhardt was on the low side of the racetrack. Someone turned his car, he went shooting up the banking directly into the route that Kenny Schrader was occupying. Schrader now very quickly calling over for the medical crews to come to attend and check on dlearn nhart. So Schrader, climbing from his car very quickly, ran to the number three piers, into the car and calls to the medical crews who are quickly coming to the scene. Well, in hot pursuit of dyerhart junior, who is going out tour turn four to see if he can find out about his father. He's looking for the care center. Dale junior, the care centers. This way they don't know anything yet about your father. Tell us about those last few laps. I was trying to save him, Michael, and see what happened at the end. But they had a big raback there today. Everyone will help. So back of wom's first race, asked dalern Hart junior, who's going to the care center. He's trying to check on his father. He comes home second in a Budweiser shepy. And well, he's very concerned about ern Hart Senior, who had that hard lick into the wall up there and turn four. And they are yet getting Dale out of the car. And we'll give you an update as soon as we know anything further. They have transported dalerhart senior to Halifax hospital. No word on his condition. We did talk to some of the folks from Daytona International Speedway, and dyernhart senior has been transported to the Halifax hospital, but no word on his condition one way or the other. A few hours later, new nascar president Mike Hilton had to make one of the most heart wrenching announcements in nascar history. This is undoubtedly one of the toughest announcements that I've ever personally had to make. But after the accident and turned forward at the end of the Daytona 500, we've lost dalernhart dalerhart's death on the final lap of the 2001Daytona 500 was one of the most impactful moments in the history of sport. While it was an unquestionable tragedy, it led to numerous safety innovations, including mandatory use of the Hans device and the development of the safer barrier. Less than five months later, when nascar returned to Daytona, everyone was witness to a moment that will live forever in the hearts and minds of not only Earnhart fans, but all of nascar nation. What a headline this is going to make. Dylor Hart junior comes back to the Daytona International Speedway leading the pack. Coming to the line, he will win the Pepsi 400. Thank you, Susie. Coming out will flashback to the 2008Budweiser shootout. This is nascar live. Now back to Mike Baley. Welcome back to nascar live. Before we head for the exits this week, let's dial up the mrn time machine and flashback to February 2008 and the running of the Budweiser shootout at Daytona International Speedway. A day where Dale junior put on one heck of a show dostewart showing he knows well how to drive defensively, holding off the charges of Dale anhart junior and Dale Earnhart. He has a two klic lead over junior. It's about three car links back to senbut. Seniors got plenty of drafting helpers. Five cars stacked up behind him. Here they come, racing back in turn number one. Tony Stewart with the lead. Dale learn. Hart junior goes low. Dale senior goes high. Now the earnhearts side by side contesting the second position. Dale senior with more momentum in the outside lane. Time to make something happen. Coming off the turn two down the back straight away, heading into turn number three, Dale Ernhart, junior loses the draft in a big way, goes back one, two, three, four positions. Senior goes for the lead. Senior tucks down low. He draws even with Steart. He waves as Tony as he goes by. Dale Earhart trying to size it up for his seventh win, possibly here at the, but is the lead the place to be with just three laps to go? Actually two when they cross the line this time is a head down back into turnumber one. Earnhart senior has a lead. Tony Stewart locked in on him right now as they work their way back to turnumber one. A lot of shuffling going on a little further back in the pack. Now Earnhart picks up the defense. Tony Stewart suddenly finds himself in second spot, trying to find a way to get back to the point. All the while he has to guard the rear flank, Rusty Wallace posing in from third, winding his Pontiac up off. Turn two down the back straight away. Daler and Hart Wiley down the back chute inside, outside, snakes it up. Breaks the draft. Stewart can do nothing with him now. Hedie ve down long go for the lead in three. Now as he grabs the lead, Tony Stewart, Schrader is off the pace. Hecoast to the pit lane. Rusty Wallace is now in the mix. Stewart leads. Ernhart is second. Wallace is on his checckman and third last time by the start finish line. Kenny Srader is running fifth and he has slowed, dropped off the banking, out of the draft, completely headed for the garage up front on his Tony Stewart trying to hold off the charge. Dylord Hart is on one side, Rusty Wallace there in the mix. And here comes Jeff Gordon. Gordon side by side with Rusty Wallace battling for the third spot. And Dale jrett tries to get back into the pray as well. He's fifth, working in the inside lane. All this going on behind race leader Tony Stewart on the super spread at 200000 reasons for Tony Stewart to be on the defensive big time down the back, straight away. Here's Earnhart looking inside, outside, Stewart blocks, Stewart leads the three. Here they go up the banking for the final time. Isn't lucky sevens for Earnhart or 20 the hard way for Tony Stewart off the banking? Stewart by a car length. Stewart by a car length. Before Tony Stewart brings him back down of the line looking behind him to see what Ernhart may do. For now, he stays tucked in behind him. Tony Stewart is going to win the Budweiser shootout of 2001. We would like to thank Joey ligano and Carson hosivar for joining us on tonighshow. And just a reminder for you, don't forget mrn's covered age to the cookout clash begins tomorrow afternoon, 130 pm eastern time with nascar cuseries practice and qualifying. The we're back at four eastern for nascar live race day as we get you set for the running of the unofficial start of the season with the cookout clash at Bowman Gray stadium for Mike Bakley and the rest of the emermarand crew. Thank you so much for joining us. We'll chat with you tomorrow night from Bowman Gray. Until then, so long, everybody. Nascar live is a production of the motor racing network with studios in concord, North Carolina. Today's broadcast was produced by tray dowdy, pat Jaggers, and Julian council. The executive producer for mrn is Ryan horn. Remember to visit mrn dot com for all the latest news and information. Nascar live is produced under an exclusive license with nascar. Any use of the accounts and descriptions contained in this broadcast must be with the express written permission of nascar and the motor racing network.
