---
ticker: CRTO
type: youtube
title: "Is Criteo A Buy Or A Sell??? Diving Into The Fundamentals!!!"
channel: "My Journey Into Value"
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iKCM9pJ_zfs
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 22018
---

# Is Criteo A Buy Or A Sell??? Diving Into The Fundamentals!!!

## 视频信息
- **频道**: My Journey Into Value
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iKCM9pJ_zfs

## 转录全文

Heat. [music] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Heat. Heat. Heat. [music] All right. Hello. Um, straight into it. This one we're looking at Critio. Um, came up on my screener. Um, obviously you can see why it's had a hell of a of a downturn so far this year. What are we looking at there? Peaked peaked trough 58% downturn. So, uh, certainly shows up in my screener when stuff's lost that much. Uh, this one here if maintain the buy. All right. Interesting. This is some relatively new stuff cuz I looked at this probably a week or so ago. I think when we put the last video up, I said we were going to mention it. Um, haven't got around to doing the video yet. So, we're doing it now. Um, so first off, Critio, let's drag my notes up here. Um, it's advertiser. Um, one thing I have noticed as well, man, before we get into that is this insider buy these two here. um here they're not significant, you know, 150,000 between the two of them, it's not earth shaking, but when you look at the history of it, all sales, um these two have only like only recently happened. They hadn't happened when I'd valued the stock. So, this is actually quite interesting um that this has happened since I've last looked at it. I'm not sure it's going to change my mind on um on Critio. Uh but you know um still interesting to see that. Um so it is a global advertiser headquartered in Paris, France and listed on the NASDAQ. So what they do is uh Critio is best known for retargeting ads. So those personalized ads that show uh you products that you've already looked at online. Say you looked at something and then all of a sudden you go on Facebook or Instagram and all of a sudden that thing that you've looked at is advertised to you there. That is what Critio do. Um they earn their revenue primarily on a cost per click basis. So every time someone would click on an ad that they've shown um there you go. So you mean an advertisers pay when users click on their views or their ads. Um, so one thing about Critio is that it's going to be in a very um tough industry. You you're going up against Google Ads, Amazon Ads, um, TTD. I can't remember what TTD was, but I did look at it. I said this was this was a week or so ago that I did look at it, but um, yeah. So, you're up against some Bayamoff companies there like Google Ads, Amazon Ads, Facebook do ads, don't they? Um so it's a it's a crowded business, crowded industry. Um so their breakdown of their revenues um performance media, retail media. Um so media trading, retargeting type business. That's like I said, that's what they do. You you see an ad, they try to or you you look at a product and then they try to show you again later on somewhere else. Um, so yeah, getting into the revenues. Uh, let's bring up the spreadsheet. Which one have I got it on? A few open this one there. CRTO. So, they're reasonably consistent the last few years. 1.9 billion, 1.9 billion, 1.9 billion, 2.1. Um, they've had, you know, some slightly better years, but they're very consistent. Um, one other thing as well that I've noticed is that the gross margin, um, is increased quite nicely. uh whereas SGNA margin has stayed reasonably consistent. It's actually dropped a little bit uh year on year. Um what else did I write about this? Uh Creo shows 1.67 billion in performance media segment in the same period. Retail media segment was around 266 million. So the uh performance media um section is by far their biggest revenue earner. Um the retail media section has been growing very strongly 20 to 25% year-over-year. Um even though that is currently the smallest portion of their business. Our performance media is relatively flat or declining. Um in their Q4 2024 results they disclosed retail media revenue for Q4 was 91 uh.8 million up 20% year-over-year. So it's definitely a uh becoming a very important part of their their revenues. Um uh 892 million uh in Americas uh in Europe 6 66 I can't speak 676 million so uh and Asia Pacific 360 odd million um so they are they are global definitely global and you know the the US and the and Europe are by far their um it's not too much size difference between the US and Europe really. Um but future risks wise um they're in the middle of changing what kind of company it is. U historically it's made the most money from it retargeting ads um which we spoke about um but with uh privacy changes especially in the EU and decline uh third party cookies that business is shrinking. So now they're trying to go to the commerce and retail media platform more like Amazon ads and obviously transitions they take time. So that is a risk to the future. Um if their AI algorithms as well perform poorly compared to their competitors and customers would just switch cuz uh why why would you stay somewhere when there's a better alternative to get your adverts seen more elsewhere. Um so to maintain a competitive edge the R&amp;D spending is is considerably you know it has to be it has to be a large portion um to keep especially when you're going up against Google um like Google AI and all that sort of thing you know they're you know that's that's tough to compete with um so AI tech is also changing fast and could make uh critio less unique um and it also relies on tracking behavior and personalized ads so obviously regulators depending on what regulators feel about that. Um, if regulators tough and crack down on what you can a crack down on what you can track and all that, then that's going to be, you know, very uh very detrimental to Critio's um business model. Uh, advertising is also cyclical. So, when economy slows, companies cut their marketing budgets. We've seen that with WPP. They were struggling um because people just one of the first things they do is we ain't got enough money on advertising. Um, so at the moment, we're not going to do it, you know. um has announced plans to move its legal headquarters um from France to Luxembourg. A move aimed at flexibility for potential US acquisitions. Um the only thing I [clears throat] don't like as well is that there's low insider ownership. Management doesn't own a big stake. So I I personally uh see that as a you know it's not a sign of weakness, but it's not it's not something I like. um and share buybacks to the main capital return strategy, but business growth still saying that my offset the offset the valuation pressure. So they have bought back, you know, 64 million down to 53 million. It's not like they're not doing it. They are buying back shares. So that is good. Um what else have we got? So what's been done to combat the decline? Um I said they're trying to switch the part of their business really. Um they've done a major integration deal with Google which is obviously weird cuz you know it's one of their competitors when Google's not going to turn around business are they I guess. Um so the brands can buy Creo's network of 200 plus retailers via Google's platform giving Creo access to additional demand. So that is a good you know that is a good thing. Um they've partnered up with another major global ad agency um streamlining their products. They're trying to streamline R&amp;D um by moving more into retail media which is obviously we said that's higher growth already um to shopping and commerce. They're aiming to offset the headwinds of the performance media. Um so they are they are doing things but they're doing things that will take time to come to fruition. Um reorganizing leadership as well that time will tell whether or not that pays off. Um there these initiatives are positive but execution remains. It's one uh it's one thing to announce integrations and partnerships, another to translate them into meaningful revenue and margin growth. So we see um balance sheet. So I thought the balance sheet actually look quite good. Um if we just Oh, was um we'll pull it up here actually uh CC final steam. Where are balance sheet? Just the top even looking. So, you know, 25 million in cash, you know, just under 700 million in receivables, that's 800 million of your of your billion. You know, that's not, you know, it's it's reasonable. Um, 800 million in liabilities, uh, payables quite high. Um, operating leases, well, I don't tend to to count them. Um I'm with Michael Bur and Keith Gill and all that on you know if you've got an operating lease and you know you can there are ways to get out of it or you can just release the property yourself. Don't have a lot of tangible assets. This is something that I don't like in um in businesses though um there's a huge difference between book value and tangible book value but tangible book value is positive. So that is something um but book value is is I would it has grown you know $7 in the last six years. So that's something tangible book value on the other hand as you know pretty flat. Um current ratio is quite good. They got enough money to pay for their uh current liabilities which we've seen um this interest coverage I think is wrong. Um I had to do some adjustments on the free cash flow in the data. The data is not correct but uh did I I might have written that in my um in my notes. So we'll we'll go through that. Um so 700 million of 2 billion total assets is goodwill and intangibles don't like that. So due to low um uh you know due to that we've got tangible value considerably lower than book value. Um current ratio is high it's been for 5 years and and return on capital from EBIT and free cash flow is currently 60 plus% but free cashio seems to have more than doubled this year. So it's something uh something historically off historically both rocks have been around 20 to mid 20 but this is because they're shifting to bet is this because they're shifting to better margin. So, I haven't really looked into that because it's not it's not a business that I think is cheap enough currently, but uh I I've noted this down. So, if I do come back to it, then you know I can look into that. I've got no worries about the debt. Interest coverage has always been fantastic and debt is way below the cash levels. Um if we bring up here, uh what have we got? Uh where's total debt? So, we basically haven't really got any, have they? Um, anything down here? This is employee benefit, sharebased compensation. So, they don't really have any. Um, in my spreadsheet, it says total debt down here. Uh, 109 million. So, it's nothing really. You know, when you got 255 million cash position, I'm not worried about the debt of this company. Um it's fine you know the interest coverage has always been fantastic like I said so that we've just shown is 50% lower in cash so good you know good that's what we want to see in a in a balance sheet really the only thing is the tangible assets for me is not great I'd be more worried about that if there was debt but um as there is no real debt I'm not that worried about it so they bought back 10 million shares which you said in the last six years the rev revenues which we've already shown have been very consistent around the 200 uh uh sorry 2 billion mark. Gross margins steadily increase. SGNA margins still stayed reasonable. So we spoke about that already. Uh R&amp;D margins have doubled since 2022. But this is what we were saying about having two, you know, down here 6 7% up to like almost 14%. You're now trying to compete with big advertisers that have got, you know, the sway of AI behind them and you're going to have to spend on it or you're not going to compete. and that's where they're at really, you know, and I don't know if that's going to something that's going to change coming forward. Probably not. Um, but the operating mar operating margin and net income margin stayed um very reasonable. Uh, you know, around about 4%. So, it's quite we are in normalized earnings territory, I guess. You know, um they had a couple down years here, but they are back to to where they were before. So, I said we are in normalized earnings territory, I guess, when you look at that from that point of view. Um, so still have an active share repurchase program and no time horizon for it. There's a remaining authorization of 200 million but no commitment to use it. So that'd be around another 9 million in shares taking the count down to 44 million 17% difference. And so that could take book value to 25 uh, you know, $26 if they use it. And that's a big if because there is no um, you know, no time to horizon to use it and there's no commitment to use it. So, it would appear that Q4 is always their biggest uh quarter um on their cash flow statement now. So, we're on to this one here. Uh that's the that's the um this is a quarterly one. So, Q4 earnings Q4 earnings significantly higher in everyone every other quarter. Um so, obviously we're coming up to that. That will be the next one to see what's going to what's going to happen with that. We haven't got the data on that yet. Um, oh there we go. So I've checked Wise Sheets data against figures last year and it is accurate. So maybe that cash flow is accurate. There's been significant year-on-year cash flow growth. So free cash rate could be accurate. There's no apparent one-off earnings in the latest Q3 results for the last nine months. So we can see that here uh statements of cash flows. Um that's the wrong one is it isn't. There we go. Yeah. So, uh, nothing really oneoff, you know, um, compensation expense quite high amotization. So, there's no one-off one-off incidents really that that I can see. I don't know what I'm doing. Let's point that out. I don't know what I'm doing. I am somebody vlogging my journey to try and become a successful investor. I don't manage any money other than my own. Um, I've got no qualifications in it or anything like that. So you are watching a very raw person learning as they go and just sharing their experience just in case anybody in the future wants to uh you know to go down a route and if I can become successful as a blueprint for other people you know um yeah no no real one-off in the last 6 months this is um no real one-offs. So, I got the wrong one up. Have I have a look? Uh, there we go. H, there's no um only just come out. That's why. Look. So, no interactive data on it yet. Um, significant swing in tax benefit almost 40 million positively affecting operating cash flow. Um, receivables have been better collected, but payables have grown larger by 60 million. So, we can see that uh on the balance sheet it wasn't up. This is this might actually be the latest Q3 results. So, um I said sometimes the data is wrong annoyingly for this video. I haven't looked at it. The bloody data is wrong unfortunately or inaccurate. anyway, moving on. So, they say outstanding significantly increased collecting receivables 30% faster. So obviously that's positive for cash flow but day sales from payable so has also got better by 14 days. Um so that sounds positive but it more than doubled what it was 5 years ago. So that is in my working capital um thing here. So this is wrong at the moment because that data is not in it. But if you look here look 80 then it doubled to 160 and now we're 232. That's very positive for operating cash flow and it's it's it can be a sign of you know um mean I wouldn't you know you know I'm not saying they are manipulating it but if you're slowing down your payables and keeping your cash on the books longer it looks better um you know if you're if you're not paying them as fast it looks better and it's not something I'd like to see especially when you've gone from 84 73 days even down up to 232 it's not ideal um not ideal at all really. Um interest coverage has always been very good though due to the low debts. Like I said, no worries about finances. Um peer performance here. Um I did it against TTD cuz Amazon, unless you're going to go into Amazon's breakdown of their earnings and Google's breakdown of their earnings, which I wasn't willing to do for something that I didn't see too much upside in currently. I mean, I could be wrong when you look at where the price has been historically, but for me, I just don't want to pay that much for that sort of thing, you know? But um EV to sales is very low. Um book price tangible book. So yeah, I don't know. When you compare it to TTD though, look at the difference in gross margin. They're supposedly supposedly getting 80%, operating margins 13%, net income margin of 12, you know, close to 12%. That's a much better business than what Critio currently is. Um but then their simple free cash flow margin is is currently terrible and their EBIT margin is supposedly terrible. So, swings and roundabouts on that one. Um, so going forward to uh forecasting. Um, revenues apparently forecast to grow slightly, but I'm still going to use a smaller figure because I like to be conservative in my um analysis. I I agree with Joel Greenblat. If you put garbage in, you're going to get garbage out. And my opinion is that if I put conservative numbers in, then it still and it still seems cheap, then I'm probably on to something. And if I just take it at their word that something's going to happen and then it doesn't, that's when that's when you get hammered. That's when you see everyone, oh no, it didn't meet expectations and then the stocks plummet. And so I want to know that it looks cheap on as conservative valuations as I can do. So I I choose 100 I chose choose I chose 100 uh 1.85 billion um even though you know historically they've done around 2 billion and the historic free cash flow margins always been around about 4% which we shown earlier. So I'm happy to use in my forecast at least 80% of that because it is reasonably consistent. Um so that would give um 128 a share. So a multiple of 16 just under 17x. Now uh historically um the average has been around about 13. You can see here it's been it's been lower. I think I asked GPT what the industry average was and I believe it's around about 13. So 17x currently for me it's just not it's just not cheap enough um all forecasting figures that um I use so bry um which is here. So look I I forecast it into the future and then at a certain date I sell um the business for a multiple. So after five years I sell it for a multiple of 10 these cash flows and you add it to it. is from his Dando investor. Um, and up here is just a simple um, discounted cash flow. And I would add that to tangible book value. Um, but they're all coming out around 12 to, you know, 14 $13 JG EBIT multiples like 13.6. So the EBIT side of it I suppose is cheap but the market cap side of it um is still higher than what it is average like on this is on my future forecast right that's not what it is that's not me saying what it is now but on my forecasting compared to was what it was I don't believe that there's enough upside in this stock for me um buybacks could obviously increase that value materially to uh 1516 but to me it's still overvalued track GPT days 12 to 15 is likely the average multiple for the advertising business and TTD which is the comp uh is way above that at current forecast 17.6 six is overvalued compared to the average um watch GPT is saying it's average for the advertising industry. So for me currently um it is a pass. Uh but it's I've got it I've got it all here. I have put in the top I believe it's probably worth 13 to 14 should it get cheaper. I mean there's going to be a lot of people that say I'm I'm a and that's wrong but I'd rather be very conservative and not lose money than be overly optimistic and lose money, you know. Um, but the balance sheet's good. Um, it sounds like there could be a turnaround on the way, but time will tell. Um, and when you look at it historically where it's been, I suppose, you know, but to me technically as well, right, technically here, not that I'm technical analyst, but if you look at this, it sort of looks like it could come back down. you're testing the underside of this area here and like your next stop could be know 17 even down to 11. This is technically right. Don't I'm a fundamentals investor but I started learning I started my investing journey with technical analysis and um I don't know like this seems lofty for me $46. I mean it'd be lovely would it to have a double but when you're looking at this technically break through retest it could come lower you know um generally what happens look you can see that here break through retest the area goes higher breaks down through retest the area goes lower so you are we are currently in a retest area on this technically I said I fundamentals through and through but I do look at the technical side of it as well because I feel like that's a you know a psycholog you know shows the psychology of the market and obviously the price is doing this so this is what the masses must think you know what I'm saying probably not um but this area still historically has had a lot of um prevalence you know right the way back to 2017 2018 2019 stopped here at 2020 came down 2022 2022 2023 we're here again in 2025 five. So this area here is actually quite a prominent area and if this happens and and it retests it could go lower from a technical standpoint there. Not that not that I invest on technicals. I absolutely do not. But it is sort of lining up with my idea that it is overvalued and if that plays out then you know I guess there's something to the forecast and with technical analysis but yeah there we go. Um, critio. Going to leave that one there. Thank you very much for watching. I tried to keep this one shorter. Um, I don't know if I've actually succeeded. We will see when I put it all together and edit it all together. But that is what I looked at. Uh, that's what I found. I've got a couple more of us actually lined up. One I quite like next actually. Um, so maybe I will try and record that video now while nobody's in the house. But got a funny feeling I'll be joined again soon. So, we'll see. Um, I'll edit this one, get this one up, and uh I will see you on the next one. Thank you very much.
