---
ticker: CRTO
type: youtube
title: "Cryptocurrency Explained: 101 Beginner's Guide For 2025!!"
channel: "Coin Bureau"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2zG0Roj9Bc
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 19107
---

# Cryptocurrency Explained: 101 Beginner's Guide For 2025!!

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Coin Bureau
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2zG0Roj9Bc

## 转录全文

There are over 10 million cryptocurrencies and counting. And this can be overwhelming, especially if you're new to crypto and you're seeing coins and tokens rallying left, right, and center and wondering which ones to buy. Well, that's exactly why we created the Coin Bureau to educate people about crypto so that they can understand what's going on and make informed decisions based on objective, unbiased information. So whether you're new to crypto or a hardened veteran, today's video will help you understand what crypto is, how it works, and where you can find those 100x returns you keep hearing about. My name is Guy. Stay tuned. Okay, let's start with what crypto is, or rather what cryptocurrencies are. Contrary to what you may have heard, most cryptocurrencies are not currencies like US dollars or euros. Most cryptocurrencies are more similar to assets like stocks. Hence why most investors now refer to cryptocurrencies as digital assets. But what exactly are these digital assets? What do you get when you buy a cryptocurrency? Well, believe it or not, but it's the same thing you get when you buy a stock. Allow me to explain. Once upon a time, shares in a company were traded using physical notes. Each of these physical notes had a unique serial number. Obviously, these shares would come from the company that issued them. And this company would keep track of who had which share. And it would do this based on the unique serial number as well as the personal information of the person who purchased the shares. Note that I'm keeping things simple here. Now, in the modern day, most shares are traded digitally. In practical terms, this means that the physical shares are no longer being passed around between people. Instead, it's just the unique serial number being digitally assigned to different owners with the company keeping track of who owns which share. Now, as with modern-day shares, when you buy a cryptocurrency, what you're basically buying is the unique serial number without the physical share. There are a few key differences, though. The first is that there's no company that controls the issuance of cryptos. Their issuance is instead predetermined by computer code. The second difference is that there's no company which keeps track of who holds which cryptos. This is done by a decentralized network of computers which are incentivized by fees and newly issued cryptos to ensure that these ownership records are correct. These records are stored on a blockchain which is essentially a database shared by the computers connected to the network kind of like a shared hard drive. The third difference is that you do not need to provide personal information to use a cryptocurrency blockchain. In theory, anyone with an internet connection can purchase a crypto and hold it in their personal wallet, which is effectively like a stock trading account number without any personal details. In practice though, most people purchase their cryptos through exchanges which do collect personal details. More on that later, though. And speaking of which, if you don't have an exchange account, then we've got a treat for you. If you scan this QR code right here or look down in the description of this video, you'll be taken to the Coin Bureau deals page. Over there, we have exchange signup bonuses and trading fee discounts from some of the best exchanges in crypto. These are only available for a limited time and are exclusively for the viewers of this channel. So, be sure to check them out ASAP in the link below or this QR code. Okay. Now, the fourth difference is the most important, and that's that the supply of a cryptocurrency can't be manipulated, nor can cryptos be confiscated if you're holding them in your personal wallet. That is that's because the supply is programmatic and the blockchain that tracks its ownership can't be changed. What this means is that cryptos are the first category of digital assets that you can truly own and cannot be confiscated by any third party. By contrast, other digital assets like modern-day shares and even the digital money in your bank account technically do not belong to you and can be seized. Look it up if you don't believe me. So then to recap, cryptos are digital assets like stocks which are also digital these days. Like stocks, cryptos are unique serial numbers that can be traded between people. The difference is that the issuance of cryptos is programmatic and their ownership is tracked by shared databases that can't be changed. As I mentioned in the introduction, there are over 10 million cryptos and counting. In truth, the number of digital assets is probably well into the hundreds of millions, if not more. The catch is that there are different categories, and not all are created equal. So, at the highest level, there are two distinct categories, coins and tokens. Now, coins are the native digital assets of the blockchain they're on. Coins are used to pay for fees on their respective blockchains and are issued as rewards to the computers maintaining these blockchains. Crypto coins are difficult and expensive to build, which is why there are only a few dozen of them. As you might have guessed, the largest coin of all is BTC. BTC is a coin because it's used to pay for fees on the Bitcoin blockchain and is issued as a reward to the computers maintaining that blockchain. And if you want to know why this dynamic exists and how it works, watch our video about Bitcoin mining. The link is down below. Now, whereas coins are the native digital assets of the blockchains they're on, tokens are digital assets that exist on top of another blockchain. Whereas coins are used to pay fees and issued as rewards on these blockchains, tokens are often used in the applications that are built on top of a blockchain. One of the largest tokens is Ave, which exists on Ethereum as well as a few other blockchains. Ave is used in the Ave application, which makes it possible for people to lend and borrow crypto peer-to-peer. Now, whereas there are a few crypto coins, there are millions of tokens. That's simply because it's very easy and cheap to launch a token. The result is that most crypto tokens are objectively worthless. The few exceptions are those used in popular applications like Ave. However, this doesn't mean that worthless tokens won't pump. On the contrary, we've seen many instances where objectively worthless tokens have skyrocketed in value due to pure speculation. The caveat is that tokens which are objectively valuable will perform best over the long term. So, how can you tell which tokens have value and which ones don't? Well, the short answer is to look at the narrative. What is this crypto project claiming to offer? And does it look convincing? The fact of the matter is that most cryptos rally based on speculation around narratives. Over the years, we found that the crypto projects that experienced the highest returns were the ones that had the strongest narratives and that were the easiest for new investors to understand and invest in. Notably, this is true regardless of whether a crypto is a coin or a token. The narrative is what matters the most. Bitcoin is the perfect example here. Bitcoin's narrative is that its BTC coin is digital gold. This is a narrative that's easy for any investor to understand, whether they're a retail investor or an institution. The result is that BTC has become the largest crypto by market cap. In our view, that's not a coincidence. And by the way, if you like what you're hearing, smash that like button to let us know and subscribe to the channel and ping that notification bell to get more quality crypto content you'll love. So, to recap, there are two categories of cryptos: coins and tokens. There are a few dozen coins, but millions of tokens. Now, crypto blockchains are practically shared computers. Coins are like the electricity that makes these computers run, and tokens are like the applications on these computers. It's hard to make a computer, but easy to make an application. Most computers are valuable, but most applications are not. Now, as I mentioned in the previous section, the value of a coin or token is primarily determined by the strength of its narrative and the associated speculation, at least at this stage in crypto's evolution. Someday, a crypto's value will depend more on its fundamentals, like its users and revenue. For now, though, narratives are the name of the game. And if we want to be successful in crypto, we must play by those rules. Before we drill down into the narratives though, we need to work our way down the hierarchy of crypto taxonomy. Again, at the highest level, there are two categories, coins and tokens. At the mid level, we have crypto niches like for instance, DeFi, decentralized finance, competition to the traditional financial system. Social fi, social finance, competition to existing social media companies. and deepen decentralized physical infrastructure competition to existing physical infrastructure like telecom giants and at the lowest level we have narratives. So take Filecoin for instance. Now Filecoin provides decentralized data storage which puts it in the deepin niche. However, the narrative that most investors will use to understand and invest in Filecoin will be something along the lines of a decentralized Google Cloud. And this is where things get really interesting. You see, the crypto market tends to rotate between different niches. Early last year, memecoins were a big niche. Late last year, AI agents became the big niche. The interesting thing is that the cryptos in these niches that performed the best had the strongest narratives. In the case of memecoins, one of the largest ones is Pepe. Now, in retrospect, this is probably because the Pepe memecoin is apparently associated with figures like Donald Trump, who is very pro- crypto. In other words, the Pepe memecoin fell into a narrative that many new investors could understand. Similarly, in the case of AI agents, one of the largest ones is AIXBT. This is probably because AIXBT is an AI agent crypto influencer. Again, a narrative that many investors in crypto can understand. But why did the main niche become memecoins and why did it then shift to AI agents? Well, from our perspective, there were two reasons. The first was that the main participants in the crypto market last year were experienced retail investors and crypto whales. These are the main cohorts of investors that have the kind of experience to go all the way down the risk curve to find these cryptos. The second reason ties into the first, and that's that AI agents were conceptually similar to memecoins. The only real difference was that memecoins gave experienced crypto investors. The sense that AI agents were somehow more legit than memecoins when most were actually no different from memecoins. Most were just at best a chatbot with a memecoin attached. This underscores the importance of narratives in crypto investing and highlights the fact that the rotation between crypto niches and narratives depends on the types of investors that are involved in the market at a given time. Again, in 2024, this was primarily experienced crypto retail investors and crypto whales. As the bull market progresses, however, we're going to see new retail investors arrive to the crypto market who don't know how to use platforms like say virtuals protocol and pumpf fun. Meanwhile, changes to crypto regulations in the US and elsewhere will also make it easier for new institutional investors to get more involved. All of this means that the niches that are likely to become big in the coming months and the narratives in those niches are likely to be different from what we've seen over the last year. Now, it goes without saying that it's not easy to figure out which these will be, which is exactly why we created the Coin Bureau Club. Now, the Coin Bureau Club is where we share our research about the next crypto niches that could become big and investigate the cryptos from these niches that have the strongest narratives. We do this with the help of our members who also get to see our full crypto portfolios and the cryptos on our watch lists. So if you want to become a member of the Coin Bureau Club, then just check out the link in the description below. So to recap, at the highest level, there are two categories of cryptocurrency, coins and tokens. At the mid level, we have crypto niches like GameFi, DeFi, etc. At the lowest level, we have crypto narratives. Now, the crypto market rotates between niches. The niches the crypto market rotates to depends on the investors involved. And the cryptos with the strongest narratives in those niches pump the most. And this is where things get exciting because we can finally start looking for those 100x returns. Now, for starters, you should know that if you're reading or hearing about some hot crypto niche or narrative, then there's a high chance you're already too late. By the time it gets popular, most of the gains have already been made. To be clear, this doesn't mean that the cryptos that are popular aren't going to pump more. Depending on broader crypto market conditions, there's a good chance they could keep pumping, but again, most of the gains have already been made. So, if you're looking for life-changing returns, you probably won't find them there. As we've noted in our other videos, the secret to success in crypto is to ignore what's happening now and constantly ask yourself what comes next. As we've learned, this means trying to figure out which niches will be next to get big and identifying the cryptos with the strongest narratives in these next niches. How to look for these cryptos is surprisingly straightforward. Suppose you believe that GameFi, gaming finance competition to existing games and gaming studios, is going to be the next big crypto niche. All you need to do is find a list of Gamefy cryptos on a website like Coin Market Cap or Coin Gecko. Then go down that list and look at which ones have the strongest narratives. Chances are that you'll come across some that are competitors to popular gaming studios, others that are competitors to popular games, and even a few that are, to all intents and purposes, copies of popular games. Now, once you've got a list of a few promising looking cryptos, then take note of four things: the price tag, the market cap, the circulating supply, and which exchanges the crypto in question is listed on. Ideally, the price tag will be low, the market cap will be small, most of the supply will be in circulation, and the crypto will be listed on lots of exchanges. So, if it ticks every box, chances are that you found a possible candidate for a 100x crypto. That's because most crypto investors look at the price tag when trying to assess how big a crypto could get, when it's really the market cap that determines this. The smaller the market cap, the bigger the gains you could get. At the same time, you want to make sure that most of the supply is in circulation because if it's not, it typically means that insiders are still waiting to sell. And if you buy, chances are you'll be buying their bags. The exchange listing criteria, meanwhile, is also pretty logical. You want to make sure the crypto in question is accessible to lots of investors. So, as a rule of thumb, a market cap of under $100 million is a small market cap. 100 million to1 billion is a midsize market cap, and $1 billion plus is a large market cap. A smaller market cap means bigger potential gains, but also higher risks. So, if you're a conservative investor, then stick to the larger cap cryptos you found. If you are a high-risisk investor and you find a crypto that isn't listed on many exchanges, then don't worry. Most cryptos will list on more exchanges during a bull market if there's lots of trading volume. And if it has a strong narrative, then the chances are there will be lots of trading volume. And pro tip, check to see if any exchanges themselves invested in the cryptos you're interested in. If they have, then they will probably list those cryptos eventually. And I'll again remind you if you don't have an account on an exchange yet, then there are massive bonuses and trading fee discounts waiting for you on the Coin Bureau deals page. QR code right here or deals page below. So then to recap, you can use websites like Coin Market Cap and Coin Gecko to find the cryptos that fall under each niche. Then go down the list and find the cryptos with the strongest narratives. When you found a few, identify the ones with low price tags, small market caps, supply mostly in circulation, and lots of exchange listings. High returns are not guaranteed, but if all those boxes above are ticked, you're certainly off to a good start. All that's left then is to keep a few very important things in mind. The first is that when you keep a crypto on an exchange, it technically doesn't belong to you. Besides the fact that this creates a risk that your crypto could be frozen by the exchange for well whatever reason, you could also lose your crypto if the exchange goes under. That's why it's of paramount importance that you keep any crypto that you're not actively trading in your own personal wallet. And you can refer to our recent video about the top crypto wallets for 2025 if you're having a hard time deciding on which one to use. Be sure to send test transactions before sending the whole amount. The second important thing to keep in mind is that we could be approaching the final phase of this crypto bull market. That means there are going to be cryptos rallying left and right. The temptation to sell the cryptos you own to buy those that are rallying will be high, especially if yours are lagging. But if you truly believe that the niche your crypto belongs to is going to become big and that the narrative of the crypto itself is strong, then be patient and wait for your turn. If you're having doubts, just ask yourself, is this something my mom and dad would understand and buy? If yes, you're probably fine. The last if you miss the train on crypto, don't get discouraged. Historically, crypto follows a 4-year cycle. So, even if you think you missed this cycle, it's still a huge opportunity. You'll have almost 2 years to do your research looking into the different niches that could get big and the cryptos with the strongest narratives within them. And not only that, but you'll also have almost 2 years to accumulate these cryptos in peace without having to feel like you're going to miss the train again. And the best part is that we'll be here to continue giving you the objective, unbiased information that you need to understand what's going on and make informed decisions. So, if you appreciate that, then please do smash that like button and subscribe to the channel and ping that notification bell so you don't miss another thing. If you made it this far, thank you all so much for watching and I'll see you next time. This is Guy. Over and out.
