---
ticker: CRTO
type: youtube
title: "Michael Komasinski on Agentic Commerce: Why AI Is an Incremental Channel"
channel: "Criteo"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V8Y-SwoCPWg
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 6583
---

# Michael Komasinski on Agentic Commerce: Why AI Is an Incremental Channel

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Criteo
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V8Y-SwoCPWg

## 转录全文

So yeah, we've been on record talking about how we think that uh agentic commerce is really incremental, like it's an additional channel, not a replacement. Um and I think that comes back to a few sort of uh sort of key concepts. One, um traditional search has been fragmenting for years. So, it's already a trend that was happening where people were going to Reddit to search for answers um from peer-to-peer conversations, doing product search on Amazon or other retail sites. So, this has already been happening. Um and then it's the killer use case for these platforms, right? They're incredibly good at answering complex questions um that traditional search is just not a good fit for. Um and so it's really incremental and serving an unmet need. And here's a great statistic for you that I think sort of underpins it. Um, CRIO did a survey just in the last couple of months of a bunch of US consumers and 40% of them are using some kind of AI assistant to help with their holiday shopping. But 96% of those same consumers were also using traditional search, social, retail, etc. for those same customer journeys. And so it just the math sort of proves that that's an incremental um addition to how people shop and think about solving the problems and transactions that they need in their lives. &gt;&gt; Well, Michael, let's stay with this this idea of discovery and how search and commerce have really been reinventing each other. As as discovery spreads across more services, how should brands think about being findable in agentic journeys? What role does commerce data play there? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So um I think that's the the the first thing is that they need to understand that they need to be findable or discoverable and that that sort of is becoming a more fragmented ecosystem in and of itself. Right? It used to be traditional search could put your money into an AdWords campaign and you were guaranteed to show up where 95% of that activity took place. It's going to become much more distributed in the future. Um there will be sort of agentic promptbased discovery points all over the place, not just the big platforms, but in retail or other sort of digital consumer touch points that pop up. Um and it all will come back to data. So you have to have high quality metadata about your products, um the imagery, um is it up to date in terms of instock availability, is the pricing information correct? is the geography like availability location correct and all that requires like real-time feeds and um and there needs to be a high quality you know hosting of that. So it will come down to data quality that feeds that sort of fragmented ecosystem and that's how that will work. &gt;&gt; We're all thinking about the ways that democratization and the level playing field have really been a a key theme of of the AI transformation we're seeing. Um, I'm thinking of particularly uh retailer owned assistants which are been gaining traction for a while. Everyone seems to have one now. So with that with with that in mind, what do you think will separate the retailers who truly modernize their front ends from those that fall behind? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, look, I mean, I think uh that one sort of comes back to the premise of consumers will expect best-in-class experiences no matter where they are. So, if your best-in-class experience is ChatGpt because you like the intuitive, promptbased, discussionbased nature of it, you're going to expect that on retailer.com or even banking.com or any other place that you spend time. And so I think the retailers that'll succeed are the ones that embrace that as sort of the core proposition and make that sort of chat experience tightly coupled with merchandising, with loyalty, with checkout, fulfillment, um, and customer service and really like make that central. It is really no different than essentially reinventing that personal shopper that meets you in a great live physical experience. um they need to have that mindset I think and make it sort of the core digital version of that to to serve the shopping experience. &gt;&gt; The the chat experience to that shopping experience has been so fascinating. Um there is a debate though about how LLM platforms will monetize at scale. Why do you believe advertising will ultimately become the dominant model in agentic envir environments? &gt;&gt; Sure. Um the simplest answer is that it's the only one that'll be big enough to create the revenue models that are required. Um and if you just sort of do the math, um lower margin models like say affiliate where you might have a 5% take rate, you'd have to do two trillion of something GMV uh to generate a hundred billion dollar business. It's just not enough. It's just not enough. Um, and it's not really suitable either is the other thing. Like that type of model is just shareshifting profit and it's not growing the overall category. And so advertising um when done right grows the whole category, allows brands to buy their way into situations where they are relevant um and where their products provide utility to customers. Um, and that sort of commerce flywheel is what grows the overall category and ultimately that's going to be good for LLM platforms and the ecosystem that they cultivate around themselves. So advertising um I think sometimes is poorly understood in that regard and it it is a flywheel to growth when done properly, not uh something that's imposed on people as a tax on their experience. So, Michael, given all that's that's changing, all the upheaval surrounding aentic commerce, where do you see Critio playing the most critical role in enabling brands to be discovered, findable as you said, and and drive outcomes in these new environments? &gt;&gt; Yeah, so we are very focused on developing the the commerce intelligence layer um that essentially surfaces that high quality data that enables discoverability. I mean that's probably the simplest way to say it and the way we think about that is it sits alongside the other channels that we drive performance in right we're very focused on cross channel performance and that sort of discoverability in Agentic will be one of several um that our sort of product suite is built around um but uh it's an exciting space um I think um I think it's going to take off like at scale in 26 um at least in terms of consumer adoption right back to the 40% stat at the beginning here. um that stat will be much much higher when we meet a year from now. And uh hopefully CRIO is powering that discoverability for our merchants um at at scale with it.
