---
ticker: PLTR
type: podcast_transcript
title: "BI Weekend: Disney, Palantir Earnings, Musk Stock Award"
podcast: ""
date: 2025-08-08
audio_url: https://podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/tracking.swap.fm/track/UVBrz8bN8aM2Xe47PEPu/traffic.omny.fm/d/clips/e73c998e-6e60-432f-8610-ae210140c5b1/7f534b8c-9e91-429a-b102-ae3c00090c6d/d603102a-fe3b-48bb-86d9-b3330138a013/audio.mp3?utm_source=Podcast&in_playlist=0ad812bf-fd15-4012-a18c-ae3c00090c76
language: auto
chars: 40999
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# BI Weekend: Disney, Palantir Earnings, Musk Stock Award

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2025-08-08

---

## Transcript

This is Tom Keane inviting you to join us for the Bloomberg surveillance podcast. It's about making you smarter every business day. I' M Paul Sweeney. We bring you complete coverage of the us. Market open. We cover stocks, bonds, commodities, even crypto. All the information you need to excel. And I'm Alexis christopharus. Bloomberg surveillance also brings you the analysis behind the headlines. We do that through conversations with the smartest names and economics, finance, investment and international relations. We do all this live each and every weekday that bring you the best analysis in our daily podcast. Search for Bloomberg 's surveillance on apple, Spotify, YouTube or anywhere else you listen. On the east coast, listen at lunch. And on the west coast, listen as soon as you wake up. That's the Bloomberg surveillance. Dtom keen, Paul Sweeney, me opus wheryour podbloombersurveillance listening. And every business day, Bloomberg audio studios, podcasts, radio news. This is Bloomberg intelligence with Paul Sweeney. The real air performance has been the us corporate high yield. These are two big time blue chip company. One person's chaos is another person's animal spirits. Breaking market headlines and corporate news from across the globe, our view is that the economy is slowing down. There's the possibility of the depth spiral. Both quantum computing and AI are going to power the future. People are just buying everything with tech. Bloomberg intelligence with Paul sweet on Bloomberg radio, YouTube and Bloomberg originals. I' M Paul sweey and I'm Lisa Mateo filling in on Bloomberg intelligence. On today's Bloomberg intelligence show, we dig inside the big business stories impacting Wall Street in the global markets. Each and every week, we provide in depth research and data on some of the 2000 companies in 130 industries our analysts covered worldwide. Today, we'll look at why paler technologies reported its biggest ever quarterly sales growth since the company went public. Plus, we'll look at how the fast food chain McDonald's returned to sales growth last quarter. But first, we begin with earnings from the median entertainment giant Walt Disney. This week, Disney shares fell after the company gave a mixed earnings report in the third quarter. The results were they showed strength in Disney streaming and parks business, but the company gave a lukewarm outlook for profit this year. For more at guest host Isabel Lee and I rejoined by gither Rungan Athan, Bloomberg intelligence analysts on us media. We first ask gither what exactly concerns investors about Disney. You know expectations might have been you slightly high and the fact that they didn't necessarily give us any specific guidance for fiscal 2026. They did point to a raised guidance for eps growth for fiscal 2025, 18% now and sort of 16%, but they didn't necessarily give us anything specific for fiscal 2026 that could be a slight source of disappointment. They did say that they will stop disclosing Disney plus subscriber numbers, but again, this is not something totally unexpected. I mean, Netflix will stopped doing this. We're seeing this kind of move away from just subscriber numbers to a greater focus and profitability. I want to zero in on parks because I'm still scarred by how expensive it was when I visited a couple of years ago as an adult. But how sustainable is their strong park's performance given the divergent domestic and international performance? Very sustainable. Issabel. So, you know, we saw domestic parks, and I say that because, you know, domestic parks actually coming into this year, coming into this quarter, there were a lot of worries. One, of course, about the general macroeconomic environment. But the bigger source of worry was really the opening of epic universe, which is, you know universals, big Florida theme park attraction. But the fact that it had absolutely no impact at all, or very, very modest impact, if at all, is is really amazing. And it just kind of speaks to the resilience in Disney's business model. They reported, again, very, very strong per capita growth, you know in terms of food and beverages, in terms of concessions. So all of that doing really well. And the reason I'm so positive about this business going forward, first of all, it contributes about 55% to 60% of Disney's profits are really, really important to their top line, to their bottom line. Definitely, they have a lot of upcoming capacity. So the biggest source of expansion over the next few months is really gonna to be their cruise ships. They're launching two new cruise ships, their biggest ever actually, which is going to come on board in November and December. One of them set sail from Asia, and that basically takes the number of cruise ships to eight cruise ships, effectively kind of doubling their capacity in a span of just maybe two to three years. So that is going to really buyou know both top line and bottom line going into 20, 26. And then beyond that, you really have this huge 60 billion capital expansion plan that is really gonna to play out over the next five to ten years. So we're going to see a lot more attractions all over the world. We're going to see that new Abu Dhabi park come out. So there is really a lot of you know sustained momentum that we can expect at the parks going forward. It ith a talked to us about that deal they just made with the nfl. Seems like a really positive development for the company. Yeah, it's a really good I think from from a Disney, from an espn standpoint that they're so closely aligned now with the nfl. I mean, the nfl is absolutely the premium property, the gold standard, Paul. You know this well when it comes to you know sports properties and the in the us and the fact now that they're gonna to be able to use all of this content for their upcoming esp and streaming launch, I mean that that that itself just kind of gives gives it a tremendous boost, I think even before you know it comes on board. So it's it's it's great for the product. It's also great from a strategic standpoint because the nfl is obviously one of the most important sports properties and this really gives them access or it at least definitely gives them a little bit of an advantageous position compared to, let's say, an Amazon or a Netflix or an apple if they want to ever outbid you know the current media partners. So definitely, I think a strategically very, very sound d move on the part of Disney. So it seems like we had a good quarter runway for growth is really just long and wide. What downside risks remathen, especially around the macro uncertainty and tariff exposure do you see? Yeah, maybe a little bit of execution risk. Ks, so we still really don't know how this whole I mean, obviously, everybody is very excited for the espn product launch, but we still don't know how exactly that's going to play out. Again, a huge source of upside is going to be the streaming business. Everybody is expecting huge cost savings when it comes to the integration of Hulu and Disney plus. But again, execution is a little bit of a risk. And then you pointed out, you know, macro factors. Remember, Disney still obviously has huge exposure because of its parts. Ks business. And anytime we see kind of a slowdown in the economy, we do feel that in the parks as well. And of course, advertising also. So you know they do have a substantial exposure to advertising because of their tv networks business. So there again, we can see a little bit of of an impact. But overall, as it stands right now, the business seems to be in really good shape. All right. Here the problem trials are the broadcast networks in the cable networks. What, you know, just because of court cutting, they're just declining businesses. What's the company saying about what they're gonna to do with those businesses? They haven't said anything explicitly. Paso, a few years ago, you know, this idea was floated that maybe they kind of spin off abc, their broadcast network, maybe they spin off their linear cable channels. All of that, you know, noise has kind of quietened down. You know, Bob Eger basically said, no, no, no, we need these businesses. They're all kind of integral to the whole Disney story. So we haven't heard anything recently. That being said, just this whole deal with the nfl, the nfl kind of taking an equity stake, it almost seems like they are prepping for espn to kind of espn and maybe abc to kind of go solo. Remember, Bob Eiger only has a few more months left. So the end of 20, 26, he leaves Disney, or at least that's what he says. Yeah, we think and I really think he kind of wants to get this deal done so to separate espn because it's not really core to the rest of the Disney properties. But again, it's a little bit of a wait and watch, but nothing explicitly you know stated from Disney management about what they want to do with the linear piece of the business. So espn is getting a fresh spin with an August 21 launch. It will be $30a month for the new streaming up. What do you make of that price? You think people will pay up for it? Or is that steep? It's a high price point, there's no doubt about it. I think most people were kind of expecting somewhere in the $3 to $25 range. That said, what you know, we just ran a survey actually at bluomeric intelligence and what we found is that there's actually a lot of interest in this product. So we think that the update will be fairly strong. And the update, not so much as a standalone product, but when you bundle it with Disney plus and Hulu. So they are running a pretty attractive promotion. So for the first year, you can get Disney plus, Hulu and espn at a 30 lar, 30 price point, which seems like really good value. So I think we're gonna to see a lot of people come in initially through the bundles at least. Our thanks to getha rganath and Bloomberg intelligence analyst on us media. We move next to recent news from the beverage company Moson Coors. This week, the company lowered its full year guidance for the second quarter in a row. It cited continued pressure from a weak consumer, falling us market share and rising costs tied to aluminum tariffs. For more, Lisa and I rejoined by Ken Shea, Bloomberg Intelligence Senior consumer products analyst. We first ask Ken just how much aluminum tariffs have been impacting Mulson cores. It's material, you know, they describe it as an indirect cost, but it really spiked up there in the quarter, encroaching on their margin. I think though, the bigger picture though here is the continued weak sales, the lackluster sales we're seeing in the us beer market and alcoholic beverages in general. You know this is their peak summer selling season. This is when these companies should be thriving. And it looks like the summer selling season in the us for alcoholic beverages is going to be a dud. It's a cautious consumer. It's a particular pressures on the Hispanic demographic. It's. It was a lousy June in terms of the weather and key markets. And basically all the big brewers are setting up for a tough second a half. You know, these trends continue, you know, expect continued sluggish performance in the second half as well. So is this beer thing? Is it the kind of a global thing? I mean, I know you guys at Bloomberg intelligence, you get the data that shows consumption of everything out there. In the case of moand cores, Paul, Yeah, they have a big operation in Europe, Eastern Europe, many parts of western Europe, and that they had lower volumes as well. It was say, by higher prices to a degree. But you know, again, the big picture is that consumers are just not going out to the bars as much. On premise sales were particularly weak. That could be weather related, just another example. But also, I think it could be know, the culmination of a lot of price increases over the last few years. Maybe we've hit a point where there's some sticker shot going on here. And what about people dryou said, not going to the bar, but what about just drinking less alcohol in general? Well, that's a great point, Lisa. I think longer term, you have some secular headwinds as well. Things you've talked about in the past, you know the spread of legal cannabis, particularly here in the us. In the us, you also have these intoxicating hemp drinks, which are all the rage now in many markets. You have the glp one users are cutting back. Gen Z doesn't seem to embrace alcohol as much as their parents did. All those things are weighing on at longer term, but that combined with some near term pressures is really weighing on these companies. It's a disappointing discussion here. I mean, not thought we're gonna have funhere. I'll tell you. Here's the problem with all this White claw and sea breeze and I don't you know the iced tea and vodka, what's that all about? Is that a fed? It seems to have some legs there. Know the prere mix cocktails. Well, let me put it this way. Some of the things that did well in the quarter are things like bush light apple, you know, some flavor, you know, some of the hard teas are doing well. The premixes continue to do well. So I think what you could take away is maybe the consumer, while economizing, is also looking for flavor in different variety. And also the non alcoholic and low alcoholic segment continues to do well from a low base. So I think in the second half, I would expect a higher level of promotion and innovation along those themes. Low alcohol, a no alcohol flavor innovation that's going to be really popular I think, in a second half to spur volume. Hey, before you go, can you break down some of those macroeconomic headwinds that the company's facing? Sure. Well, the primary one is just you know consumer confidence. Consumers just feel they read the papers. All these the tariff uncertainties and the pressure on the Hispanics in particular, what's going on there? Those are the big things. And I don't think it's anything major, but it's just enough on the margin that these are purchases that can be deferred. And consumers, by and large, are, thanks to Kenge blueberg intelligence, senior consumer products analysts. Coming up, we'll look at earnings from one of the world's biggest producers of heavy machinery, caterpillar. Listening to Bloomberg intelligence on Bloomberg radio, providing in depth research and data on 2000 companies, 130 industries. You can access Bloomberg intelligence via bi. Go on the terminal. I'm Lisa Mateo, and I' M Paul Sweeney. This is Bloomberg. Hello. I'm Michelle Hussein. And for more than 20 years, I was at the bbc withbut. All the time I was delivering the headlines. I wanted to go further than the news of the day, to spend more time with the people shaping our world. And that's what I'm doing here on this podcast, speaking to people from Nigel farralove. You trying needs to be love, you tech journalist ka Swisher. And the tech industry is running wild. You know they've gotten what they wanted and they've seen a huge run up in their stock prices. This will be a place where every weekend you can count on one essential conversation to help make sense of the world. So please join me, listen and subscribe to the Michelle Hussein show from Bloomberg weekend. Wherever you get your podcast, ask interesting questions. You're listening to the Bloomberg intelligence podcast. Catch us live weekdays at 10:00a.m.eastern on apple CarPlay and Android Auto with the Bloomberg Business app. Listen on demand wherever you get your podcast or watch us live on YouTube. Swiney and I'm Lisa Mateo, filling in on Bloomberg intelligence move now to earnings some the software company palentier technologies. This week, palantier reported its biggest ever quarterly sales growth since the company went public, and palantier cited astonishing impact of an artificial intelligence technology on its business. For more, Lisa and I rejoined by Mandeep p, saying Bloomerg Intelligence Senior tech industry analyst. We first asked Mandeep ep if palentier should be considered a dominant software company of the future. I mean, clearly there is a lot baked into the valuation, but I want to focus on you know the net new era, which is a metric that software companies are measured on. And when you compare palantiers commercial segment revenue, which everyone is excited about, their total deal value that's remaining is around 2.8 billion. The new ar R increased by 500 million. Contrast that with a Microsoft or a Google Cloud. Microsoft added almost 9 billion in net new ar R this quarter. And they talked about you know AI being used across 100 million Microsoft Copilot users, 20 million GitHub Copilot users. So from that perspective, you know volunteers increase in remaining deal value of 500 million looks pretty small. I mean, palers overall revenue run rate is 4 billion. Microsoft clearly is you know a company that's almost 100 times or 80 times more bigger than palantihere. But it just goes to show that even on a net new ar R basis, Microsoft is adding more revenue per quarter than a palantiers. And still people are very excited about palantiers prospects. And to my mind, clearly, you know they have a product that is appealing to a certain section of enterprise users, but at this valuation, I mean, they can't sustain that for the next 30, 40 quarters, which is what they need to show to grow into the valuation. And I just don't see, from a product perspective, theyhave the same kind of appeal as a Microsoft Copilot or a Google Cloud or you know any of these large companies. Dumb questions a day. How do you guys value this thing? I mean, I got it like two, 300 times earning. So that's not the way to go. So we've seen that with you know new ipos. When they come to the market, they get a premium multiple. They get traded at you know 30, 40 times sales. Snowflake, which is a competitor to palent here when it went public, if traded at 60, 70 times sales, look at where the stock is now. It's flat. Since the ipo, even though the company has grown top line at 30, 35% kig, the stock is flat. So that's what I mean by growing into the valuation because there is so much embedded in that upfront multiple that even growing at 30% is not enough. Palenhere really needs to grow at 50% to be able to show any sort of stock return from this point on. Can I do that? No, I mean, that's why I said I compare the product. My initial comments were around comparing palantiers product versus other large enterprise software makers. And even you know you go down the list, sales for service, icnow, Adobe, like these are much bigger companies and they have compounded at 20% kig over the years because they had a seed base or a consumption based model. We don't even know what kind of a business model talent here has. Yes, it's winning government deals. Yes, it's winning some enterprise deals, but we don't know how they account for that revenue every quarter. Is it a seed base model is a consumption base. We don't have that kind of visibility to their business model. I in a counparty, I can tell you the Google story. I can tell you that Microsoft story. I have no idea what the palhere story is. Can you explain it to me? Like I'm a five year old. Yeah. So their software out of the box will help you make sense of your big data strategy. They really carved out a name for themselves when big data became the thing. When a company had a large amount of data, whether it's log data or some other type of reporting data, they would help you make sense of it because they have something proprietary that no one else has in terms of organizing that data and making it usable. So that's their value proposition. But with the AI wave and llms, they were able to integrate llm calls within their offering to develop a customer service or a supply chain use case that you can apply AI on top of their ontology, which is their core product. And a lot of other companies are doing the same. To my mind, Microsoft is doing the same for their customers. They're trying to embed OpenAI with their core offerings, with their crm system and help them deploy a customer service use case. So the differentiation of palhere versus Microsoft, to my mind, is not that big as the valuation reflects. And that's where unbetting, they're not going to grow 40, 50% for the next twelve to 20 quarters, which is what the valuation is impying. Now how would you compare what they do as far as a government contractor versus the commercial site like which is doing better for them? Yeah. So they have a much higher exposure to government side. I mean, government side is still more than 50% of their revenue. And all these large enterprise software companies, they have ten to 15% government exposure. So palers government exposure is way too large compared to other software makers. And on top of that, their international sales seem to be declining, at least, you know, on the commercial side, because of the polarizing views of the management. So if they were more balanced, probably they would win more international business. But right now, this is a us centric story, and that's where I think it sort of puts a dent to the growth rate down the line once they run out of the deals that they currently have signed. Our thanks to mandisaying bluomerg, Intelligence Senior tech industry analyst. We look next at earnings from one of the world's biggest producers of heavy machinery, caterpillar. This week, the company posted quarterly earnings that missed analyst expectations. Caterpillar also said it now expects full year adjusted operating profit to fall in the bottom of its annual target range, even with higher annual sales. And the company said it expects to face net incremental tariffs on 1.3 to $1.5 billion this year. For more, Lisa and I were joined by Chris chiollino, Bloomerg intelligence, senior us machinery analyst. We first asked Chris to discuss his takeaways from caterpillars earnings. The print was a little weak. It came in a little below expectations. The big takeaway here is that underlying demand is still pretty darn resilient. You had backlog up sequentially again this quarter, which set another record. You had improving order trends across all three of their main businesses. Dealer inventories still remain quite low, and the company actually raised their sales guidance for the year. So that seems to suggest to us that underlying demand is still intact despite all these tariff headwinds. And now how do their results kind of match up to some of their peers? I think believe there's tererics Lindsay who already opened their books. How does caterpillar match up? Yeah. I'd characterize the overall earning season for us machinery as kind of mixed. If you think about really construction peers, which is kind of more of caterpilllar's sweet spot, that's a market that's kind of bouncing along the bottom here. We do have infrastructure projects and these large mega projects, which are helping to offset some of the weakness that you're seeing on the private non residential side, things that are more interest rate sensitive. But know you're starting to see some positive indicators that would lead us to believe that you're gon to start to see a cyclical recovery emerge in 20, 26. There's a number of leading indicators out there that would support that. And I think really caterpilllar's results here with orders being up in the construction business, with the backlog being up, really kind of reinforced that view. Where does caterpillar make their big trucks and stuff like that everywhere, right? They're a global company. They've got a large footprint that spans you know every continent in you know most countries. But if you think about it, at the end of the day, it's North America, right? It's more than half of their revenues. Europe is called it 20% ish. Asia Pacific a little bit below that. And then Latin America is kind of closer to 10%. They are a net exporter out of the us. But as we saw, tariffs probably going to be a little bit more of a headwind than they had initially anticipated. They're looking for somewhere between a 1.3 to dolone point $5 billion hit for this year. So Chris, you kind of touched upon this. Sales slipped in construction resource industries, but energy and transportation unit that had some higher sales. What is that that driving force behind the growth in engines and transportation? So this continues to be one of really the big highlights for caterpillar, you know despite some of the cyclical softness that they're seeing is the energy and transportation business, particularly in power generation. So think you know data centers that are becoming an increasingly larger part of the portfolio. Power gen continues to drive outsized growth within the energy and transportation business. There's a multiti year backlog there. So we have tremendous visibility. And what caterpillar is doing now is really expanding capacity to help meet this growing demand for data centers and power generation. So there's a long secular tailwind ds at play here. And really, you know we think we have a pretty good visibility here over the back half of the decade. Is caterpillar in companies like caterpillar? Are they benefiting or do you expect them to benefit from maybe onshoring even more manufacturing in this country to the extent that President Trump wants to do that? And he's been talking about that a lot. Is that something where Kat will see it? Yeah. I mean, I would say we haven't really heard of you know I would say concrete or tangible evidence of that happening yet. And it's really difficult to you know get a lens on that on a quarter to quarter. I think you know we look back maybe over a five year window, maybe we'll have a better picture of that. But yet no doubt, caterpillar is a big beneficiary of any kind of construction activity here domestically. And then on top of not only just moving the dirt and building the facilities, they also, like I mentioned, having have a bigger piece of the data center and power generation needs within our country as well. So it's really kind of twofold, not only with moving the dirt and the facilities, but also. Longer term, we think the secular tailwinds around power generation are pretty favorable. Hey, Chris, before you go, we have like about a minute or so left. People usually say, this is like the bellwefor, a look at the economy. Is this company going to continue to deat that spot and to hold that title? I don't see anything changing in the near term here. They are the largest global manufacturer of heavy machinery. They have the scale, the dealer network, and really, there's not too many competitors that are that close to them. So they are the leading indicator for the heavy machinery markets and construction activity, and I don't foresee that changing anytime soon. Our thanks to Christopher chiollino, Bloomberg Intelligence Senior us machinery analyst. Coming up, we'll look at why the ev giant Tesla approved a $30 billion stock award for its CEO, Elon Musk. You're listening to Bloomberg intelligence on Bloomberg radio, providing in depth research and data on 2000 companies in 130 industries. You can access Bloomberg intelligence via bi. Go on the terminal. I'm Lisa Mateo and I' M Paul Sweeney. This is Bloomberg. The news doesn't stop on the weekends. Context changes constantly. And now Bloomberg is the place to stay on top of it all. Hi, I'm David ga. Join us every Saturday and Sunday for the new Bloomberg. This weekend, I'm Christina rifini will bring you the latest headlines in death, th analysis and big interviews, all the stories that hit home on your days off. And I'm Lisa Mateo. Watch and listen to Bloomberg this weekend for thoughtful, enlightening conversations about business, lifestyle, people and culture. On Saturday mornings, we put the past week's events into context, examining what happened in the markets and the world. That on Sundays we speak with journalists, columnists and key political figures to prepare you for the week ahead. Join us as soon as you wake up and bring us with you wherever your weekend plans take you. Watch us on Bloomberg Television, listen on Bloomberg radio, stream the show live on the Bloomberg Business app, or listen to the podcast that's Bloomberg this weekend, Saturdays and Sundays starting at 7:00a.m.eastern, make us part of your weekend routine on Bloomberg Television, radio and wherever you get your podcasts. You're listening to the Bloomberg intelligence podcast. Catch us live weekdays at 10:00a.m.eastern on apple CarPlay and Android Auto with the Bloomberg Business app. Listen on demand wherever you get your podcast or watch us live on YouTube on Paul sweeey. And I'm Lisa Mateo, filling in on Bloomberg intelligence. Remove now to second quarter earnings from the fast food giant McDonald's. This week, McDonald's reported their global sales at restaurants open at least 13 months rose 38 last quarter. This suggests that pop culture focused collaborations and budget meals are helping to offset dinereconomic anxiety. For more guest host Isabel Lee and I rejoined by Michael Halen, Bloomberg Intelligence Senior restaurant and food service analyst. We first ask Mike if returning to sales growth feels like a win for McDonald's. It's definitely a win for, you know, overall industry seamstore sales because it's such a monster. It also could be bad news for some of their competitors with 14000 stores in the United States. Listen, man, they know how to run run good restaurants right right now in the us, they're starting to lap some easier comparisons and you know that's showing up in, you know, that's helping their results. They're also, you know, doing a good job with you know, the menu, right? They're bringing back snack wraps. They're bringing back them a crispy strip. They just debuted a daily double. They've been pressing on value all year. That was a big thing since the first quarter. And so you know McDonald's has the scale that they can you know offer products a little bit cheaper than their peers and and still and franchisees can still make a little bit of money off of it, right? So you know they seem to really be hitting their stride and they're lapping easy comps in the second half of the year. So you know we're looking at a pretty good second half for McDonald's and international markets. Led the company's growth, what regions of the world did they really push aggressively towards? Yeah, they mentioned some really good strength in Germany. They they talked about some improvement in some markets that had been struggling like France and Australia. And so you know what they're doing overseas is similar to the us playbook, right? But they're probably ahead of the game ahead of the us in terms of providing everyday value. Their value messaging has been on point and it's really helped them grow internationally. And that's why we've seen international grow faster than the us for the last year or so. They also cited the fact that there's less competition overseas. So they're really you know a pricing leader overseas. You know they can the same type of thing in the us where they can offer price points that competitors just can't match. And then they're also improving the operations, improving the quality of the product, which has been an ongoing theme here. They're improving the quality of the beef, better burgers, the way they cook the burgers their day, bewing the big arch, which is a big bigger sized burger in their lineup. They're also expanding chicken overseas. So this company is humming along right now. What does the company say? Like when I think about McDonald's, I think a lot of folks probably feel like the low end, low income consumers, probably it's it's bread and butter there and maybe that consumers and more at risk in this economic environment. What's the company saying about low income patrons? Yeah. You know what I like about this call call is that you know they're talking about what they can control. You know they cited the fact that low income consumer traffic is down double digits, right, versus a small gain for middle income consumers and steady consistent gains with high income consumers. So they are seeing you know weakness with low income consumers like everyone else. That's why they push so hard on value. That's why they have these doldollar five meals and buy one, get $1, $1 and why they put marketing dollars behind that. That's part of the beauty of the snack wraps. They're coming back at a 200 and and 99 cenprice point. We think that's going to bring some low income consumers back into the fold, right? So they understand that people are very price sensitive right now and you know they're addressing it with the price points, but they're also trying to give people better quality and better service. At the same time, they also plan to taste new beverages. This includes cold coffees and craft and sodas at more than 500 us locations. How much of a pull ll are beverages when it comes to McDonald's offerings? Or is food really still king? Food is still king. But listen, beverages are hot. Beverages are hot everywhere, right? Dirty is energy and very high margin, right? And so we think this is a very good opportunity for McDonald's. I think this is kind of a problem for sonic, which has has long done a really good job with their drink offering. But Yeah, we think this is is something that can help drive sales at McDonald's taco bells. This is something taco bells expanding as well. But we think this is going to be more of a 2026 story for McDonald's. For McDonald's. My, what percentage of the revenue comes from owned and operated stores versus franchise stores? Oh, they're 98% franchiised. So they're Yeah they're heavily franchised. And you know it's a beautiful model, man. There's not a lot of operating leverage in the model. They generate a ton of cash that they return to shareholders. It really is a beautiful thing. So what's the royalty rate on? There's a franchisee paid McDonald's based upon revenue, based upon net income, based upon how many Big Macs they sell. E, how does that work? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. McDonald's is a little bit unique. They have a five ish percent royalty rate, plus they own a lot of the real estate. So a lot of franchisees in the United States are paying a rent, which is typically you know ten inch percent of sales, we'll say, and then theypay another three and a half to 4% into the ad phone. I didn't know that until I saw the movie. And then that famous scene, Yeah, you know you're not in the hamburger business. You're in the real estate business. And that was such a great scene. Learned a lot there. All right. I can't let you go without cracker Boand. I need my daily update country boy breakfast. How's that company doing? Listen, we're we're big fans of new CEO Julie Messino. That stock's been bit of a roller coaster. Not a surprise since it's a small cap. It rose more than 100% off it's April lows. Now it's in the midst of a pretty aggressive downturn. But you know we like it. We like Julie's plans to improve the operations, to spend more and be more efficient with their marketing spend. We think this is a chain that hadn't been taken care of. It hadn't been run really well for the last decade. And so we see a lot of low hanging fruit for the current management team to turn things around and really drive strong seam store sales through year end 2025 and well into 2026. Our thanks to Michael Halen, Bloomberg Intelligence Senior restaurant and food service analyst. We move next to news at the ev giant Tesla. This week, we heard that Tesla approved an interim stock award worth about $30 billion for chief executive officer Elon Musk to keep his attention on the automaker. The award includes 96 million shares of the automaker that will vest if musk continues to serve in the top post for another two years. For more, guest host s Norma, Linda and I rejoined by Steve manlomberg. Intelligence, global autos and industrials research channels. First, ask Steve what he makes of this stock award. I think it's very positive news for Tesla because you know they are going through a pivot right now, not only an automaker, but they're very focused on AI. But if you look at Elon Musk, you know he's Tesla is not his only business, right? He's got x AI, his AI company which owns the former Twitter, and he also has SpaceX neural link. I think they're all related in some ways to AI. And I think you know without you know muss and Tesla, I think you know there's going to be a lot of risk to that vision for Tesla without him there. See, if you mentioned that there are a lot of different things that are vying for musk's attention. Of course, we do know that he was really politically involved. And then we thought kind of pullback. And then he mentioned his intention for creating the America party. So clearly, he still remains in these conversations here. But what are investors looking for right now from him? And does it seem as though his attention is devoted as much as it should be to Tesla? Yeah, I think fortunately for now, his attention is very much devoted to Tesla. He said that at the second quarter earnings call. I think you know his presence is is important because you know you know right now the compis going through a changeover ver in terms of the direction, the strategy cars has been very important. It continues to be important to drive that AI theme. But without muthere, I think the company will have to won't able to find the next person really to drive the company through the next step in expanding robotaxi, expanding their optimist robot offering in the future. Do we care about how many cars they make and whether they make any money in the old car business state? We do. And a lot of people think that you know it's it's a full pivot towards AI. But I think making cars and developing that AI software goes hand in hand. It's almost like apple and its ecosystem. I mean, there are opportunities for Tesla to actually license the fsd, the full self driving software out. But I think in the meantime, it's not something he's looking to do. I think he wants to build out robotaxi internally and actually drive revenue and profits. He does see huge profits from the robotaxand, from the fsd software. If you look at other software companies, margins are high, double digits on the software for any software. But then know with his fst d software, the car is in an integrated component to it. It's very important to that. He continues to make cars not only for cash, but for really marketing that software that he has. Steve, a lot pressuring Tesla over the last few months. I mean, we're looking at a stock. It's the worst performing stock within all the mag seven stocks that there are right now. Explain to me right now what the latest overhangs are right now for the company. Well, I think one big overhang that's to remove this, it is his pay package. There is a lot of fear in terms of him potentially being kicked out of Tesla. But I think the biggest overhang right now are where investors are more focused on is the expansion of robotaxi. He launched it back in June in Austin. He's launching it in the San Francisco Bay area, and he's also thinking about launching it in Nevada. And from the looks of it, it's going quite well. I mean, there are some hiccups here and there with this complex engineering system that he's putting in place for cars. It's normal. It's normal. So but you know, safety is still his priority and he's going to going at it at a measured pace, but it seems like he's expanding it relatively fast. You know the area a of coverage is much bigger than initially was back in Austin back in June, and we're seeing something similar in San Francisco. So investors are really focused on when robotaxi will start contributing to the bottom line. And we think that probably more likely in 2:27. Our thanks to Steve man, Bloomberg intelligence, global autos and industrials research analysts. This is the Bloomberg intelligence podcast available on apple, Spotify and anywhere else. You get your podcasts. Listen live each weekday, 10:00a.m.to noeastern on Bloomberg dot com, the iharradio app, tune in and the Bloomberg Business app. You can also watch us live every weekday on YouTube and always on the Bloomberg terminal. I'm Franci lqua, an award winning journalist, and I've got a new podcast, leaders with Francine lqua from Bloomberg podcasts. I've interviewed everyone from heads eststate to fashion icons about the news of the moment. But I've always been curious, who are these people as leaders? I don't think there's one right way to be a leader, make decisions. A poor decision is always better than no decision. Listen to new episodes every other Monday. Follow leaders with Francine lqua wherever you get your podcasts.
