---
ticker: PLTR
type: podcast_transcript
title: "Palantir Earnings: Will Defense Deals, AI Monetization Deliver?"
podcast: ""
date: 2025-05-02
audio_url: https://traffic.megaphone.fm/WSJ5610298875.mp3?updated=1746128555
language: auto
chars: 31602
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# Palantir Earnings: Will Defense Deals, AI Monetization Deliver?

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2025-05-02

---

## Transcript

Hey, this is Jessica Mendoza, host of the Journal podcast, our show about money, business and power. If you're looking for more deeply reported stories like we share every day, consider becoming a subscriber to the wall Street Journal. Visit subscribe. Wsj. Com. Slash the Journal all lowercase to subscribe now. Hey, everyone, and welcome to our earnings cheat sheet for Friday, may second. It's Alexis Garcia and ed Carson here, and we'll be taking a look at some key upcoming earnings reports to help you prepare for the week ahead. So ed, we had a lot of big earnings that the market is digesting, but many more to come. So what's on your radar for this week? Yeah, I wanna take a look at palaner technologies, Uber and DoorDash. All right. Well, let's start with Palantir, which is scheduled to release Q1 earnings on Monday, may fifth. Earnings for the data defense firm are expected to rise 62.5% to $0.13 per share, and revenue is seen climbing 36% to $862 million. And here's why we're watching palantier. We'll be looking for management commentary on federal and defense spending. We'll also be watching to see if there's any updates on reports of iror immigration projects and deals, and we'll also be paying attention to the status of commercial AI monetization. So ed, I think the commercial business aspect t's going to really be in focus for palenhere this earnings. There's been a concern for palantier stock about possible department of defense budget cuts and some of their exposure to us army contracts. But when you hear CEO Alex carp doabout it, it's kind of like bring it on. He's saying you know line tests everything. And he seems to think that this could be a good thing for the company and that they're well positioned for this. So what's on your radar with Palantir? Yeah. I mean, that's certainly palantiis very optimistic. And it does seem like the fears of defense cuts have faded a little bit. And it could be that some of the chaos with but happens with the cuts could actually make it easier for and data analytics firm AI step in and help with the void. But look, this has been growing very well. This was the top performing stock in the S&P 500 last year. I think it's leading again this year. So a lot of strength. The revenue growth has been accelerating. That might slow. Finally, this time, the comparisons are going to get tougher. But this has been doing very, very well. And there's been a lot of good reports. There's been a lot of deals. One reason why this stock has been doing lately is because they seem to have new deals, the new news. It's so it's not just hope revives. There's real things that are happening that have really been positive for paranr. And I think one of those recent deals was with nato. But as you mentioned, best performing stock in the S&P 500 last year. This year's shares are up nearly 52%, but we're on the daily here at palantier building the right side of that cut base with a 100 2541 buy point inching closer as earnings approach. So how are you handling this stock before Monday? Well, I've been handling it badly because I didn't buy it. That was my problem. But it's it look, it's the buy point in my view. Is that 9000 8:17 because it was a double bottom. I know it doesn't look like it, but that actually was that the middle of that base was above. So that would work there. You could also see it as a cup base, but that that 9817 or that little sort of quasi handle that was formed right by it. I mean, so right there now, it's sort of a no man's lader. It's clearly extended from that 90000 8:17, and it's not at the cup base by point. I think the concern would be is if it broke out after sort of running up, it's really, I mean, it's doubled almost or almost doubled from the low from just less than a month ago. That's a huge run. So if it gaps up to, say, 130, that would feel a little extended. So itbe great if it could form a handle. It's not gonna to happen before earnings clearly, but or at least if it paused somewhere, but it's been acting extremely well. Anybody audit at 9817 could certainly be holding it because they is pretty good cushion here. So a lot to like. I don't see a place for it for a new buy. You could buy it if it breaks out through 125, but that would also be there would also be some added risk to that as well. What about any option strategies for this one? Yeah, I mean, that's always a way to play earnings ahead of time. That's one way. It's gonna to be expensive because the expected move is gonna to be pretty high. I mean, that's the problem when you have these stocks that have high daily moves, I mean, this one could move. You can see the gap ups and they've been strong. There have been some big gap ups. On the other hand, people's expectations might be very high if this one disappoints in anyway. You could see a 20, 25% drop. Not does anybody expect that. Nobody dy's expecting that. But that means that if something bad happens, we've seen some pretty amazing drops on some stocks you know among amid all the strong earnings that we've seen in the last couple of weeks. And I'm just switching over to the weekly ed, and you can see since mid 20, 23, this stock has just been on a tear. That rs rating blue dot highest level as the base is forming here. But as you mentioned, we have really strong eps growth. Those comparisons will get tougher. We see the sales growth over here in the mid s to the thirties. Really solid numbers for palent here. So any other thoughts here with the fundamentals? Yeah, I'd be great if you could have another quarter of accelerating growth on the revenue side on and maybe ithappen just to see that news. But those really strong growth, I think people are expecting it, they're hoping for it, and it's been delivering that growth. So just want na see more of that and continue to do well. All right, well, let's move on and take a look at DoorDash, which is scheduled to report Q1 earnings on Wednesday, may seventh. Earnings are expected to total out to $0.39 per share versus a loss of $0.06 the previous year. And revenue is projected to climb 23% to $10.72 billion. And here's why we're watching. DoorDash will be paying attention to gross bookings in that earnings call. And ed a. DoorDash had a great 2024. Analysts expect more gains this year just based on growing in international markets and expansion beyond food delivery. And speaking of moving into more international markets, news came out this last week that Gordash made an offer to buy a British food delivery service called deliveroso. What are your thoughts on DoorDash heading into earnings next week? Well, first, let me disclose. I do have a position in DoorDash and we can go over that later, but I all have a decision to make, but this is doing very well. I mean, look, the stock in the company in 20, 24 shifted at least on an adjusted basis towards profitability. And what's nice is that, yes, there's dealer. This isn't a software company where the margins are like 100%, but still, there's can be pretty strong margins. And you can see that tremendous growth when a company turns into profitability. I mean, just it's pretty easy to go from a penny to $0.05 and have this enormous growth. I mean, those kind of analogies. And so while it's richly valued, there should be tremendous growth, at least in the short run. Again, people are expecting that. But a lot to like about this name. And in terms of the growth, you know if Gen Z can' T Cook, they've got to get food somewhere. They can't drive, they can' T Cook, they're going to have to order in. And that I know a lot of other folks that use this. It's becoming just one of those one time luxuries. It's sort of like Starbucks and other things is like these luxuries that you want. I'm not gonna to pay $5 for a cup of coffee. And now of course, you're off pay dollar bucks or a cup of coffee. People are willing to pay those delivery fees. And it's doing very well. Well, I think certainly I think people like to have a little treat every now and then, ed, but we're on the daily here. We can see it's any double bottom base with a two zero, one zero three buy point. But talk to me about this chart here because this potentially could be actionable when earnings come up. So how are you handling this one? Yeah, I bought this as it moved above the 50 day line, sort of there was a downward sloping trend line from the top of the base. So I sort of got in there so don't have much of a cushion. So I'm gonna have to figure things out, but it feels like it's in between things. I mean, you could buy it now, but with earnings coming up, it just you know there's not that that makes it tough. But one thing is that the volume has not been very strong on this latest move. You know the last few days, it's sort of like not really seeing power that that's not great. The relative strength line is basically at highs. You know, it's not quite a blue dot. It might be on a weekly, but which would suggest a new high within that. It looks like it's just shy, but it's very close. So that's been acting well. So that's the thing it needs to get. I think for now at this point, yoube looking at getting above that double bottom by point. And just for their personally, I'm going have to make a decision about where or not I want na sell some of my position or if not all of it because it just isn't much of a cushion right now. So but that's something I have to do it like because again, we've seen things that could go great. It could go great, but it could also be a big, big mess in that you can't protect yourself from. One thing is that again, because that low volume, even though we've had several weeks of gains, the updown volume is a 0.7. So that's not particularly strong. You want to see it above one. The accumulation distribution rating is a little better b minus. So there is some things out there. And if you look, there are a lot of institutional owners on this one. If you go to the related information panel, owners and funds, you can see a lot of ibd mutual funds that have gone into it. And just there's been more funds in there. If you sclike if you look at those down below, a lot of lot of funds in there. And what's that is interesting at departure from palenter, palenter has a lot of funds in it, but none of the ibd mutual funds. That is one. One mark is that it's been this tremendous stock, but maybe for whatever reason, you know some of the typical ibd mutual funds haven't gotten into it. But this is acting well. We'll have to see. Earnings are coming. Yeah. And I think that's probably why Alex carp always gives a shout out to the retail investors on his earnings call. But just quickly looking at the fundamentals here, ed, as you talked about, you see this tremendous growth, but of course, that's compared to when you had losses. So really looks impressive. But as you mentioned, easy to look really good when it's versus a loss the previous year. Anything else jumping out to you on the DoorDash chart? Yeah. And this this points out that basically we've had one quarter of earnings is what it really comes down to. So it turned the whole year profitable, at least on the other measure, but it's just turning around. So have to see there obviously, expectations high. This has gone on a tremendous run. Can I continue to go on a run? I will see. And again, just really strong sales numbers as well in that mid 20 range, which we like to see. But all right, let's move on to Uber, which reports earnings on Wednesday, may seventh. The rishare company is expected to see Q1 earnings come in at $0.51 per share versus a loss of $0.32 the previous year. And analysts expect revenue to climb 15% to $11.63 billion. And here's why we're watching Uber like DoorDash. Gross bookings will be key, and we'll also want to see more information on Uber's self driving partnerships. So ed, I think for investors that have been following uberstock, it's taking them through a lot of ups and downs since it went public in 2019. It's still not completely profitable and on an annual basis, but there's a lot of growing confidence in some of these autonomous driving partnerships that we've seen being announced. So what are your thoughts with Uber? Yeah. I mean, it's interesting company. And you also have to keep in mind what does Tesla's say? Because part of some of Uber's ups and downs have been on hopes or disappointment about Tesla. So that is something that could be a wild card. Everything's going fine. And then Uber could fall 10% because you know people feel like that's having, Yeah some of the stuff is is where one reason why it's gonna to drop, I think, the earnings this year, I think, because I think they include investment gains and some other stuff. So it gets a little there's some other stuff in those earnings numbers, which makes it tougher to see in there. But I think tstill feel pretty good about the company self driving partnerships that recently announced a self driving partnership with vw. I don't know what vw has. I mean, vw and Ford had been working on something called Argo, and they dropped because it was good, but just not they did feel it wasn't good enough. Meanwhile, they have businesses with weo. Weymo is working with Uber in some cities, but not others, which is one thing that raises concerns. But if you feel like I think a lot of people think that as long as you have a bunch of robotaxi operators, that there's a place for Uber because an Uber might work as an aggregator out. I think the concern is that if it's just Tesla or just weymo, that theyjust go alone and say, you know, we'll just handle it. We don't need your app. We'll just because everybody will know it. So that's an issue there. And so it feels like there may be mold here that so but again, a lot of ups and downs and a lot of there's a lot of things where like, Oh Yeah, there's this tremendous future for other and others will say, no, there's no future for Uber. So that's one reason why I you seen these swings because it's not just a matter of, Oh, I think Uber will go up 20%. Oh, I think Uber will go down 20%. It's almost like there's just this real dichotomy between the bulls and bears on Uber, sort of like Tesla in that regard. And Edward, on the daily chart here, and you mentioned those swings, we can certainly see it in the chart action here. This one, pattern recognition sets consolidation with an 87 by point. But I think leader board was kind of looking at this is maybe a potential double bottom base with that seven, 7:58 buy point as an aggressive entry. It's certainly gone above that ahead of earnings. So what are your thoughts here with the technical action? I agree with that. And I think the 8000 2:10 is also something because it also goes to the left hand side of you. Look, there was a prior base. You know the only reason a gap out of that base is because there was initially negative vibes out of the Tesla robotaxi event, but then it switched around. So but generally, there's a long consolidation that it could be sort of getting out of getting above 82. But Yeah, the technical question, that's the problem, is that itbe nice if it's settled down. Itbe great if it could just sort of paused here. I mean, if you bought at 7758, you want to keep on going so you get a good enough cushion. But for others, you might just want to see if it can pause here around the 82 level and then move on earnings. And I don't know if that's gonna to happen. Obviously, a lot of things going on with the market. So that's one issue is that the it's pretty volatile and that's just something that you know you can see some big moves up and down. That's something I don't really like about this stock. Whereas Palantir and DoorDash seem a little tighter, this one seems really, really wide and loose at times. Doesn't mean it can't go on a big run and on a weekly. The relative strength line hasn't been particularly good. It's been good in the last several months, but it's there's been some up and downs. It's still got some ways to go to get above the highs from like a year or so ago. But and so but the revenue growth has still been pretty solid. That might slow down a little bit. Again, the earnings are going to be a little bit screwy, I think because of investment gain comparisons. The underlying business, I think, is still doing fine. So people look at a bitand other things, and that's why the gross booking, so how much demand is really out there, getting a sense of hi, this is Alex osula, host of the wsj's wenews podcast. We bring you the biggest news of the day from business and finance to global and political developments that move markets. If you're looking for more insights and tools to understand the latest headlines, consider becoming a subscriber to the wall Street Journal. Visit subscribe dot wsj dot com slash. What's news to subscribe now? Thanks. All right, Edward. Those were some of the top names on our radar. But of course, there's always more to look at. We had Amazon earnings this week, but we also have the Amazon of South America, Mercado libre reporting next week on may eighth. So let's go ahead and take a look on that chart. I'll switch back to the daily here, this one breaking out of a double bottom base just hovering at the top of that buy zone. But what are your thoughts here with the chart? Yeah, this one's volatile. The earnings are volatile. The stock is really volatile. The one positive is that micaa libre being Brazil. Brazil isn't as affected by terrariffs as a lot of other countries, and the country seems to be doing reasonably well. But this e -commerce and payments giant is looking. You want to wait for earnings and itbe great. If it's sort of formed a handle or paused here, it does have a tendency to go back down into the prior base, go back down to the tunity line, even undercut it. So it's getting a wafrom that while there was probably an early entry you know below the buy point of 2020 you know two high or like something yet down below that somewhat Yeah in there, those kind of areas that I think you just have to wait and see if there's a safer buying opportunity with this one, right? Well, sticking with the e -commerce theme, let's take a look at Shopify, their schedule to report on may eighth. And again, another double bottom base with a 1:11 by point. This one looking a little sloppy ed, but looks like it's trying to regain that 50 day moving average. So you know I guess if you wanted to be aggressive, would this be a potential entry here or how are you hoping that this will set up before earnings next week? Yeah. My concern is that you know those tariffs are going to have an impact I mean, for this company. I don't I don't you know, all the businesses that it runs, it it basically runs websites for other folks. So other its customers may have trouble with that and in the volume that it goes through. And so that could be an issue for them. I think wewant na know, I think there's a lot of questions. This one could easily have a big move on earnings either way. I think youwant na wait. You know, there might be an early inch try if it sort of creeped above these levels on earnings, but it could also just be gapping up in 111 or something would be the more reasonable, more realistic scenario for an opportunity. But Yeah, it's a lot of questions with terrris that I don't really know what they're gonna to be doing. Well, maybe we'll get some comments there, but I've been seeing a lot of companies hesitant to give any guidance. How about fortnight on the cybersecurity front, they have earnings due on may seventh. We're still on the daily here in a cut base one, 14, four, 82. By point, we see that rs blue dot hitting the new highs. So ed, how are you handling this one? Yeah, you probably could have seen a really sort of strange looking double bottom, an unsightly one at one, zero, two, 34. So it's sort of above that again, it's sort of in no man's land between that kind of entry, whether it's or just the traditional by the top of the base. Just see what happens here. There are some other names that are outperforming it right now. The growth isn't as tremendous, but cybersecurity and software to a broader extent is something you're looking at a little bit somewhat separate from tariff concerns? And maybe can I expected to keep growing in without you even if the economy struggles a little bit? The revenue growth has been accelerating. Maybe the comparisons are get tougher. So that's been pretty good lately and earnings have been strong as well. All right, well, let's check in on app eleven. They have earnings on may seventh, and this one was a big winner in 2024. But we've seen this really ugly sell off at the beginning of the year. And it seems like the stock is really trying to bottom out and make a move. It's inching closer to that 50 day line. So thoughts here on the technical action. Yeah, I think this needs more work. I mean, again, not saying it can't work and this could go on a big run, I mean, cause we know that, but it just seems like the risks are pretty high. This is not a double bottom base. It's sort of there's sort of you could sort of look at one, but it's not because it's too low. The 50 day line is really tumbling. I'd like I see it get well above 350 toward 400, then pause and then set up. And that's you know, I just think that there's other things out there and other growth stocks out there that show things. It's still worth looking at. This was a big winner last year and maybe itset up again, but I don't think it's in a great position right now. Right? Well, let's look at a couple of chip names, ed, starting with amd. They post earnings on may sixth. This one definitely not the market leader here. We see it's just been in a very long downtrend over the last eight or nine months or so. But thoughts here. And what are you hoping to maybe hear from these earnings? Yeah, I'm looking this is more like what are they gonna to say about AI and other things? What I want to hear from them because this stock needs a lot of work and it just feels like it's the lagger to nvidia. Nvidia is trying to bounce back, but it's not doing it. Like I'm looking for more color on AI. I mean, we're getting a lot of it from this current week. We're gonna to hope that that's what I'm really looking for. All right, and let's look at arm as well because they report on may seventh kind of the same story. We saw this really ugly sell off here in February and March retaking in that 50 day line, but looks like it has a lot of work to do. It does, I think you need to get it well above the 200 day line and then set up. It's a very volatile name too. It's better than amd because it was hitting highs. You're getting close to highs more recently, but Yeah, a lot of work and and has big, big swings. All right. Well, we've been talking about AI and we're going to need power to run all this artificial intelligence. So let's check in on Constellation Energy Group. They report on may sixth. And again, this one looks like there's been a lot of damage done with that sell off earlier in the year, probably sparked by that deep seek news, but looks like it jumped above the 52 hundred day lines. So any thoughts here, maybe what you're hoping to hear on that earnings call? Yeah. I mean, obviously, they're rallying on some of the broader AI hopes. I mean, when you know meta and Microsoft and we'll see how things go. But Yeah, what are they're seeing for power needs, maybe regulatory stuff because know it's in terms of work on that. So cgs coming back, it seems like it needs to get back up, you know rebound some more, especially given that if you want na do an early entry now, it's like right ahead of earnings. It's like thatbe really aggressive, any tree anyway, but earnings are right around the corner. I think you just want to see it and maybe to see the chart develop more, right? Well, let's take a look at Vistra as well. They report on may seventh. This one looks like it didn't sell off as bad. Again, nice jump up on Thursday, may first, but above those 250 day moving averages. So thoughts here, ed. Yeah, that one's looking better still over a 50% drop I mean, from that top. So it was an enormous drop. You can see that deep seek drop that that shows you again is like, Oh, I'm going to utility you know in February where it's just going absolutely collapsed in there. So just a lot of things in there. But Yeah, I have to see if you could look at one more tln, which somebody brought this to my attention. This one probably looks the best of them. Again, big, big drop, not as bad. This one's looking this one's looking the best. But again, earnings are right around the corner and ceg and vistro will will precede it. So a lot of things can move on it. But this one's looking better. And where would you possibly look to enter this one if it becomes actionable? I mean you know today would have been if it weren't for the fact that earnings are coming around the corner and other earnings that are relevant to it could shift it right back down. But you know if it paused around here or if it came up, you look, if it came up and then paused for a while at 250, that would be you know that area. But right now it's sort of in you know in between waiting for earnings. All right, well, let's shift gears ad and take a look at Ferrari due with earnings on may sixth. This one in a cup base 500 9:13, building that right side. But what are your thoughts here with the chart? Yeah, pretty sharp sell off that, I guess. You know Ferrari, just like sure, our customers will pay the tariffs and that's basically the attitude they're taking. And so because they you know, pretty limited supply, still doing well, you know, pretty sharp drop off, and it goes on runs and then comes back down. So again, if it weren't for the fact that earnings are coming up, going through the 50 day line might have seemed safer. Because when it gets up to the top of that base, it often has a tendency to come back down to quite a ways. So interesting job. Ar, but I probably will PaaS on it unless there's a better setup, right? And as you mentioned with a previous stock here, we see the volume is really light. Going on rents and coming back down is kind of how their Formula One team operates right now. But how about we look at some biotechx Vertex Pharmaceuticals. They post on may fifth. So on the daily hair, this one pattern recognition says consolidation with a 5:19 88 by point. So thoughts here, ed. It looks like it's getting closer to that ahead of earnings. So how would you handle this one? Yeah, I just wait to see if it can clear that. I mean, I think that that's you know that's pretty much at the earnings growth. It's pretty mild right now. It's supposed to be better next year. But Yeah, just wait to see if and get above that. All right. How about tg therapeutics? They also have earnings due on may sixth. This one broke out back here in March. Looks like it had a little bit of a pullback in April. Again, that's probably based on tariff news, but way above extended. Excuse me. So what are you looking for here with tg therapeutics? Yeah, that was extended is even from that even from that short consolidation that it just had, you know from 43 to two, it's a little high. It's run up a lot of days. You know people who bought it and held onto it and have a decent cushion, that's great. And the relative strength has been tremendous these last couple of months. The earnings are supposed to be really strong in a couple years. A lot to like about it, but it seems extended and it just then may not offer an opportunity for a while. All right, well, let's take a look at one more, our R genks adr. Let me give the chart up here. I'll switch back to the daily again, this one in consolidation six, 78, 21 by point getting above these 50 day moving averages. But again, is this another one that's kind of in a no man's land for you ahead of earnings? Yeah. I mean, it sort of broke above the 50 day lines and people could have done an early entry and they might actually get a cushion. It didn't know. You know that's always risk is like there's now enough time maybe have a decent cushion on that. I think leaderboard took a position in that hasn't been a lot of tremendous volume on that, but there was also some massive volume around April. That's part of the issue on some of these things that there was so much volume in early April with the market that you know it's hard to compare to that. There might be a trend line entry that one could draw at some point, but that still seems higher up there. So have to wait to see on earnings again, be nice if the new handle formed, you know, somewhere around here does, you know that that may not develop. All right, ed ward, we were taping this early Thursday, and depending on how tech earnings turn out this week, I may need a bit of a shock. So let's wrap up with axon. That seems like the fair thing to do, right? They report on may seventh, we see another cut base here with a seven, 15, 99 by point. This one again, though, maybe kind of giving the spirit of a double bottom. So how are you approaching this one ahead of earnings? Yeah. When it sort of got up decisively above that 579 like a week or so ago and sort of a after a little pause, you know it moved above there. Maybe you could have done that. But again, this was like this was a picture perfect base that prior one picture perfect basically beautiful cup with handle breakout and then bam, huge. Are some warnings concerns about losing a partner and that how that could affect business? Maybe some of those concerns have been allayed. I think people really want to know how that's working with government and other stuff. It just seems like a no man's land right now and just see if it can set up you know some sort of handle, you know maybe after earnings. All right, ed. Well, thanks so much for your insights. And I just also want na wish you a happy may the fourth be with you. I don't know if you're gonna na be catching up on any Star Wars over the weekend. Probably ally will not. I wish I had Disney plai'd finally get to watch Andor, but may the fourth with you, or sinco de Quatra, or whatever you celebrate. Yeah, well, that's sinco de Quatra great. Or rest to development reference, there is one of my favorites, but that wraps it up for this episode of earnings to cheat sheet. If you want even more market analysis, you can tune into stock market today with Alyssa quorum that goes live after the closing bell. And thanks so much for watching, and we'll see you all next week. This show is for informational and educational purposes only, and nothing should be construed as a recommendation to buy, hold or sell any securities. Any securities and investment strategies discussed may not be suitable for all investors. Make sure to consider consulting your financial advisor before making investment decisions. Hey, this is telus demomos, and I'm Miriam Gottfried. We're reporters at the wall Street Journal and the hoof wsj's take on the week. It's a weekly show that gives listeners a leg up in the world of markets and investing. From the Fed's moves to market bubbles, we dive into the biggest deals, key players and business news ahead. If you're looking for more news and tools that you can use to help navigate the markets, consider becoming a subscriber to the wall Street Journal. Visit subscribe. Wsj. Com. Take on the week to subscribe now.
