---
ticker: PLTR
type: podcast_transcript
title: "Pres. Trump Speaks to CNBC, Palantir's AI Boom, Caterpillar’s Earnings Miss 8/5/25"
podcast: ""
date: 2025-08-05
audio_url: https://dts.podtrac.com/redirect.mp3/cnbc.simplecastaudio.com/772daf2b-4aa5-445b-9969-6ecd181231b1/episodes/f31ef4ea-761b-46ac-9114-bd93b520708b/audio/128/default.mp3?aid=rss_feed&awCollectionId=772daf2b-4aa5-445b-9969-6ecd181231b1&awEpisodeId=f31ef4ea-761b-46ac-9114-bd93b520708b&feed=GcylmXl7
language: auto
chars: 50777
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# Pres. Trump Speaks to CNBC, Palantir's AI Boom, Caterpillar’s Earnings Miss 8/5/25

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2025-08-05

---

## Transcript

With share my trip from Uber, you can send your live trip location to the ones who matter most, like Dan and Hannah, who always wait up to make sure their daughter gets back to her college dorm room. Or Tiffany, who's running late as usual and her friends are tracking her trip to make sure she's actually on her way. She's right there, she's three minutes away. Or Sam, who never goes anywhere without her roommate knowing exactly where she is. Some journeys are meant to be shared. Share your ride in real time with share my trip on Uber one more way. Uber is putting safety at every turn. Learn more on the Uber app. She loves it hot, he loves it cool. The pot by eight sleep is a smart mattress cover that fits on your bed and keeps each side of the perfect temperature all night low by staying comfortably warm or cool, the pod helps you sleep deeper and wake up feeling more rusted. Every morning, you get daily health insights and a sleep fitness score however you sleep. The pilot by aisleep adts to you try it. Sleep com, it's Jim Kramer here. You're listening to the opening bell of cbc squawk on the street. Don't miss a minute of the action. I think when somebody says the commissioners not involved, I don't want to get into any arguments with anybody. Why should I? She's a very nice. But when they say that the, you know that nobody was involved, that it wasn't political, give me a break. It's a highly political situation. It's totally rigged. Smart people know it. People with common sense know it. And a lot of people like you to keep their head under the covers. That was President Trump in the last hour, of course, here on cnbc, sounding off about the jobs data, his firing of the bls chief. Good Tuesday morning. Welcome to welcome the street on David Faber. That's Jim Kramer. We're live in post nine at the New York Stock has changed. Carl has the morning off. Let's give you a look at futures as we get ready to start trading on this Tuesday. And you can see we are looking for what, very modestly higher open this morning. Jim, let's start with the president's appearance on cnbc in the last hour. I mean, again, you and I discussed this yesterday. He continues to say that use the words rigged, it's political. There's nothing at all that seems to back up that contention. Plenty of people who certainly say the methods by which we collect the data you included amongst those needs to change, but no one that I'm aware of who said that they believe in any way these numbers are rigged. That said, the market yesterday did not react at all to this firing in the way that perhaps some might have believed it would in the sense of undermining the data in the future, right? I mean, look, I think that the market looked at the numbers and said, well, things have slowed, so interest rates went lower. The quarters have been extraordinary. It comes down I mean, I know, look, we're the business network and it comes down to the companies. There's a lot of companies that reported the vast majority of the companies were good. People buy stocks because of growth, as we'll see pounds here. They don't buy it because of Trump. They don't buy it because of labor. They don't buy it because of commerce, and they don't buy it because unemployed. They buy it because the companies arendoing it. Okay? And as long as the companies are doing well and we don't have bad employment, stocks go higher. Now, if we want to convert everything and decide what matters is what that man says and whether what he says matters for what we do, I can't help you make money. It's an interesting discussion. I have it at home, but that's all you're ever going to hear about from me. I say I have it at home. I was brought up, but I'm not going to start talking about it out of seven. But when I'm going try to make money for people, and when I come back and I say, look, interest rates are low. Go by Home Depot. Interest rates aren't that low right now. Wait, go right here. Interest rates are going low. But I'm just saying, like I can't help in the other stuff. I can't say, you know what, I think he's a liar about this or taxas is there? I can't because I don't do that. My goal is to try to make people money. I'm completely devoid of the view about whether the Labor Department rigged it. All I know is, you know, let you know they didn't. You know they didn't. I don't care. Okay? I don't even care. All right, there, I'll tell you that. I said that to my wife. I don't even care. She is well, that's that's a disgrace that you don't care. I just know my job. My job is to figure out whether the caterpillar number is good and whether they should buy. Now, am I small minded thinker? I am the thinker that I am. I'm a dollar sign. What am I going to do? I'm not going to be able to help you about whether President Trump had more counties than anybody else ever, because I don't give it to him. Is that my job? My job. B's to help them make money. That's it. Okay. That's it. Which I have more net. No, it's fine. It's all we need from you. I don't mind. Yeah. I mean, pitch it in that area. I love. Okay. Look, action. How you a quarter pounds here going much harshorthey can't believe it's finally up and ztechnologies they missed numbers for so long. I can't believe they're doing better there. I think that was a great show. Well, that's all I have. Thank you. I'm not salesforce. I can't leave stand. I heard all enough. I don't what else? You made the point. You made the point, right? So I got all this stuff from the Trump interview. I assume you don't want to hear any of you don't want to hear any of it. You got nothing to say. You're not interested. Does make me I'm not on msnbc. I'm going okay. And by the way, that's what I, you do. You may, as I had been surmising, be on the short ortlist for fed Chinot the trouno. You may be my friend, you may not know it. You may not know it, but you may be said soon enough, you know, so I say, I say, let's at that copno two fours. I lidehe just got gear open here. You're as bad as he is. You're bad. I stop talking. I'm as bad as he is. Well, how's healsound him? I'm just talking about during the interview. Understand the tracks. Now that my point was, as I have been kidding you for quite some time, love you about, I love you too, about taking on the Fed chair. And it's been in a jocular fashion. And that th said he did. We'll take a listen because he's got two people we know of. One of them is not best in. But then there's two mystery people. Take a listen. I love Scott, but he wants to stay where he is. I will. I'll take him off them because I asked him just last night, is this something you want? Nope. I want to stay where I am. He actually said, I want to work with you. It's such an honor. I said, that's very nice. I appreciate that. But no, Scott wants to do what he's he's doing a great job and he wants to do what he's doing. So I just take him off. He does not want it. He likes being treasury secretaries. In the end, there are numerous people that are qualified. Everyone on your phone right now in terms of at your beautiful studio would be very qualified. In my opinion, you guys are better than most of the people that do it for a living. There it is. Think I told you right there. Okay, beautiful studio, qualified whelisten. In all seriousness, we'll see who we end up with, whether it's one of the Kevins, whether it is some other name, perhaps I and again, the president has picked people who sit in seats and talk on television. We have a defense secretary. You do that for a living. Not inconceivable. We're taught to think forward, not to think about who here, an nfl coach, you really care that you've lost in Cincinnati and you're the no. What you care about is going forward and right forward, it's pretty damn, pretty darn good. You still believe that going forward is still is still pretty darn good. I'm listening. Take two pawn. Okay. I did breed. Get what what you want to just start with Palantir. Why don't we do that? I am happy to start with and let's spend a little time on I am happy to start because Palantir, of course, did report numbers and they were very strong, far and excfact of what many analysts follow the company had anticipated. The company raised its full year guidance as well and posted again this quarter that had revenues of 48%. They are over a billion dollars revenue. Remember, the gross margins are what we should be focused going. The postmargins in red will come to a fecarp siding what he calls the astonishing level of AI leverage. Here's what he had to say on last night's earnings call about being bullish on the usa. At risk of saying the obvious, this is a perfect time for a revolution in the United States of America. We are very, very bullish on America. We have some really crucial and important clients internationally, large clients, commercial clients in Europe, and also government clients outside of America that we're proud of. But this is an American Revolution. It's being led by ontology and chips and also, to some extent, large language model providers. This is a stock gym that came in as the best performer in the S&P, and that will not change this morning. You know, well, look, there's still a lot of analysts were trying to deal with the fact that it was much better than they ever realized. People had to sell one away, by the way, which you international nathought that's that was one of the okay. But that doesn't really matter because domestic is doing incredibly well. And they do have some great examples of Ryan Taylor, I'm not familiar with his work, chief revenue officer, of how well when you bring them in the return, it's very, very fast. And don't forget, they're really focused on the philosophical study of being concerned with the nature of existence and the category of things and the relationship, which is ontology. So it's kind of Camus meets kings. That's fascinating. Well, no, I mean, that's ontology is his. You know this stock obviously was trading at multiples to forward revenues that are extraordinary and that continue that kept a lot of people away. That despite those who believe that the growth was going to be quite strong, buying something at 80 plus years worth of its forward revenues is simply not something a lot of investors are capable of doing. And what I'm saying is, is that there companies, whether it be craft strike, whether be serviced now, whether it be this one, that you have to use the rule of 40, okay? You have to take their growth rate and their March and add them together. And in this case, the rule 40 score is 94. So all I can tell you is this company's dramatic underand, it got almost 50% the margins, right? Yes, it's undervalued here. It goes to 200. Whether it goes to 200 next week or tomorrow, I don't know, but it's going well. You've been right. You've been right on this. 1:50 goes to 100, hundred goes to 1:15. You've been you've been bullish and you have dismissed those. You simply point valuation, which is a risk here. It's a risk. But this is an amazing company. And I've got to tell you, I was very proud of Alex because Alex did not dominate the call. He let other people speak. And frankly, he was not as chess beat, and he did call the American Revolution out. That was a tough one because he likes the way America's run right now. But it was a very good, they're a beneficiary, obviously, of the military operthat's taking place. That was good. The army, that consolided army country was very good. Yeah. There are no asitic elements. I like there are no parasitic elements, right? You know, something that stood out to me is not something he said on the call, but something he said to our own Morgan Brennan, I when they had a phone call. And I'll share it now, dear, because it did strike me. And of course, it goes to a theme that you, me and Carl have been, and we'll continue to discuss, which is what happens to employment with the growth of AI. You plan to grow revenue while decreasing the number of people. Crazy efficient revolution, ten times revenue. And they're going to go from 4100 people to 3600. So he thinks it's possible for this company to grow tenfold and reduce its employment by over 10% over that period of time. The extraordinary story that I believe in, and by the way, what you and I can do, we talked about, I think President Trump becomes one that's good now is he's the president. But I think the most fundamental issue facing us, besides the trade deficit, 30 nintris, not the budget deficit, I the overthe national debt, debt dezonding thing about them, I think the fundamental thing that we can bring to the party is you have you have AI p that can take away jobs up. You have immigration that's new legal to gate Yeah and deportation that's actually taking people out of the country jobs, right? You then have tons of younger people who get the great wealth transfer from baby Boers, but are not being hired at the pace that they used to be. You have people in their third and fourth years of accounting firms and law firms and bankers that not that are being disinmediated and buy this. And you have penels. You're basically telling you we're based on we're on OpenAI. We write these programs. The programs are far more efficient. So David, the question is, well, the people who are sons and daughters, will they get jobs? That's a great question. I don't know the answer. The optimists will tell you, and I have this conversation, as I know you do, with so many people in the business world and trying to understand those who are optimists will say it is yet just another significant technological change, the likes of which we've seen previously where there were many concerns. And yes, 90% of people farm 200 years ago now 2% of people do. Were we okay? Of course we were. The industrial revolution seemed to automate so many things. Well, it created more jobs. And even much more recently, this was seen as well. Who knows? And then you've got all these people who drive ubers and things of that nature created a lot more jobs. That's the optimus, right? Others will say this is different. It is a different change. Now, step function, when you're talking about a machine that will have intelligence equal to all the intelligence in the world far in excess of our own, what are we gonna to do? And in carp again, who offers so much and very thoughtful. It offers the idea that it's entirely possible that it's White collar people get hurt. Yes. Blue ke colar people have more right those who you one are the things I love about the guy Yeah can I say that because he's not been that nice to so what? No is that he says listen Harper, Yale for they don't matter anymore. Now that is chilling. People should listen to this chilling that the roi of a Harvard Education may not be as good. I love that because this guy is he's a democrtic Jim, you know, I'm an, by the way, I have this conversation with many of my friends because we all have children who are just entering the workforce or early in their careers. And the question, of course, is what is going to, what is going to represent valuable work and the purpose of your life? I mean, listen, there are a lot of larger questions here about society, but that did strike me and it struck you as well. Well, the idea that you over time will be able to grow your company enormously and your workforce will shrink, right? Jlaw, I would tell you that's but but everyone's a little more productive and the people leave will then have the ability to be able to start something. My problem with that is that's a different personality set. Not everybody has the risk of built tolerance and not everybody has the money to start a new business. I want to believe jces so badly because that would be so great for generations. But right now, I see a lot of White collar people who pay too much. And you know Daris Samoi, I think it was at anthropic, said, for example, that he thinks what was the number? 30, 40% of White collar workers? I mean, some of the numbers are frightening. And by the way, our political system, however you feel about it, is no way equipped to handle what might be coming in that no, the political system is done. They're so far behind what's going on. Yeah, they're just and they don't look at the companies. I mean, but that said, a lot of wealth is being created and there it is. Look at that stock. By the way, I know a lot of people who own this thing. This was a private company for such a long period of time. Remember, then it came public, the direct listing, you had a, you know, and it kind of sort of hung in there, did okay. And then I know people who sold it in the high twenties and felt like, great. I'm so happy and could not have anticipated this kind of a move. Well, I can, because I studied this company. I mean, I read the books, the guys of bredrin, all I can tell you is is that when you bring them in, they create a tremendous amount of wealth for you. Yeah, almost instantly. And I look, I've tried to penetrate this thing over and over again. I even you speak to people at it, it's real and it does a great job. And carp and his team are doing amazing things, like the Defense Department doing Beijing, but cpgs are doing credible. It's really listen. They've increased them both on the commercial front, I mean, with corporation, with Corp. No, I don't have. I don't. I knew him many years ago. I don't talk to him with any regularity whatsoever. I look forward to perhaps talking to him again in the future. He's always an interesting injuperceptive man, but the rest of his team got shown off in the call and they were very smart. That was why thought cp did a great job. He let the others speak and they were very, very perceptive about what is to have. All right. We got a lot more to get to on the earnings front this morning. We're going to get market reaction results from the likes of caterpillar and Pfizer, perhaps talk a bit of Apollo as well. The enormous alternative asset manager reporting numbers this morning. Let's give you a look at futures. We get started with trading about 13 minutes from now. And let's call it a very mixed open at this point. More squthe straight ahead. Iran halting oil shipments, fuel prices surging when crisis yet oversees. Our state gets punched harder at the pump. That's because California's policies are pushing our refineries to close, forcing us to import fuel and in control of our energy supply to volatile foreign countries. And as global conflict erupts, our access to energy is threatened and our prices Spike. Californians are paying the price for our state's failed energy policies, paid for by Californians for energy independence. At Uber, every single driver is required to PaaS a thorough background check before they can start driving. That means any prospective driver goes through a multi step screening process, checking for any impaired driving or criminal offenses. But the checks don't stop there. Every year, every Uber driver is background checked again. So the person picking you up today meets the same standards as the day they started. Hey, how's it going? Yeah, good annual driver screenings from Uber. One more way. Uber is putting safety at every turn. Learn more at Uber. Com. Champion of hurling grass and pollen everywhere. And in the blue corner, third challenger, extra string holiday eye drops that work all day to prevent the release of histamines and cause itchy allergy eyes. And the winner by knockout is peninade out of day. Bring it on. I take a look at crude this time yesterday. Also down boy may have come back a bit during the session because I do feel like we at somewhat similar level. Yeah, Yeah, that's 24 hours and see we're down. Give give rai want to wrap from you later. But first I need your mad dash. So get ready for that and we'll come right back. Let's take a quick commercial tial break. Is your carpet showing its age? Whether it's outdated, stained or worn, it may be time for a fresh start. New flooring can completely transform the look and feel of your home. At rc Willie, our flooring experts will answer your questions, walk you through your options and help you choose the perfect fit. Now is the time to schedule your free in home measure before our semi annual flooring sale begins. Don't wait. Incredible savings are just around the corner. Rc Willie, your home, your way. Tap for incredible savings. Men are struggling with their mental health to some of the highest rates we've ever seen, but most aren't getting the support they need, and that needs to change. I'm Dr. Guy winch, your host for season three of the visibility gap presented by signa health care. This season, we're focusing on men's mental health, bringing together real stories and expert insight to explore the pressures men face every day and why opening up can feel so difficult. Join us for the new season wherever you stream your podcasts. All right, welcome back. Let's get to our mad dentigot about seven minutes before we get to the beginning of trading here at the New York Stock Exchange. You want to talk, ang, but the actual original, that's important thing, when we did our show from the airforce Academy in Colorado, and there was this guy there, and I'm driving out and he goes, you bury me in Fang. And I said, Facebook, Amazon. Oh no. I cliyou meant diamond energy of which was not. But diamond energy is considered to be one of the more thoughtful companies out there. And they said last night that we continue to believe that at current oil prices, us shale oil production has likely peaked and that activity levels in the board, 48, will remain depressed. Rate counts declined a lot. They missed their numbers, but it doesn't really matter. Tell why it doesn't because they mistheir numbers by choice. They're choosing to not drill and not bring up a lot of oil here because, frankly, they think prices are depressed. I think so too. I think that when the opec plus just put more barrels on, obviously Russia is pumping like, man, we we just saw what wti is doing and has been doing because, right, the president says, Oh, it never been more. But that's not really no. What matters is, is that oil ils coming down, insurance costs are coming down. If we could get housing down, then we could have a very strong economy right now, a housing, we hope because the mortgage is coming down, maybe we get more activity, but this is very boss for America. I know I'm going to just kind of get the es of lower energy prices and energy is coming down and energy is coming down. You know this because this company could drill all at once, and it's because they have the best properties than Permian, right? But they're not going into because the returns are not as great as they otherwise would be. So it's back to what we talked about ten years ago in terms of the change in the oil companies deciding to return capital as opposed to putting it in the ground because they don't want to do it happen in 2016 when they all kept pumping because they said, Oh, we got a present White House who loves us and then crush their markers. They're not letting that happen. All right. Great point. Thank you. Thank you. I know it's not about Washington diamondbfood company. Don't buy you. Okay. All right. You got that going for you. What else? Well, you can always just listen to us on our podcast, right? Catch us any time, in fact, and anywhere. It's the squawk on the street opening bell podcast. We're back with the actual show in a minute. Sure. The caterpillar somewhat boon the pre market quarterly earnings coming in below what many analysts have been expecting the company to report. Unfavorable manufacturing costs largely reflected the impact of higher tariffs. Caterpillar also adds it expects to take a tariff hit. It's up to $1.5 billion. That would be for the full year. And as our buwers will see stocks gonna to be down ever so slightly at least looks like here 20 points at one point. People have to recognize caterpillars. What I call conference call, you just can't really judge it from the Press release. I think that the orders are really good. I think the second has really good. I think that what I saw down five, I mean, like, look, people are going to have to lower their numbers. And it's a new CEO, Joe Crete, Jim muppleby, who changed this company dramatically by making it much more a secular grower than it's difficult, cool and not dependent on China and not depending on anyone, anyone geography, anyone business, oil, iled infrastructure. He's done a great job. He did a lot of turbines, by the way. And as far as I'm concerned, I know it is that for you. Far as I'm concerned, you buy it down ten if it Yeah we'll keep an eye on catapuwe're going to get to some of the other earnings moves in a moment, including Pfizer and Apollo. But right now, we got the opening bell right here at the new stock exchange, show you the real time exchange back at our headquarters as well here at the big board, Orion properties. That's an office redoing the honors as. All right, Jim, I will leave the board open to you. You can decide where you want to go first about what kind of market we have here. Yesterday, rob, recently, bill, Burberry, smart guy, changed his emblade air mobility, had two businesses, had organs transplant ant, but which is cash paid by hospital. And then this business really wasn't making much money at all, losing money flying to the so they sell the losing business to Joby, which is a cold T. I did not have that on my scorecard. You starting with blade and Joby, the reason starting with this is, please, you have pounds here. I wish we had a charof. Joby, we do look at that. They're a wish. They're a group of stocks that are loved typically by younger people. And Joby can now do an equity offering for 50 million shares of want to itbe priced in the whole nineth. You'll have the money to be able to do whatever they want next. You know, flying cars that the play again, so we have ontology and palhere we got flying cars will be a nuclear play that will be pretty good. This is what is sustaining this market. Yes, but you have you have not been happy about that. No, because you've been concerned 99 about that. That's the 1990, by the way, I would point out, sure, the fit my yesterday we're down Shari'd like to think that's my it might have been you've been very critical, not of the company, but of the enthusiasm by which it has been mesched sending its stock up, almost fourfoded its height to what the ideal price was 20, right? Don't be willing to buy the company 20 billion. That was very smart. We should do that. A lot of AI, we're talking about figment now, guys, but just a sketching company, yeso. Then the stock goes to 70 billion. And I say to myself, that is what happened in 9899. So my job, I think, in terms of trying to help people make money, it's to recognize that there's two markets. There's the market that is figma and is Droby, and then there's the market that is caterpuilt. And I just think that you have to be conscious of the fact that this market is 1999, and we don't want this to bleed in. And I felt that the synahad, after how great, after how core weaves come back, the circle internemoved that the cyic test should have said, instead of saying, throw our hands up, we know what to do, is that we heard a lot of that 99, right? And we think they should go study a little more historical, recognize their role. We wish that we all could go back in time and stop that bubble, including syndiate tests. They have responsibility. Fun bubble. I don't know what I want to stop it, but I mean, we have a great time. It isn't the old desk of squbjust. We did. You were seven. The reason, tell you why I started with joi. Tell you I started with Joey. Yeah. Because you were the only one who was on maybe Marand someone you were full in. You were actually trying to get people to be careful. And that's what I'm saying. Be careful here. Well, what do you make of of the comeback of sps? Would you put that in that same category? I think that they're awful. You think that the people who buy them or buying something, they have no idea what the are. Verdict was a good sps, but it was the first one. There been quite a few good specs. We've got it back, by the way, that is our posts back and making a comeback, and that is showing you the performance of those companies that were Spacks back in that key period of 21. For example, did their deal desact and now how they've been trading. But you can see, Jim, they've been coming back a bit now, obviously far below the levels that we saw at that dramatic loss you're kind of referring to as well, in part because of what can happen when when when speculative areas, why do I they're overtaking of that if you can buy something, I won't even recommend companies that are where I don't know what bonds they are or what buildings they own to just give someone a chat and bet that they're going to do something. No, we had 613Spacks come to market in 2021. Well, that fix and how did the market do in 2:22? We all wish we could have played a role making it so people didn't lose a lot of money in 2022, but we didn't because we were kind of like, Oh, this sp's all right, this spto routina. But no, I mean, as a whole, they're not good. And that's okay if you run, if you're doing this back, there are some very good by the point out. And Joby now is actually a successful Spack. Remember, they usually praintense while successful, but I'm wearing people, the kings conververtive and truth social, the president's company, but that's still the majority. I mean, yes, those are incredible Trump media. Excuse me, incredible exceptions. Had been member the old digital world Acquisition Corp. There's a company called symbiotic. That's why M I wasn't that familiar. That's one of the more successful specs. I haven't actually waiting more that's been out there. Yeah. I mean, you know literally every company of power robotics, and that's something that is very, again, theoretically great. They actually may have earned money next year, so you can't dismiss them. Okay, there you go. You knew them. All right, let's move on back to the regular market, Pfizer. Now there's the stock you've not wanted to own for at least 20 years. No, the company he does report numbers and they're being met with a kind of a nice reception here. Well, cutting R&D, they call R&D expense. I regard R&D for a drug company as the future. But this was not a bad, but bad number for Albert poor. I was pusantly surprised because does yield 7%. You want people to do well. It's not why you buy a drug company. But you know, look, it was better than they had ten. Your operational growth? No, was an revenues. I was, I was happy with decent top line. I was happy for them. Typicnoo nordist. It was better than, well, was a, but better than real. Crystal Myers, we never, you know what that was? In the midst of so many names, I don't really feel like we focused on medical. Myers, it wasn't, was not a great quarter at all. No. Hey, one, by the way, I want to clear up something right now, please. One that was that had great orders, but is down severely as people think they do, only at a small beat is now we own a huge amount for my club, but we sold a huge amount and I now froze us. But it's down 28, down 30, that's going to be a ide because the orders are really good. Now right now, you're the short term mers who are looking at the stock and saying, well, it's up in a straight line from 2:20 are blowing out and that's understandable. But what's going on with you this is that the future is this is an order stock, not an earning stock. And the orders are great for the data center but some other divisions don't matter. But what they're doing in the data center, they're the they make the electric, right? You the boxes basically that are part of the measure allowed mean if you think of the electrification of America eaten is the box got to make sure there's no surges or anything like exactly Eaton is the number one electrification play in the country. But people don't know that. Yeah, I don't mean to be so critical. I'm just saying that if you study ethey really changed their business model. They were aircraft at auto and now they're most electrification and the data center application was fantastic. Done sell but going to be down into a data center and just trying to understand every single thing in there and where it comes from. Not the worst exercise. And you want to understand that it's about cooling, that's vertive. It's about electricity and that's eaten. It's about the actual running of the place. And that's cool. Even you goto know these things. And I eatens down 30 right now. Someone viity in the GPU, someone ethat person is saying, listen more. Yeah, Yeah, get me out of eaten. It's it, 350. I want to give you a 3:40 low on a million shares. The guy's banging it out. There's only 600000 shares of trade. So the guy's going to take the stock down to 340 because that's what bad traders do. They don't understand how to trade. And that's also another lost start. But theytake it to 340 years before we have to rethink. Okay? That's a lot of things I didn't know about. It's good company. How about the bandavid? Do we care about the fact that the president, this is what I hear. I hear the president. There's very good exchange about bank of America, whether bank of America is a bad actor. Well, what matters is, when is Warren buffer going to finish selling Bank America? That's what matters. Not that the president thinks it's a good or bad arenjust president, kids, they did have a nice day yesterday. I would note, obviously, they have outperformed the S&P largely other than bank of America, which to your point is only up 4% this year. You know, there an persistently high rates. I'm not sure you know the value that's bucket selling she's heard bucket selling the value treasury portfolio there still sometimes is a bit of an issue as well the ongdated stuff. But yes, I don't know the underperformance of Bank America is quite notable. Well, that's because because they sell now Buffett's people, Berkshire, they don't want to blow the stock out. I just talked about eating and blowing the stock out. They won't come to a bit, so called come to a bit. They won't say, listen, we want to get out. We got 100 million shares and we want to sell them with a 40 low, make a bid for it. And what we do, we can actually do an offering and boom, they get that stuff done. And then there are other companies where the short squeezes are immense. You get axon. Okay, that's the old taser. Yeah really good for the Rick Smith riit. People keep believing that this guy can't keep keep it up. This is a software versus and service company for justice. Literally housing what I mean, I remember when they rich Smith changed the business model. The original gun changed the business model. I Tait's a 65 billion dolcompany market. It deserit it's got it's how records are kept at police departments. And by the way, if you wear if you wear an axon body camera camera, think about how many lawsuits are cut. It's a quick way to be able to be to lower your insurance bills. And obviously, we think that. Officers are much less likely, not that they're out there to do things, but they're always bad actors that they can be able to say, look, I didn't do anything. They can charge me. Denbrick's got a lot of stuff on that. People can say the, you know, the assailant can say, I was, I assailed him or her, but here's the body camera. So it's worth it. I've been behind that stock since it was at 30. Why? Because I met Rick Smith. I urged him to taste me. He wouldn't taste me grow. I did. He said, I can't taste it because we're in Jersey. I sent me. If I'm new New York, we couldn't you taste me? You don't really want to be tased. But I thought it might be a way to be able to demonstrate, you know, that I know what I'm doing. Like how you'll demonstrate that Apollo 's up nine and you know what you're doing? Yeah, I try to Apollo is far from an easy quarter to digest fully in terms of you know the different parts of the businesses. But overall, the asset number is easy to sort of see. This $840 billion, and it was 696 billion a year ago. So they continue to move closer and closer to that trillion dollar asset number overall at a company that is, again, largely in many ways through a thee an insurer and people's retirement. They're taking that money and putting it into private credit. Mark Rowan on the call also talking about the and this effort has been underway. We've been discussing we've talked about it when Larry Fink has been here as well and joined us from BlackRock in the past. How do you bring private credit, private investment as well to 401 ks to the average investment? I know Larry Fink talks about that a lot and take a listen to Rowan on the call in terms of what he said. When it comes to the 400 1K business, I believe we are on the cusp of being able to serve the 400 1K and the defined contribution marketplace. I expect there to be significant proposed changes to the regulatory landscape to make this easier. This, to me is common sense potential for them, isn't it? Great reason on that stock. By the way, David Simon, a fantastic businessman, Simon properties talked about, he's on the board of Apollo, how great they are and how great mark rois. A really nice call out. Interesting. David said that because it means a lot. David, words mean a lot. You know, so much of that, obviously, money. I mean, it's coming back to things like financing data centers. You know, this is a point I I've made before. Jim, but I wanted to make it again because we talked so often of late, given we got all the numbers from hyperschedules last week, the 400 billion in CapEx that will be spent by them on things like data centers, that's an understated number because there are many projects that are actually being financed by the likes of Apollo and private credit and black and black and Blackstone and on and on from there, where all the ultimate tenant is meta, but they're at least payer that doesn't show up in cabex. Absolutely. And it's the same thing. They're both buying their own and building their own, but they're also allowing these guys to put the money down for return, finance it, and then you got incredibly highly rated credit in there, you know is going to pay you double digit numbers in terms of a return. You'll take it, but meta will take it too, because it doesn't undershow this great theme underneath this entire market that we don't talk about enough that you brought it up. Core weaves obviously involved too out, I would tell you, core weave involved, by the way, the freporting on something with core weave that I reported on a couple of weeks ago, which is core scientific holders, yes, are potentially going to hold them up if they can because the numbers in the value of the deal has come down dramatically since it was first announced. That is that acquisition, of course, scientific. And again, we'll see. We're still waiting on earnings where they may actually allow for the I don't know if the unlock will happen then or in kind of late September on core weave. You're not going to get a shareholder vote for the deal until after that. We should talk about me. L, Amazon was down for the last two days, down horribly. The first being you kind of changed your tunbut. You were decidedly more negative yesterday than you had been right after. It's very interesting. If you listen to palyour call, they love to write to their job on OpenAI. They mention that. And you, that's a terrific endorsement of OpenAI. There are many good endorsements people feel when you talk to venture capitalists. No, we don't want to write on Amazon Web Services because it's really built for retail. And they spent more money, meaning if they gave more money rather than concentrate on their own ships that they're making, then Amazon would be a better place to write. Now Amazon itself is saying, let's we're huge and come on. And I think it will come out the watch. But it is good to see Amazon coming back because a lot that decline made a lot of people feel that maybe web services really has peaked. Yeah and that's very important and Leslie pickers right there. I'm was just going to tell I was going to say that I liked her interview so much with jp Morton, Jamie diamond unfaingly mentions your parents, makes you feel great. And I was going that was the when we were talking about the banks but Yeah that she's here anyway. Amazon nice for a comeback. Nice for a comeback. Yeah. You know, I did want to make a point. You mentioned palent here we can take a look at that stock, of course, because it is so strong. And again, the multiple unforward revenues is extraordinary, something like 80 plus times, maybe more, not that OpenAI given the news we got yesterday about potentially a $20 billion revenue number next year, last round valued OpenAI at 300 billion, I would just make the point that the revenue multiple on OpenAI, which is also growing incredibly fast, but obviously losing money, which is far lower, far lower than Palit is. But remember, these places are again, it's about ontology, what he would say, but looking at an institution holistically and being able to figure out how to improve it rather rapidly. David, the big loser today is something that talk about this is very disappointing and tough. It's vertex and vertex, their opioid alternative. No, no, no, really up to snuff. And that's what just An American Tragedy, as we know from the Purdue, this is this is something many people want to focus on, the ability to actually really mitigate pain in a significant way equal to what opioids can do without obviously any addiction problem. Yeah. And this did not I, it didn't do the job and there was no edge over to it. So it's just in terms of things that were terrible news today, it was that the opioi wasn't aware, not addictive, did not deliver this very, very ti wanted to come back to a course. Colleagues on squat box, their interview with the president earlier this morning, I made a lot of headlines, of course, on here on cnbc. In fact, he also amongst them claim ed, that jp Morgan and bank of America rejected him as a customer. And this revives claims that conservative clients were being unfairly denied access to banking. Take a listen. They did discriminate. I had jp Morgan chase. I had hundreds of millions of dollars in cash. I could see if they want to, you know, if they want to do something bad because you don't have any money and you default, Ted, and they took people out. But I'll give you me as an example. I had hundreds of millions. I had many, many accounts loaded up with cash. I was loaded up with cash, and they told me, I'm sorry, sir, we can't have you. You have 20 days to get out. I said you got to be kidding. Then what happens is I call a bank of America routinely, because when I was president, this was after I get out, by the way, I call a bank of America routinely, and I speak to him, and I speak to a couple of people, and they have zero interest. Brian was kissing my ass when I was president, and when I called him after I was president to deposit a billion dollars plus and a lot of other things. More importantly, to open accounts, which banks always like. They like accounts because they get interest free. You know, the overnight, some things are a lot of reasons for it, but they like accounts had hundreds of accounts. And he said, we can't do it. Nowe can't do it. All right, we've got some response to those comments. Jp Morgan, in fact, amongst some Leslie picker who covers this industry forces here. What do we know? Yeah. So here's what the firm said. They said, quote, we don't close accounts for political reasons and we agree with President Trump that regulatory change is desperately needed. We commend the White House for addressing this issue and look forward to working with them to get this right. Now, the debanking conversation is one that really has reached kind of a fever pitch back at Davos. If you recall, when President Trump called and who didn't respond to him at all, basically acted as the question was never asked exactly Yeah for kind of move past it very quickly, folding essentially over to banking. And what we've discovered as we kind of look at all of the individual cases is that largely there's there's something else at play. Usually it doesn't involve political discrimination. It doesn't involve you know religious discrimination. It's something else. So there was the situation with the Uganda charity. That was because bank of America can't do business with charities outside of the us. There are a couple of other situations. Crypto is one that's been brought up a bunch. So usually that has to do with regulations, specifically the anti money laundering regulations and the know your customer regulations, which can also be a little serious ous that he was denied banking. Is that was that a result of his conviction? My understanding is that banks, it's not a hard and fast rule, but typically, especially the bigger banks, do not do business with individuals who have been indicted. So following president trumhe's convicted, just indited, just indicted. No, he did say like banks for your regulators. What else banks fear such regulators? Their wives, their wives and their regular ves. Their wives. Yeah, I don't know about the I don't know, female. I have the lady dies. James Frager there one point in my life, I would say his favorite, favorite seed bank CEO is ana bteam, right? And bhas turned that bank into sunbank. Probably even the most powerful bank in Europe doesn't get enough credit for it. She was fired by her father, jp Morgan, which is not her. An amazing person. So he's not letting up though, is he on this? He's not. And you know, the banks have said they want to work with the White House to come up with better regulations. There was that piece in the wall Street Journal this morning about a potential executive order that's being drafted that would kind of tackle this issue. But it really is kind of this larger gray area involving who banks can do business with. The rules aren't super, super clear. So often it looks like someone's being debanked because of their political affiliation or religious affiliation or whatever you think it might be, but it really has to do with something else. And again, it's not clear, but they want more clarity on kind of those kyc rules, those know your customer rules and anti money money that would have asked to do something you shouldn't have done according to the board of directors but maybe would have had go out there and do it just you goto played by the rules there you go that's a good thing to live by play by the rules as long as you know why sting on you're ten obviously we're gonna have a lot more on this nine minutes okay Yeah we'll count them down Oh fantastic Yeah you're Yeah only got nine more minutes with you too we need get talk about Marriott well first we're gonna to get services pmi we got a little time left in the show Jim Rick santelly has those numbers for us Rick yes David these are S&P ism at the top of the hour services pmi July final improve from the midmonth midmonth 55.2 this reading 55.7 they both remain even the revision the highest level of the year going back to dof last year same could be said for the composite figure move from 54.6 to 55.1 best of the year best since December these are important service sectors the largest swatat of the economy you may have noticed we're hovering in the low 420s in s for the third straight session in a row as the ranges really are getting quite compact after the wild ride we had after Friday's jobs report squawk on the. Street of return after a short break. All right, welcome back. All you got time for is asking you what you got on the big show tonight. I am so excited. This company called mntn the king public greliance. This guy, Mark Douglas, really is like the foremost guy in terms of advertising on non linear. And by the way, the person who has been alive and made the company come alive as a Ryan Reynolds, he's got some great stuff on their website. Then Tom Jordan, consider to be the Dean of the oil business. I would point out that someone like Mark Douglas and someone like, again, like reddit, this is the new way to advertise. And you get very good deals if you advertise with them. And you could easily do it, come up with an ad that you did through figma by yourself, give it to him, make money, get to return. It's a very exciting time. And that's an example, by the way, of things are that create new jobs from AI. So I want to be open minded that there is an AI job creation case. No, we have to be hopeful for it and open minded to it. It should be the theme. But being aware that that five years that the dislocation could be the likes of which we buy, you know what we're going to do. All people got a college degree, paid $90000, 363, $4000 in boom. No, Juno juall, right? Keep thinking about it. Let me know if you come up with some. You've been listening to the opening bell on cnbc's squawk on the street. All opinions expressed by the squawk on the street participants are solely their opinions and do not reflect the opinions of cnbc, nbc universal or their parent company or affiliates and may have been previously disseminated by them on television, radio, Internet or another medium. You should not treat any opinion expressed on this podcast as a specific inducement to make a particular investment or follow a particular strategy, but only as an expression of an opinion. Such opinions are based upon information squawk on the street participants consider reliable, but neither cnbc nor its affiliates and or subsidiaries warrant its completeness or accuracy, and it should not be relied upon as such to view the full squawk on the street disclaimer, please visit cnbc dot com slash squthestreet disclaimer trading at schwaave is powered by a meritragiving you even more specialized support than ever before. Like access to the trade desk are team of passionate traders ready to tackle anything from the most complex trading questions to a simple strategy. Gut check. Need assistance? No problem. Get 20 47 professional answers and live help. And access support by phone, email and in platform chat. That's how Schwab is here for you to help you trade brilliantly. Learn more at Schwab. Com slash trading.
