---
ticker: PLTR
type: podcast_transcript
title: "Closing Bell Overtime: Palantir Earnings, Disney Stock Under Pressure & Bitcoin Reality Check 2/2/26"
podcast: ""
date: 2026-02-02
audio_url: https://dts.podtrac.com/redirect.mp3/cnbc.simplecastaudio.com/d13412e5-373f-49ef-b0d3-745a4f74427f/episodes/297ba814-b56a-44ea-bc4e-0ed60a051daa/audio/128/default.mp3?aid=rss_feed&awCollectionId=d13412e5-373f-49ef-b0d3-745a4f74427f&awEpisodeId=297ba814-b56a-44ea-bc4e-0ed60a051daa&feed=Nh1wIaXT
language: auto
chars: 49499
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# Closing Bell Overtime: Palantir Earnings, Disney Stock Under Pressure & Bitcoin Reality Check 2/2/26

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2026-02-02

---

## Transcript

Tom Steyer, when he says he's going to tax big corporations and the billionaires who own him, he needs it heclose the Trump property tax loophole that costs our state billions, standing with unions to fund schools and single payer guaranteed health care, and who take on Trump because I've been in enough corporate boardroto, know a crook when I see one and fight to abolish ice. Tom Steyer, progressive for governor, paid for by for governor 2026. A rich life isn't a straight line to a destination on the horizon. Sometimes it takes an unexpected turn, with detours, new possibilities and even another passenger or three. And with 100 years of navigating ups and downs, you can count on Edward Jones to help guide you through it all. Because life is a winding path made rich by the people you walk it with. Let's find your rich together. Edward Jones, member sipc. The bells bringing into the trading day at the nysc nysc partnership day ringing the bell. And at the nasdaq, the parent company of the Saudi stock exchange doing the honors. Welcome to closing bell overtime live from studio be at the nasdaq market site. I'm Melissa Lee, along with Mike santoly. Socks jumping today, the Dow up 500 points, the S&P 500 very close to an all time closing high. We'll see how the numbers settle out there. The nasdaq also in the Green, but rustle up just about 1%. Consumer staples, the top sector as Walmart, target, lead the way in the first day under the new CEO's that, by the way, and all time high for Walmart energy, the worst group as oil and that cas tumble much more on those markets straight ahead. Reporters all over today's big movers in stocks, crypto and commodities, plus what's behind Disney's big drop. And we're just moments away from results out of Palantir. But let's start with Christina parneeverus and today's mega cat movers. Christina. Figure was quote, never a commitment and nvidia's filing confirmed about no assurance theyenter into a definitive agreement. Meanwhile, or will share, we're obviously having a difficulty with Christina as Mike. Now we'll start. You guys spend that meantime, but Christina was just mentioning going through oracle Yeah this effort to raise between 45 to $50 billion equally between equity as well as debt. Yeah initially it was taken as a bit of a reason for relief and the stock was up for much of the day. And it was partly because the equity raise was allowing the balance sheet to improve or at least not be as bad as people had feared with more debt. Obviously, the stock gave back some is a little bit on on AI investors minds about just the whole OpenAI ecosystem. And in fact, whether a lot of that investment is going to come, I don't know what your reaction was when you heard the news last night. I was actually surprised that stock was up at all, seeing that free cash flow would be negative. This is not gonna to be the last equity rate they're gonna to have. They're gonna to have to raise money again in 20, 27. It's not I think it was in a very narrow sense that stocks down already 50% off the highs. And they did have a stated commitment to maintain their investment grade credit rso. Clearly, there was some part of the equity investor base that thought maybe that was at risk. And so it came back a little bit, but did sag lower as the overall market did also come in off the highs in the late part of the day. Well, let's get to bitcoin now, which turn higher today after a big drop over the weekend. MacKenzie sagales joins us now with a look at those moves. Hey McKenzie. Hey Mel. So this is crypto getting repriced on the Fed story. After President Trump tapped Kevin warshed, the market shifted into a tighter liquidity mindset and bitcoin broke down with it. The drop was amplified by force deleveraging over the weekend, his largest single day liquidation event in months. Now, the other key tell is the etf wrapper. We're now on a record streak of ten straight days of outflows. And coin shares head of research says the year to date redemptions point to a clear erosion in investor appetite for the asset class. You can see the spillover in the public market proxies coinbasis down nine straight sessions. And Robin Hood is near a seven month low strategy, down about 60% over the past year. And on Cal, shei, traders are marking down the btc range for this year. The contract for bitcoin's 2026 lows around $59000, well below where it was trading just two weeks ago. Guys, mathank you. On the commodities front, silver, similar to bitcoin, firming up a bit after a huge decline. Also saw some big moves in energy today as well. Pippa Stevens covering all that forest. Hi, Peppa. Hey max. We saw a pretty calm day for medals after Friday's historic drop. Silver's 31% plunge bringing it down to just above its 50 day moving average. And btig Jonathan Kinsky saying that while prices could move between 81 hundred, he expects further downside to the primary breakout level near 55. Now Friday's drop, also following a relentless run higher in silver shorts, have lost 286 million this year. That's according to s three partners after prices did briefly break above 120. And moving over to oil shutting about 5% amid a deescalation in us Iran relations, which is easing worries about a potential supply loss. But ngas is the big mover today, plunging some 25% as forecasts for March turned warmer and production comes back online faster than expected following the deep freeze. Now that commodity weakness is hitting energy stocks, the worst sector on the day. Although still the best group so far this year. And Devon is finishing a little bit higher here after announcing it will buy rival driller Coterra for 26 billion. That's according to invvas, and that would be the fourth largest upstream deal since 2020. Mike, Pippa, thank you. Yeah showing how much event risk was in the oil and gas prices apparently going into the weekend on the metals move. Obviously a little bit of calm, at least relevant to what we've seen before, although it shows you how agitated things are that the slv silver etf was down 4% in the regular session. It's actually kind of loosened up its connection to the underlying spot silver price. It just sort of shows, I guess, how much leverage money and how much potential positioning pain that there is in there. It was a little bit less volume in the sv today, so maybe volatility can start to drain out of that market. All right, pier earnings are out right now. Let's get to Morgan Brennan, who's got the numbers there. Morgan? Hey, methat's, right. So pounds your results. It was another beat en raise for the company. Eps of $0.25 adjusted this on revenue of $14 billion, both better than expected. And us revenue is up 93% year on year, topping a billion dollars for the first time for a quarter. Us commercial revenue up 137%, both Q1 and full year revenue forecasts blowing past estimates. $7.2 billion is what's expected for 20, 26 us commercial to grow by at least 115%. Suo Alex carp telling me, quote, it's the us and not Canada. Western Europe thinks they're going to magically catch up. But these are escape velocity numbers. The kech up function that we've been warning people does not exist. Now. Demand for palhere products, he says, is, quote, so large that the company is not even engaging with some allied countries on new products. Now it's really all about America on the AI landscape. Carp adding, quote, we are very focused on palounds here, but what does it mean for other companies when palaners forecasting 61% growth off of a massive base with 93% growth in the us and a rule of 127, guy's rule of 40, score of 127%, you really just don't see that anywhere but palhere results. We're doing this with a small and declining salforce two, according to Alex carp. He also had some comments on ice and some other things for the quarter. Go to cmbbc. Com for more of that conversation. In the meantime, if you take a look at shares of pounds here, we're up about 5.5% here in overtime on these results. All right, Morgan, thank you, Morgan Brennan. Morgan highlighted the commercial number in terms of the percent growth year on year. That was a blowout number and that had to match what analysts were expecting. Morgan has said that it exceeded expectations. So that's going to be a key driver. I think the question here is, can it be immune from that slump hanging over the software seexactly? Yeah. So comparable software valuations have gone down a lot faster than palers has, even though that stock has been weak as well. See how much of this this pop can hold. Yep. Let's turn back to equities in general. Right now, it is turning out to be a very bullish earnings season. According to fact that this is the fifth straight quarter of double digit earnings growth. The growth rate is now near 12%, up from the 8.3% expected at the end of the quarter. Our next guest says she expects earnings momentum to continue. Joining us now is Kate Moore, city wealth chief investment officer. Kate, great to have you with us. Hey, Melissa, that's great to see you. So how much of this great earnings season that you're expecting is already priced into the S&P 500, which is a matter of maybe less than a point away from a new high at this point? Yeah, I don't think it's all priced in. And I'll tell you what, because the skepticism in the market feels still very high. We saw a lot of people get nervous and sort of doubt the sustainability of the tech if AI ecosystem, the spend cycle at the end of the fourth quarter. And I feel like that sentiment has overhung January and into this sort of middle part now of the first quarter. So you know people are watching these numbers. Tech is putting up numbers that are twice out of the overall S&P. We expect that earnings growth momentum to sustain through the rest of this reporting season. And very importantly, what we just saw, you guys were talking about a company that just reported we're getting not just beats but also raises in terms of guidance on revenues. And cabi don't think that the optimism in tech is as high as it was in the middle part of last year. And so I think there's more room for the market to go higher. Yeah, we want to point out the paleners the after our session highs right now higher by about 8%. So we're gonna to see what the earnings call brings us. But just to continue on to this, you know with this tech theme, we have software and we see palender sort of defying the general movement of the sector for the past month plus few months tonight at least. But do you buy into that narrative that software is going to be basically eaten by AI? I mean, what do you think about all these sort of AI narratives in the market now driving broad trades? Yeah. Look, bit the spread here between the hardware and the software has been quite extreme. And as I this is a sentiment peak, I think in terms of the hardware relative to software. Look, there are some software products and new ones, frankly, that are even not on the market that are going to be incredibly important to the overall AI ecosystem. And it does feel like this spread, this divergence is a little bit overdone in the near term. I watched last week in particular to different companies raise their guidance between two and a half and three and a half percent on their AI and AI related spend. And then one trade up, you know that was meta 10%, and the other trade down 10%, which is Microsoft, a very high quality company. So I think there's a lot of discomfort, a lot of itchiness in the investor base at this point, but it does feel this extreme differentiation between software and the rest of tech know is reaching kind of peak levels. Does that mean I'm overly bullish on software? Not necessarily. I think it's going to be a case by case basis. But when we're looking at the overall tech ecosystem, we're getting ourselves pretty encouraged by the amount and breadth of spending that's going to happen in 2026. Again, we're expected ting more CapEx guiraises through the balance of earnings season. And Kate, I guess a big reason that the overall market has been able to withstand some of that weakness in tech is you got this run it hot narrative about the economy. It's actually coming through in terms of the numbers. You look at the economic surprises, we're at like a two year high for the us. How does that work out as we move along when it comes to the interplay with where treasury yields go, what we expect from the Fed? I mean, the dollar up a couple percent in just four or five trading days as well. Yeah, Mike, we've been really encouraged actually by the macro data released so far in 2026 and expect that future releases, including the payrolls data this Friday, is going to continue to signal that the us. Economy is on strong footing. Now I think the second half of 2026 might be a little bit of a different story. But when we think about what's going to be driving earnings, the profitability of companies and what's driving the overall macro backdrop, there's very few areas of significant weakness we see. We have you know the fiscal firing. We think monetary policy, particularly the cuts that took place in the second half of last year, now filtering through the real economy, also supporting economic growth and frankly, you know very strong profitability and very strong free cash generation from the tech side, all kind of powering the market and the economy higher in the first half of the year. But I do want to note you know we're kind of reserving our view on the second half of 20, 26 you know at the time being, for the time being because there may be some more challenges underway as some of these fiscal, monetary and tech spending tailwinds fade a little bit. So when that happens, Kate, what's your view on what happens to both the tech trade, which sounds like you think it's going to be under pressure because the spending might not be there, but also the broadening trade that we've seen industrials doing well today and in recent months as well as some of the other sector's financials, for instance. Well, actually, I think tech will hold up pretty well. Listen, and I'll say this because we actually have a more of a secular growth story there. It's not just the know fiscal and monetary policy stimulus kind of driving things higher. I think when we get to the second half of the year, the calls for caught in broadening out and for people getting excited about more rate sensitive areas will fade a little bit. And theybe really focused on the cash flows, on the earnings and the companies that can continue to deliver through a more moderate economic climate. And know that tends to be these parts of the thematic secular growth. And I think tech and AI relate to that. All right, Kate, thanks, Kate Moore of city. We got some breaking news on two of Elon Musk's companies. Morgan Brennan has the details. Morgan? Hi, Melissa. I'm back. That's right. So we now have a report, this one from Bloomberg, that Elon Musk is planning to, in fact, merge SpaceX with xi is, according to people familiar with the matter, in a deal that has been apparently announced in a memo, although that information is not public yet. Here we've been getting increasing reports and speculation that this could be coming and coming as soon as this week. Now, apparently a report that a memo internally has gone out suggesting this. I've reached out to SpaceX. I will let you know if and when and how I hear back here on this potential deal. But of course, it puts another big AI player, in this case, xai, into the spotlight with this idea of AI infrastructure spending in a day where we're already talking about it, whether it's nvidia and OpenAI or oracle raising more capital to build out its cloud. And of course, it comes on the heels of just a couple of days ago, SpaceX filing with the fcc for the ability to build out and launch as many as a million satellites to space for a space cloud as it builout or considers building out works to build out AI data centers from space. All right, let's up bringing in McKenzie zialist into the conversation. Morgan, stay right there. A big part of this, obviously, is the fact that x AI I McKenzie burns a lot of cash. I mean, this is straight from the Elon Musk playbook of take a company that is burning a lot of cash and merge it with a company that is a little bit more stable and put them together. And it provides ballast to that up and coming company, which would be, in this case, xi. Oh, precisely. You have xi paired up with colossus, which is this massive data center build in Tennessee. And so know you pathat with the fact that it hasn't really struck a chord with enterprise customers. It's struggling to gain appeal with commercial buyers as our retail commercial buyers as well. And so this is a way to offset the spend there, especially with like SpaceX valuation at 800 billion. Xai just closed its round last month of $230 billion valuation there. Bloomberg reporting a combined value of these two companies of 1.25 billion. So if you pair it with the ipo story, it really I mean, in the same way that x was tied into xai. That synergy there is, as you said, Mel, straight out of that playbook, that musk really extized empire together. SpaceX and Tesla also investors in xai. Yeah. Morgan, I guess, I mean, maybe not immediately, but if this becomes a public entity, I think it's going to be a lot of eyes on the SpaceX financials, the reports are you most of the business in terms of revenue is the starlink, obviously, and it's got some government links all over the world. And now you have maybe an AI company connected in with it, which is also a defense contractor. It gets a lot of overlapping interest here. That's right. It certainly does. And as MacKenzie just mentioned, SpaceX has recently invested $2 billion into xai, just as Tesla has as well. Both of these companies, SpaceX and xai I, already contract with the government. And don't forget the starship piece of this, which is largely not baked into the valuation on SpaceX. They've got another starship test flight as soon as next month when that becomes fully operational and goes online. A little bit of pun intended here, but you sky is the limit in terms of what you can launch to space and how quickly you can build it out. Don't forget the idea of AI data centers. And SpaceX is not the only one who is focused on this. There are a number of companies working on this actively as we speak. SpaceX, though, of course, you know, given its track record, getting a lot of attention here, but the idea of unlimited power through solar, solar and cold, cold temperatures in space. So you need to be able to fortify the hardware and actually test the technology and make sure it works. But you're looking at potentially, and musk has talked about this maybe a couple years away fully to have this whole data infrastructure from space. So perhaps why not do this ahead of an ipo that could be the largest ever on record as soon as the summer? A $1.5 trillion SpaceX hitting the market. All right, guys, thank you. Morgan Brennan, as well as MacKenzie siggales. You got to get to nxpi. The earnings are out right now. Christina parnthose, Christina, we are seeing a beat on the top and bottom line. Adjusted eps of $3, $0.35, a little bit higher than what the street anticipate on revenues of $3.34 billion. This is a company that is heavily exposed to the auto industry for that quarter, Q4, they did come in roughly in line with what the street was anticipating in the earnings report. I should say they did reference that the first half of the year was challenging and that the company remains committed to disciplined investment margin expansion, portfolio optimization for the actual margins, though, going into Q1, the current quarter, we're in Q1e margins, sorry, I should say, are coming in at 57%, which is straight in line with what the street was anticipating. Q on eps guide, the midpoint was 2.9$72.97 for the eps, the slightly higher than the street anticipated on Q1 revenue guide of 3.15 billion, so slightly higher. But if you look at the full year picture, revenue actually fell 3% year over year. So automotive in line margins in line too. So perhaps that's why you're seeing the stock down about 3%, guys. All right, Christina. Thanks, Christina. Parts nus coming up and overtime, we'll get instant reaction to palantiers earnings with an analyst who upgraded the stock this morning ahead of results. Risky, but I guess it paid off, at least for now. Palantier is almost that after our session highs up 7% and will dig deeper into what caused Disney's big drop down 7% with sea succession also hanging over the stock. Much more ahead on closing bell overtime live from the nasdaq market site. Tom Steyer, when he says he's going to tax big corporations and the billionaires who own them, he needs it heclose the Trump property tax loophole that costs our state billions standing with unions to fund schools and single payer guaranteed health care. And hetake on Trump because I've been in enough corporate boardroto, know a crook when I see one and fight to abolish ice. Tom Steyer gressive for governor, for governor, 2026. Support for today's episode comes from square. If you've ever tapped to pay and thought, Whoa, I was fast, it was probably square. Square is a platform behind the scenes of so many businesses you already love. Whether someone selling smoothies, cutting hair, facing bikes or running a boutique, square gives them one connected system to take payments, manage inventory, run payroll, send invoices and track it all from one place. This isn't just a point of sale. Square includes hardware that works in person and on the go, software for managing staff, marketing and customer insights, and banking tools like square checking to get paid instantly. Square is smart, transparent and built for the way people actually run their businesses. No contracts, no hidden fees. Right now, you can get up to $200 off square hardware at square com slash go slaclosinbell. That's squ ardot com slash go o slash closing bell. Run your business smarter with square. Get started today. Ready to set yourself up for financial success this year. Monarch is the all in one personal financial tool that brings your entire financial life, budgeting, accounts and investments, net worth and future planning together in one simple dashboard on your phone or laptop. Unlike other personal finance apps, monarch is built to make you proactive by helping you plan ahead for what's next. Tracking your money is easier than ever with monarchs popular data visualizations, including Sankey diagrams, pie charts and more. You can also see a clear visual of your investment portfolio performance compared to the S&P 500. And it's not just about numbers. Monarch helps improve financial conversations too, by allowing you to share your account with a partner or financial advisor. Set yourself up for financial success in 2026 with monarch, the all in one tool that makes proactive money management simple all year long. Use code bell at monarch dot com for half off your first year. That's 50% off your first year at monarch dot com with code bell. Disney, the worst performing stock in the Dow today, falling despite beating on the top and the bottom lines. This morning, the company warned of headwinds from international travel travelers attending domestic parks. And as Disney search for a successor continues, her next guest wonders if the board might be thinking that it's time to look outside of Disney. Let's bring in New York Times columnist and cnbc contributor James Stewart. Jim, great to see you. I'll outside the two people mentioned every reporter, insiders, well, they've said all along they were going to look outside and they had the initially four internal candidates who pretty much thinks it's two. The problem with the two, both of whom people speak very highly of, is that they don't have experience across the company lines. Josh, tomorrow is big in the theme. Parwho doesn't have a lot of Hollywood contacts and experience. Dana Walden, great. And entertainment knows very little about theme parks and I'm told isn't even all that interested in it. So we've got two people with big strengths, but also some weaknesses. But by the way, I haven't heard any evidence that they have looked outside. Not a single rumor, nobody having, you know, been spotted slipping into Disney headquarters. So I'm not sure they actually, in the end, did look, there's some perhaps justification for having a theme parks person atop the company because Disney is now more reliant on that business than they've been often in the past, even though, you know, in some sense they actually have what Netflix is trying to create with Warner Brothers discovery, which is a streaming operation at scale plus the traditional studio. But the theme parks are what's driving things. I mean, I guess that's good news and bad news, but and you look this quarter in the theme parks, are you, what, 75% of the operating income? I mean, that's a huge percentage. And everybody kept thinking that would go away once the kind of the J occur of the streaming thing kicked in. But it doesn't seem to be happening. So I mean, is Disney now essentially an experienced theme park company that just happens also do all this other entertainment and streaming? The problem with that is that's a pretty low multiple business. I mean, look at the cruise lines or look at the hotel chains. That's not the kind of multiple that Disney has previously aspired to. Well, if that's the case too, then that flywheel could be weakened or in jeopardy, right? I mean, the flywheel revolves around entertainment assets powering the visits to the theme park and hotels. No, right? And well, well, first of all, this quarter, the experience only operating income only went up single digit. It wasn't like a huge when it's you need that to feed the theme park interest. And then I think people are also starting to get a little impatient. You look at the declines in operating income in both traditional entertainment and especially sports, which includes espn, which used to be the big money maker for them. And I think people are starting to get worried. When is that you know the profit from streaming and to kick in and know they're even asking is Disney at scale? It is it the marginal player here? Yeah, that is a tricky piece. Although you know I could see being at Disney saying, look, we had utopia two. We have the avatar movie. These are two of the biggest box office draws going. That's going to be an asset we own forever. You know they don't get credit for to the market. Meanwhile, the multiple that you mentioned is down to 16. I know well, you know people are little worried now about the franchise effect. And you know Disney is the king of the franchise. They've executed brilliantly. How long can those franchises run? Like the avatar is doing well, but it's running like a billion behind projections of the last avatar. There is a worry at least on Wall Street that there a certain amount of this franchise fatigue setting in. How do you connect the dots between what is going on with Disney and how the stock has languished even though it has such prize assets and prize content in its library versus what's going on to the broader media world specifically and the war for content? Well, I think the problem for investors in the multiple is where is the growth going to come from? Now I think Bob ager has done a great job at stabilizing this, but we haven't seen any renewed growth trajectory. Meanwhile, you see that really scale players like Netflix and Amazon cashing in here. It's looking more and more like streaming is a super scale business as many people thought it was going to be. And as I said, Disney's kind of the marginal player there. They're not releasing the subscriber numbers now. So we don't know where the growth is, but I'm assuming it's kind of like flat and there's not a lot of huge growth potential there. And in a way, you know Disney kind of consolidated up you know with fox and everything else. They kind of created that already. They're not they're too big really to be in play themselves. And so they're kind of sitting out this round of Yeah, I don't think they don't really have the financial firepower to enter in the bidding for like Warner Brothers right now. And I don't think they would want to do that. But whoever succeeds agager is facing still a very challenging environment. Is Iger's legacy permanently damaged now that he's almost at the end? No. I think people will step back and say, look, you look at the whole trajectory of his career, he did a fantastic job there. Should he have come back when he did? Well, you you can argue that it was a crisis of his own making when he know fumbled this succession the last time. Presumably that means he won't do it again. But I think people are going to look back at him as being you, a visionary leader and someone who did a great job in a very different I do wonder if the sports piece, you know that it has the potential now they're going to bring fubo in there. There's going to be some exposure to betting through a lot of these franchises that they own there. And the sports ecosystem in general is not shrinking. Sports, of course, is the great prize of the streaming era because everybody has to watch it in real time. The problem for that is the sports content creators know that. I mean, so the bidding for these assets is just it's incredible. We saw it happen, you know, with the nba, and I think it's going to become even more extreme as people pay up. And Disney has been kind of giving up some of this stuff to competitors on that. So the costs are really going up. They've moved direct to consumer. We still don't know how much money can they squeeze out of that. The cable glory days, I'm afraid of never coming back. Well, sadly, you're right, I'm sure. Jim, thank you very much. Great to see you. Two anchors on a cable. All right, good to see you again. Stocks rising today along with the dollar strengthening after the Kevin war's fed news last week. But our next guest says the dolcomeback may not last too long. We'll be right back. Tom Steyer, when he says he's going to tax big corporations and the billionaires who own them, he needs it heclose the Trump property tax loophole that costs our state billions standing with unions to fund schools and single payer guarantee health care. And hetake on Trump because I've been in enough corporate boardrooms to know a crook when I see one and fight to abolish ice. Tom Steyer, grefor governor by for governor, 2026. This is the exclusive table with the view. This is your name on the list. This is three times points on dining with chase sapphire reserve and a 300 dining credit. Chase sapphire reserve now even more rewarding. Learn more. Chase com slasapphireserve carissued by jp Morgan chase bank and a member fdic subject to credit approval. Men are struggling with their mental health. To some of the highest rates you've ever seen. The most aren't getting the support they need, and that needs to change. I'm Dr. Guy winch, your host for season three of the visibility gap presented by sigma healcare. This season, we're focusing on men's mental health, bringing together real stories and expert insight to explore the pressures men face every day and why opening up can feel so difficult. Join us for the new season wherever you stream your podcasts. After a volatile January, the dollar is coming into February with a slate game now with losses of less than 1% for the year so far. So what factors will drive the dollar next move? Our next guest says there are reasons for a short term stabilization. Long term, there are obstacles for a sustained move higher. Joining us now is kaleaen, managing director of fx strategy at bk asset management. Kathy, it's great to see you. So what's created this bounce in the dollar? Us dollar index up about 2% in the last week or so, and what can we expect next? There are a number of factors that strithis near term bto the dollar, the first one being the better than expected data. This morning, we had really good ism manufacturing numbers. That's setting the stage for you. Some possible improvement in services and a non farm payills report on Friday that may be good enough. That's one of the reasons. However, the big reason is, of course, the geopolitical picture. Iran talks are intensifying, a sign that a deal could be near while the us government is still shut down. It also looks like a deal could be reached soon. So these two factors that have been really plaguing and hurting the dollar, I think, is starting to ease. And the trade has gone very crowded. We have risk reversals showing the most negative levels since 2011, which tells us that investors are heavily hedged against the dollar. So the trade got crowded. We're seeing a bit of short squeeze on the back of all of these signs that maybe some sort of agreement could be reached on Iran and the us. Government shutdown. Where does the talk of the last couple of weeks that there might be some intervention in the dollar, yen to sort of weaken the dollar against the yen? How does that play into it? You're absolutely right. I mean, den intervention talk has injected some two way action in dolyen, allowing to sell off a bit. But if you take a look look at the move that we've seen lately, it indicates that traders are not convinced that it's going to happen. That even though there were talks that the treasury so us fed checked rates for treasury, that you know, at the end of the day, you we're not going necessarily going to see the coordinated intervention that Japan really needs in order to allow the yen to rise. So I don't think it's a series of a risk coordinated intervention then some of the bigger factors that is going to really plague the dollar in the long term. Longer term though, Kathy, what do you think the us the policy is? I mean, we heard from President Trump something different from secretary becent in just a matter of this, of the span of two days or so. And when it comes to whether or not the us has a strong dollar policy, what is your thinking? How do you interpret those comments? I think at the end of the day, when terms the us dollar, a weaker dollar helps exports, it helps the economy. And that's really what I think President Trump really needs. But in terms of the us dollar direction, what matters beyond everything else is us interest rate differentials. And right now, we're at a point where us interest rate advantages are going to shrink. You have many central banks, maybe even the Reserve Bank, Australia tonight, possibly raising interest rates as the Fed looks to one and even two interest rate cuts this year. One of the things that I think the market is underestimating is basically the willingness of fed chairman, if Kevin marsh becomes fed chairman, to cut interest rates more aggressively than the market is priced in, there's a very good chance that we could see to at least two interest rate cuts this year from the Fed, and that could really be the pressure that drives the dollar down. And then on top of that, you globally, the growth story is improving. A lot of these countries are engaging with trade deals with China and a lot of other nations and you know, excluding the us, and that's going na benefit them because those fit trade terms are more favorable. So I think those two things are the much bigger story affecting the dollar. All right, Kathy, great to see you. Thanks, Kathy. Lean, time now for cnbc news update with Kate Rogers. Kate, I'm Melissa. Trump ally ed Martin is reportedly out of his role as the Justice Department's weaponizations are and is working mainly as a Pardon Attorney. Three people familiar with the matter told ms now that the move comes after a long gstanding feud between Martin and Deputy Attorney General Todd Blanche. He was named the leader of the working group last spring that is investigating prosecutors wholaunched probes into President Trump. The Russian captain of a container ship that crashed into a us tanker off the east coast of Britain last year was found guilty today of gross negligence manslaughter of a crew member. The Portuguese flagship collided with the tanker last March, sparking a huge fire that burned for eight days. And major league baseball salary increases slowed to 1.4% last year, according to numbers from the Players Association. Still, the league set a record average at $4.7 million, up from 4.6 million last year. Those figures are based on 20, 25 salaries and bonuses for roughly 1000 players. Back over to you, Melissa. Kate, thanks, Kate Rogers coming up on overtime, we'll get an analyst first reaction to palers results to stock moving higher after our session, much more on palhere and the move higher by about 7.4% when overtime continues. Welcome back to closing bovertime line from the nasdaq market side. The Dow jumping more than 500 points today. The S&P closing just two point short of an all time high. The nasdaq higher by half a percent, a 1% gain. Meantime, for the Russell in commodities, the action was in energy today, 4% drop for oil, big jump for ngas. Gold, small loss there. Silver, small gain. Bitcoin also moving higher by nearly 2%. Let's get another check on palenhere. The stock is soaring in the after hour session, up by almost 7% right now after reporting earnings beat to moments ago. Some highlights, us revenue up 93% year over year, topping a billion dollars for the first time ever. Us commercial revenue, that was a key line item that analysts were watching for, up 137%. And the company also blew past estimates for the first quarter and full year revenue estimates. Our next gas upgrade of the socked out performed this morning. Let's bring William Blair, analyst Louis de Palma. Louis, great to have you with us. Are you breathing asigh of relief? It takes a lot to go out on the limb upgrading a stock the day before you know the morning of reports. Yeah, we do that fairly often. I wouldn't necessarily say it's a sigh of relief. We have general like twelve month focus on where the stock should end up. And Alan shares, they've been very volatile over Yeah the past several months. So well, I was going to ask you about that because even even if it's a great even if you believe it's a great business, even if you believe that it is worth the forward pe that it's trading out, which somewhere I don't know, in the upper echelons of where companies are valued, maybe it's number two or number three at this point. It's still in the software sector and that sector is really facing evaluation compression at this point and it's indiscriminate. So how do you reconcile the two? Yes, it's interesting how you categorize it in the software sector because I'm am an aerospace and defense analyst, I come from examining Palantir with a unique angle with a focus on department of war contracts. And what's interesting is, you know while there's been major valuation compression for software stocks, drone stocks and missile stocks have gone through the roof in terms of their valuations. So Palantir is a key supplier to made many of the weapon systems you in our know, we highlighted how they forged a major contract with general dynamics Electric Boat to help accelerate production of Columbia class nuclear powered submarines. And Palantir is a beneficiary of a potential $1.5 trillion defense budget for 2027. There's different dynamics taking place with Palantir and the other software stocks. Louis, I guess there's you could be any number of explanations for why the stock has come in as hard as it has. Obviously, the sectors has been weak, but also there's a perception out there that, you know, under a different party's administration, palaltwo may not be in favor with the defense budget and things like that. So is that in the stock at this point? Or how do you tell investors to think about that? Well, like palantiers still did very well during the Biden administration. They grew at a mid 20% type growth rate. You know they won the prototype contract for maven smart system. They won the prototype contract for the heightened battlefield system. So palantier will still do very well under a Democratic regime, but palantier will do better under a Republican regime. So I think you know there is a balance and that is you know generally priced in, but you investors, and it will cross that bridge when they get there. Right now, palantiers thriving and they will continue to thrive over the long term regardless of the administration. It's just a matter of degrees here. All right. So the stock is holding most of those gains, up almost 8% back to levels from last week or so. Louis, got good to talk to you. Thank you. Yes, thanks for having me on. All right, let's stay with tech. Oracle giving up early session gains after announcing AI financing plan sema. Modi has the details. Hi, sema. Hey, Michael. Oracle is surprising the market today by including plans to issue equity in its latest artificial intelligence financing plan to move initially cheered by the credit side as its signaled oracle is relying not just on the debt market and is its commitment to investment grade credit rating. Take a look at what we saw in the five year credit default swab, really restoring confidence. We saw the five year cds plunged today by as much as 17 to 18 percent oracle stock and initially responded positively to this news. But by midday, shares of oracle reversed as the street focused on those stalled discussions between nvidia and OpenAI and the implications that could have for oracle. Keep in mind, OpenAI accounts for nearly 60% of oracle's mega backlog. Now oracle guys may be the first hyperscalar to go back to the debt market in 2026, but it's certainly not expected to be the last. We are expecting deals from meta and others in the coming weeks, but those are expected to be all debt. The one differentiation here was oracle using equity as well, guys, right? Yeah. Once you get through these earnings reports, you're going to see a lot of these companies file the ten q and get those debt deals out. Sema, didn't oracle come out and try to essentially say that the OpenAI nvidia talks are not really relevant to its plans? You know for the longest time, or I just say in the last three months, the company has been defending its diverse set of customers, saying it's not just relying on OpenAI. I think back to the last earnings reports saying it's got customers like nvidia, amd, meta as well. But when you look at the backlog, dolthree hundred billion dollars of its lar, 523 billion in remaining performance obligations, that backlog is tied to opai. But of course, the company is working to diversify and expand its roster of customers as it focuses now on getting the capital, which through this deal is they're hoping to get about 50 billion. But now the focus turns to execution and the build out of its data centers to serve all these customers. Sema. Thanks, sema. Modi. Big moves in a couple names after ours. Terodine a big jump after beating on earnings and revenue estimates, saying its growth is driven by strong AI demand in compute and memory. Rambis, meantime, sinking after meeting earnings expectations, beating on revenue by it just a slim margin. Well, bitcoin investors have been holding on for dear life lately, the cryptocurrency plunging nearly 30% over the last three months. Up next will discuss the potential headwinds that could push bitcoin even lower. Bitcoin fell below $80000 for the first time since April, although it has pared, ired back some of those losses. And crypto players like Robin Hood, coinbase and strategy had been under pressure. Strategy in particular got hit after bitcoin prices dipped below the company's average purchase cost of its bitcoin reserves. Joining us now to discuss crypto and its ecosystem is Mark Palmer, analysts from benchmark stonex. And mark, it's great to have you on here. I mean, so many explanations for why we've had this pretty severe move lower in bitcoin. What's your diagnosis? I think there are a few different factors at play here. One is the fact that there is on the table a piece of legislation in the Clarity Act, a market structure bill that would create a legislative framework for crypto for the first time and, in our view, unleash an enormous amount of institutional investment in the crypto space. And it appears to be hung up right now in the Senate. We did see the Senate Agriculture Committee PaaS that bill on a party line last week, but it's now before the Banking Committee. And there have been some contentious conversations back and forth between the banking lobby on the one side and the crypto community on the other. Today, there was a meeting at the White House. It did sound hopeful that there appeared to be a lowering of temperature, trying to find common ground on that. But in the absence of that bill, there's just a lot of uncertainty around the crypto space, which leaves it much more vulnerable to macro crosswinds, which is really what we've seen over the last number of weeks. I want to ask you about a strategy, mark, because have you put out a report a while ago on MicroStrategy when it was micstrategy? What is your thinking? Because you're saying that bitcoin have to go a lot, lot lower in order for MicroStrategy to be in trouble, so to speak. Can you walk through that? Because we're nearing the level where we're going to be below their average cost of acquisition for bitcoin. But you say 12000 plus is a level that's right. Now what it really comes down to is that the company has a very resilient capital structure, and it has been designed to withstand just this kind of downturn. So if you look at the capital structure that the company has put in place, has a little more than $8 billion in convertible notes and then another 8.4 billion in what are known as perpetual preferred shares. Now this is the closest thing to permanent capital that you can have in in capital structure. Frankly, we believe it's the ideal instrument to be funding a digitalized, set treasury strategy because there's no maturity, there are no triggers, no debt covenants, none of this. So what it really comes down to is the company has about $8 billion in so called debt in terms of the converts, which come due between 2028 and 2032. Right now, the company has something like $55 billion in bitcoin. So the price of bitcoin would have to drop precipitously to get to the point that the company could no longer cover its debt, which is really what the test would be with regard to the company's ability to move on. Mark, great to see you. Thank you, Mark Palmer. Up next, look at all the big earnings on top for tomorrow and whether those results could help extend today's rally closing bill over time. Live in the nasdaq market site. Be right back. Let's get you set up with tomorrow's trade today. It's a big day in the earnings calendar with Merck, Pfizer, pay pal, PepsiCo and Capri holdings reporting before the bell. And then after the bell will break down results from amd, super micro, amjin, chipotle and mandilies. And on the economic front, we'll get January auto sales data. And we're also expecting a final vote in the house of representatives tomorrow that could end the current partial government shutdown. But in the meantime, we do know that we won't be getting the jobs out on exactly. So the calendar got a little bit lighter, although with amd tomorrow after the close, I mean, obviously, that's that's a pretty big mover. And then I was you saying on Friday that the reaction to palers numbers maybe we'll have a little bit of sort of pinball effect on some other things. Take a look at palantier relative to the shares of Robin Hood over the last year. In fact, tracthis, for a while, they've been in lockstep for actually the better part of two years, as a matter of fact. Now who knows if that means Robin Hood gets some relief? Because obviously, the weakness in crypto has been one of the factors that's really been weighing it down, but it shows you that it's sort of retail trade or risk appetite seem very connected to both of these stocks. Absolutely. And take a look at the after hours move on, palenhere. We're still seeing the stock hang on to those gains. It was interesting to hear about how Louis de Palma, the analysts who upgraded Palantir ahead of the results, viewed it as a defense company. It is a defense company. But if you're going to do largely yes, evaluation is completely different in a defense company. Oh, actually, I did treated 100 times earcompany, although mental to his point, those drone companies in the space companies, maybe they do, but they're they're not as big. Exactly. All right. Well, that does it for overtime. Fast money begins right after this quick break. This is the chase sapphire lounge of Boston Logan. You got clam chowder in New York, dirty martini, over 13 hundred airport lounges and one car that gets you in chase sapphire reserve. Now even more rewarding. Learn more at chase. Com slash sapphire reserve cards issued by jp Morgan chase bank and a member fdic, subject to credit approval.
