---
ticker: HIMS
type: youtube
title: "Hims & Hers 2025 Recap + 2026 Predictions"
channel: "Hims House"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_jST9jIkDY
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 50983
---

# Hims & Hers 2025 Recap + 2026 Predictions

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Hims House
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_jST9jIkDY

## 转录全文

Himm House episode 51. My name is Jonathan Stern. I'm here as always with Patrick Lester who goes by the name Bayside in the Hims Discord. It has been probably two or three months. So, welcome back Bayside. Lots to discuss today. I want to do at least 2025 recap thoughts on recent news and state of the company and then hopefully leave some time for 2026 predictions as well. But first, how are you doing? It has been a while. How have you been? &gt;&gt; I am doing well. Certainly have not had the high profile I had earlier in the year in the Discord, but number of reasons for that. Some changes in my own portfolio, but a lot of it is due to the fact that I was working towards retirement and here it is. So, uh, lest anyone thinks I'm kicking back with a cocktail at the beach or anything, I do have a three-year-old who, uh, keeps me busy, uh, and very sane. Yes, I still have to deal with, uh, with accidents and things of that nature. So, it's not exactly glamorous, but it's good. I'm very happy. &gt;&gt; So, we've had a fair amount of news probably since the last time we did an episode together. I could run through it and then maybe get your thoughts on what is most uh important or pertinent to talk about or what is most interesting to you. There's the labs launch that happened now two or three months ago. uh we got testosterone, we got menopause, we had a formal expansion into the UK for weight loss and now we have him branded him and hers branded websites uh and the comp so-called comprehensive weight loss program in the UK. We got Canada. We got two acquisitions. One of a Canadian company called Live Well, which enabled that expansion. And then one of a I think Bostonbased micro needle company called Your Bio. We got Deb Aur as the chief policy officer moving from the board to a formal um executive room uh position. chief policy officer and we have a $250 million share buyback. In in the press release there, they sort of indicated that they see an opportunity to repurchase shares at what they perceive to be a discount of fair value. We also got Q3 earnings, so maybe an opportunity to People keep asking if we're going to do a recap. I think we're honestly closer to Q4 earnings than &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; than Q3. So, we we can hit we can hit on Q3 earnings, but um you know, 599 million in revenue. Um margin compression a little bit. Uh I don't know if there's anything else that's worth noting. Um but yeah, I'll turn it over to you after. There's probably a lot worth noting. Turn it over to you after that. Um &gt;&gt; what &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, what stands out there that you'd like to comment on? &gt;&gt; I would say what I would comment on is some themes that connect a lot of the things you were just saying as opposed to the specifics of any one of them. So, my thoughts, I mean, some folks will remember uh in the Discord certainly that I had moved in a more bearish direction over the summer and there were a couple of reasons for that. one of which turned out not to happen and one of which is still I think an issue today. Start with the one that didn't happen. I was pretty worried that um that we were going to see some some kind of deal between the Trump administration and pharma around MFN and then possibly exchange for that a contract uh basically cracking down on compounders. Number of people including you uh were skeptical skeptical of that and you were right. So that should be said. Um, and I I'm I confess even to this day I'm a little surprised that there was not some deal in that direction, especially since uh some of the folks like Cali Means weren't exactly being super friendly towards him back in the day. But nevertheless, uh, you know, it should be stated Jonathan was right on this one. &gt;&gt; Well, thanks. I mean, &gt;&gt; I didn't say there was a 0% chance low. &gt;&gt; I mean, you were more right than I was on this one. In your in your defense though, Asad, the war against compounders continues at the state level and in courtrooms. And so even though a deal wasn't reached as part of MFN, compounding could still be under pressure in 2026. We'll see. &gt;&gt; Should be. Although I would say at this point, if anything was going to be happening soon, it would have happened already. So I think most of that danger &gt;&gt; Okay. Well, there's the we we I didn't mention the SAFE Act and now there's something going on in Indiana. So, there are a few things to &gt;&gt; We can come back to those things. &gt;&gt; We'll come back. But you're right. There was no deal in the Oval Office that banned compound. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Um, that said, there was a second thing that caused me to uh to really uh pause my my position in in hymns, and that was I was really concerned about the slowdown in revenue. And to my knowledge, and you can correct me if I'm missing anything, I think that's still potentially an issue. I mean, we're looking at getting Q4 results in a month or so. I've seen some of the estimates that you had and what you thought the revenue might look like uh for the full year. It sounds like maybe um we could be missing at least the analysts estimates um and perhaps at the low end of what the uh company had given in terms of their own guidance. I'll let you comment on that. For me, the big issue is this. At least the numbers that I've seen suggest that we might see Q over Q revenue drop to like the 3% range. And again, I'm going to defer to you on this. You may have looked at it more closely. For me, that's a concern. It was a concern back in the summertime. It's still a concern now. And the issue is we've got all of these really interesting things happening, which you just ran through, including uh international expansions, which I've always been bullish on, perhaps more so than others. You've got new categories, menopause, uh, testosterone, and some other things that are in the works, wearables, and so forth. The problem with the new categories, which are great, the problem with the new categories is that typically this company has not really ramped any new categories to the point where they've had a meaningful impact on say the the top line for like a year. Uh now now weight loss was a bit of an exception to that but generally speaking that's been the the this how long it has taken. So that leaves me in the short term still concerned about revenue growth and I think that explains a lot of the the poor price action. I think we're at this point where HIMS could every could execute perfectly. You know they could do buybacks and get those those shares that for cheap just as they said but it's not assured. there's still risk there. And and I when I was in HIMS years ago, I felt it was an easy buy. This was before the weight loss when you were typically getting 80 to 100% year-over-year growth. And it was and and for those who knew how to reverse engineer some of the numbers they were putting out there, it was pretty easy to see that they were um essentially a company that was on its way to profitability. It was super easy. And oh my goodness, 80 to 100% year-over-year growth even before weight loss was a dream. We're not in that position today. So that that's the big the big issue to me that connects all those dots that you put out there a few minutes ago is how likely and what is the schedule for ramping towards being that growth company which they had said when we did earnings a year ago uh they gave us that five-year projection you know of roughly 22% um compounded annual growth. uh 22 23% I think got us to the numbers that they gave us for 2030 and we're not looking at that at least as far as I can tell coming out of Q4 rather. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So we're still in we don't yet have the full story of 2025 yet. I want to note just like just to hammer home what you said, even many of the most vocal bears um two years ago, three years ago were bullish on HIMS back then as you were and and you've you've remained bullish or neutral I think to your like HIMS did not have a red year in 2025. Let's remember this stock was up &gt;&gt; that's true. &gt;&gt; Stock was up 30 40%. &gt;&gt; That's reasonable for any stock. It lagged certain data center names, right? It lagged certain space names, lagged certain memory AI memory names, but but it but it &gt;&gt; it was [snorts] green and it beat &gt;&gt; Micron for anyone listening &gt;&gt; and it &gt;&gt; SanDisk and its beat the NASDAQ, right? And it beat the S&amp;P fine. But even two years ago, people like Allan Lutz were of of Bank of America were bullish on HIMS. He was the biggest I think bull on Wall Street for multiple years at least for one year. Um and he's of course been a little bit more bearish recently. I I want to well there are some names on Twitter as well who we don't have to mention but who were also bulls for a time. &gt;&gt; Okay. So So let's let's talk a little bit more about revenue 2030. It's the $6.5 billion figure, 1.3 billion in adjusted IBIDA. &gt;&gt; Am I remembering it correctly? That that works out to about 22% revenue growth a year. &gt;&gt; I I think that's exactly right. Something like that. 22 or 23. Um, and we don't have the Q4 numbers. Uh but well well there's something to talk about actually which is that the credit card data from Bloomberg was as unpredictive of the revenue as it's been in a long time. I think if you just were to use right a simple correlation it would have missed by like 4%. &gt;&gt; And because there's a lot of missing pieces like the international and things of that nature. Well, &gt;&gt; there are two there are I think two poss maybe three possibilities and we can run through them. Number one is that like the sample was just less predictive this time of revenue for whatever reason. I sort of discount that. &gt;&gt; Second option is that Zava was wildly understated and that I think analysts were expecting like and him said 25 million. What if it was 30 million? What if it was 40 million? We don't know. and they didn't break that out. And so that that may be um responsible for part of the difference there. The third possibility of course is deferred revenue, which is just like how they're counting revenue this quarter versus future quarters. Maybe there is a bigger bump for Q3. Hard to know if that bump will translate to Q4 as well or if some of the stuff was counted in Q3 that will not. It's just so hard to say with deferred revenue because it is a black box. Um, company sometimes gives us insight into how they're counting, but it continues to be a black box and makes it difficult to predict revenue. In any case, the credit card data was less predictive than usual. If you go off of the credit card data for this quarter, hymns will miss and they as you were talking about um they there will be a quarter overquarter uh drop um in revenue. So &gt;&gt; even if they don't get a drop in revenue, let's imagine, okay, the the numbers, &gt;&gt; right? At best it'll be a couple percent as you were saying, 2% 3% which is um a long way from what it was a couple years ago. &gt;&gt; My guess is it won't drop quarter over quarter, but you know, a two or 3% revenue gain is a I mean it it's fine for a normal company, but this is still supposed to be a growth stock and I think it is priced accordingly. you continue to put most emphasis on quarter over quarter, not yearover-year growth rates. Is that right? I know you were earlier in the &gt;&gt; Yeah, and that's still true. Mostly because um the year-over-year is is well, it it's a little different now. uh before the year-over-year was you were comparing a lot of post GLP1 numbers to mostly preg numbers or at least you know when it was much earlier in the ramp and now we're kind of at the back end of that and so potentially the the year-over-year numbers if anything might be a little less I have to see what they are because I can't remember but but they might be they're just not as as good a read in my view as Q over Q for and that that's been true for me for a while now. Obviously, if Q over Q numbers jump around, but I think this stock is priced and people can can argue over valuations, which is fine. My own way is I, you know, I just if I if I can look at net income, great. Otherwise, uh operating income, I know a lot of people like to look at cash flow. All of those things are fine. But in very back envelope terms, we're looking at roughly 50 cents of earnings a year. And for me, a 50 PE on a forward basis is fine if you've got if you're hitting 20% revenue growth, which in theory they are if they hit those long-term numbers. &gt;&gt; I think even next year they're going to guide to close to that. &gt;&gt; Fif how much do you think? I think they'll guide to close%. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, so that's a big question. All right. And I I &gt;&gt; Yeah, I could be very wrong. I want to talk about where you we expect them to be in 2026, but let's let's slow down. &gt;&gt; Let me finish this one point because I want to come but I do want to come back to that point. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Um so so for me, I think this helps explain I mean my point of view is just one of many, but I think it explains some of the reason why the stock has not been performing as well. So for me uh a good price for a stock that's growing around 20% with around you know the the financial port uh profile that this one has would be$25 to $30 right now if and that's assuming it is hitting 20%. But with the risk profile there's a chance that it doesn't even hit it and and you know I'm just one person take it with a gigantic grain of salt. um you know and getting it so those numbers are solid as opposed to we think they're going to hit 20%. Makes all the difference in the world. I mean so the stock in this is in this weird place where I could see it going down to 25 if you get bad guidance or even lower bad guidance you know in a month. Uh and the numbers quarter over quarter aren't great. I could see it blowing up to the upside. It just it's just a lot of risk right now, both downside and upside. So, it's really hard to figure out. &gt;&gt; Just to confirm, not a stock you would ever be short, right? &gt;&gt; Oh, no, no, no, no, no. I'm not a big fan of being short anyway. I mean, goodness. I mean, think about whatever people have their own opinions. What What's the downside? You I don't know what price you you've magically decided to short the stock, but let's imagine you shorted uh HIMS at 50 bucks and now it's 30. Okay. Okay, so you made, you know, 30% of your money or something like that. 35 or 40 maybe. There's so many other long plays that are going to make that better. So, I just I'm not a big fan of shorting generally. And there's so many out of the blue things that you can, oh, him struck a deal with this pharma company or it's all the things and then next thing you know, the stock's up to 60 in no time. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. I would avoid shorting something like this even if you're even if you're bearish on the name. Okay. Let although yeah um I want to talk about the competitive landscape because I think I think the fragmentation and the explosion of smaller teleaalths that are now undercutting him on certainly the price of GLP1s but probably also other treatments uh is to blame for some of the revenue slowdown and the and the risk to the valuation as well and the risk to future growth. I mean even let's just talk a little bit about the alt data that we track at him house app rankings we observed him as the number one tellahalth app really on the planet for uh over a year recently surpassed on a daily and weekly um scale by row in fact I don't think him or hers have have been have been above &gt;&gt; is that true when you add him his him and hers together &gt;&gt; well right so I I don't think him or hers on their own have been above row in a in close to a month. Previously they were both averaging I think ahead of row. At least him was ahead of row. Look when you put them together and you go to sensor tower for like a uh estimate of downloads him plus hers is still greater than row. Right? And if like if you look at web traffic, HIMS plus hers is still greater than row. There's no doubt about that. Um and there's no doubt that HIMS has more revenue than row and there's no doubt that HIMS is the king of tellahalth still. However, the competitive landscape I think has thickened and I'm not even talking about row. I'm talking about all of the smaller GLP startups that are undercutting him on price. I think they've sh haven't they shifted their marketing strategy in response to that? &gt;&gt; What do you mean by that? Maybe. &gt;&gt; Well, so forgive me if I'm wrong about this, but what I thought I'd picked up was, and this has been sort of brewing for quite a while, at least a year, an increased shift toward brand and platform and away from specific verticals. So, for instance, if you are a GLP1 marketer and you're out there marketing, here's how to get, you know, uh, compounded weight loss medications, that's an extraordinarily competitive uh, vertical these days. I mean, it all probably always was, but especially these days. On the other hand, if you're shifting towards marketing the HIMS platform, which includes an array of solutions for various issues and you you're you know partnering that with uh wearables and things of that nature, you're not so much uh doing a a category ad as you are a teleaalth ad essentially. What I don't know is how effective those are. So I think I saw somewhere in the discord some discussion around a possible Super Bowl ad and that that would be the focus. Whereas last year the focus was on hims and GLP1 and we're you know fighting the man for you and that kind of stuff. Um this time I thought I saw people talking about the possibility of it being more of a platform oriented ad and brand based ad. &gt;&gt; I think that's right. I think so. Yeah. Worth mentioning that um member of the community Jarretts &gt;&gt; he's great. I love him. &gt;&gt; Ren named Jarrett who goes by nurse Jar Bear or Jar Bear RN something like that on Twitter. same guy um has done some research and is predicting Super Bowl ad &gt;&gt; which would be I think that'd be great which uh a new membership program &gt;&gt; which sort of has deer's stamp all over it if we're going to be thinking more seriously about a subscriptionbased uh revenue model potentially &gt;&gt; as well as product launches of cholesterol and then the and and I think a couple peptides Besides those that are legal, although I want to talk about the &gt;&gt; we do we should possibility. &gt;&gt; Dude, I don't really love the the the statin thing. I mean, you can get your your prescription statins for like two bucks. [laughter] &gt;&gt; You don't need to &gt;&gt; those will be cheap meds, but um I mean they they have this labs product, right? And if you do if you do the labs and you register as needing something like that, it's nice to be able to get it through the HIMS platform. And so I I think it's nice, but it will Yeah. I mean, it's just they're very cheap, so I don't know that that'll do much for revenue, but but um Tzepide. &gt;&gt; And and finally, &gt;&gt; nurse Jar is predicting Tzepide plus B12 is the thing that they're going to roll out. What I'll say is that we know that HIMS relies on strive. We know that they rely on strive for GLP1s. uh and Strive supposedly Tzepide is Strive's biggest product. They both now both hims and Strive have these massive campuses in Mesa. I don't know that they're next door, but I think they're like, sorry, Mesa, Arizona. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I didn't know that that's where I knew where they were. &gt;&gt; Three or five minutes away. &gt;&gt; Um I they may be next door. I don't know. I don't know the map fully. &gt;&gt; They're very close. the management teams I think know each other, right? How could they not if they're that close and they're like &gt;&gt; HIMS is a big customer of Striv. And so we'll see um we'll see what happens with Tzepide, but Jarretts is now predicting that we will get Tzepide I think he's saying in the next week or two. So something &gt;&gt; big fan of his going back forever. So I'm I I'm assuming we'll see if his information is right. Here's my concern about this. And &gt;&gt; yeah, there was a lot there. So yeah, &gt;&gt; my only concern is uh so so whatever we ran a we uh HIMS ran a uh a Super Bowl ad a year ago and it had uh in my view underwhelming impact certainly on credit card data. Um you're smiling. &gt;&gt; Well, that's interesting. You you're right that it didn't inlect. However, um a couple ad analyzers online said that it was a top five ad. You had web traffic through the roof. Google trends through the roof and it was &gt;&gt; continues to be the biggest quarter for hims in terms of GLP1s. Um &gt;&gt; yeah but that was for other reasons I &gt;&gt; commercial the reason why I mentioned it &gt;&gt; commercial dose semiglutide at at that point anyway you're right credit card data did did not really inlect like &gt;&gt; right this is what I don't know and this this is ignorance uh anyone who's listening can take this with a gigantic grain of salt um I just don't know how effective Super Bowl ads are great you're getting the the largest you know group of eyeballs that you'll ever see but I I just don't know enough about like, okay, Hims runs an ad. You know, we've got this platform, it says this and that, whatever it is. People will probably remember Hims, especially if they do something interesting with the ad. But, um, how many how many how much traffic does it actually drive? How many how many subscriptions does it drive? I just don't understand the economics of a Super Bowl ad well enough to know exactly what impact that's going to have. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think people are always skeptical about the impact because it's so hard to quantify. All I know is that that ad was talked about all year. &gt;&gt; The FDA was upset about that ad six months later, which like, okay, maybe hims could have done something differently to &gt;&gt; mean &gt;&gt; make the FDA less angry, but in my view, that's sort of a good thing that people are still talking about it. &gt;&gt; Uh, &gt;&gt; well, we'll see. &gt;&gt; We'll see. I don't know that we'll have an ad this year. I think we'll find out in the next week or so. But &gt;&gt; well, Jarrett, if you're out there listening, uh I'm betting that it is because you're pretty good at at nailing things uh accurately. So, we'll see. &gt;&gt; Real quickly on the topic of turppetide, um any thoughts about that? &gt;&gt; I mean, it seems like a natural thing to do. My my my interpretation &gt;&gt; the question would be um why haven't they rolled it out already? I think the reason is because &gt;&gt; hundreds of other hundreds of other telealths around the country that continue to to sell turppetide. I recently talked to the founder of a smaller GLP1 startup and I mentioned this on Twitter &gt;&gt; um smaller GLP-1 startup 90% of his customers that are going through the flow are demanding or asking for tzepide. There's almost no like for new customers there's almost no appetite for semiglutide anymore. People know that Tzepite is the premium option and yeah it just it it it is curious that HIMS has not started selling it. Andrew of course said that it's due to dosing. However, hundreds of other telealths are selling it and making I think billions. Um I don't know what the compounded market is. I always assumed there was a legal angle that was the real explainer, but I might be wrong about that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, question question is why haven't they started selling to Epatite? &gt;&gt; That's been my interpretation. I mean, uh I felt that that the the the loopholes, if you want to use that word, you know, the ability within the law, uh to do what was needed was easier with Novo and and it was just a bit tighter with Tepatide. And so it was just a riskreward. Um but maybe things have changed now. Uh Novo isn't the same. You know, generic semaglutide uh is not, you know, isn't selling as well. It was it was always true that tepatide was more effective. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I think even if there is some added legal risk and I don't know what that means exactly, maybe there's a risk of Lily suing, right? And there was never a risk of Novo suing. You you still think Nova won't sue? Is that your &gt;&gt; It's a little late in the game for them to be doing it now. &gt;&gt; Okay. I tend to agree with that. I mean, maybe Lily has indicated to him that they will sue the moment there's an announcement. I don't know. &gt;&gt; Could be, &gt;&gt; but apparently they haven't have that. &gt;&gt; Maybe maybe they're still holding out hope for a Lily partnership. It seems like Lily doesn't care for him. So, I I don't know. &gt;&gt; No, they don't want anybody who's doing any of uh weight loss drugs. Yeah, we'll see what happens with TZepide. Andrew said they wouldn't offer it, but I mean he tweeted something. I think if the revenue situation gets sufficiently dire that there's going to be added incentive to roll out something like Tzepide. Um, and so I think we very well may see Turzetide. Uh, but Jarrett is now saying we'll see Terside. We'll see. We'll see what happens there. And Andrew, I should mention Andrew. Andrew in the last earnings call I think for the first time mentioned GIPs that there will be GIP. Yeah. Do you want to explain that why that is? &gt;&gt; Uh from a biological explain the biology. No I I don't want to explain that. Do you can you &gt;&gt; where's your uh your bio degree? So if I'm I'll I'll take a shot uh as an ignorant non-medical person. uh I believe uh a GLP versus GIP is the number of agonists or something like that. So it's like it's like triple action or something like that's an ext there's an extra thing that's in there which is why it's more effective &gt;&gt; probably more uh I think I've heard some people saying that it is probably stronger against patent uh claims as well. I know that we no no update on this recently. So I'll I'll tell you that um or we we I have we we haven't had a podcast to give an update but empower lost the patent dispute with Lily. So uh Tzepide stands the crown jewel tzepide patent stand &gt;&gt; I didn't I actually didn't know that. So that's news to me but it makes sense. There you go. That's another reason. Uh, I mean it always felt seemed to me like tepatide was was just tougher legally. You had more wiggle room with uh with semiglutide. &gt;&gt; We'll see. &gt;&gt; Peptides. Any any new thoughts on peptides? Have you started injecting Bayside? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. I'm interested uh as an uh age older age dude who'd like to, you know, keep things all working. And so I'm interested in some of the promises that are in tied to some of them, but no, I haven't done anything like that. Um, it's an interesting category. Certainly remember some of the podcasts that we did on it. Uh, I don't have a unlike because I did tremendous research around the legality of the personalized um, GLPS. Uh, I have done anything like that on the peptides. I just don't have a solid understanding nor do I really have a solid understanding of the market. I mean, I've seen &gt;&gt; some of the boosters out there claim, you know, that it's going to be off the charts. Maybe. I don't know. I doubt I'm, let me put it this way. I'm skeptical that the demand's off the &gt;&gt; We'll have to wait and see. Search I think you'd be impressed by search interest on Google Trends. I think I think you'd be impressed if you went to one of the San Francisco raves &gt;&gt; uh that were called the peptide rave, &gt;&gt; but it it is &gt;&gt; it it's not clear to me how widespread usage is. These things sort of spike first in uh communities like San Francisco, cities like San Francisco, and take longer to uh uh spread across the country. And I mean I'm in New York and even here I don't I was talking to my friends recently none of them had heard of peptides. So maybe my friends are a little more traditional or less &gt;&gt; prone to inject themselves with stuff than &gt;&gt; techies in San Francisco. But uh yeah, we'll see. I it I mean I think Andrew mentioned BPC57 and some others that he definitely wants to have on the platform as soon as possible. &gt;&gt; I remember correctly. That's one of the ones that's pretty well studied. &gt;&gt; Probably the most popular sort of illegal peptide, not illegal but not allowed to compound. Category 2 bulk list peptide is BPC-157 and there have been rumors that that bulk list will be revised soon though we've not gotten any announcement from RFK or McCary or the FDA on that. So um many are saying it will come soon. Huberman has said it will come but uh still nothing. &gt;&gt; All right. Well, he would I would think be in a position to potentially know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. [snorts] &gt;&gt; Do we want to move to 2026 or anything else to say about this? Actually, one more thing. One more thing. Basic. I wanted to ask you this. &gt;&gt; In the Q3 earnings report, &gt;&gt; Andrew said we are in active talks with Novo. What's What's going on there? &gt;&gt; That's funny. I remember when we were talking about this in one of our last podcasts and I felt like the breakup felt like it was a bad breakup between, you know, in a a relationship because it was far more emotional and uh than you would expect um corporate uh people to be when it comes to something like this. I mean, whatever this, you don't expect that kind of stuff. And like the the press releases came out and I said, "Wow, that's like your former girlfriend who really hates you." And so it was just bizarre to me. And then here they are again. I was like, "Oh, bad breakup, but you couldn't quite quit on each other, huh? That that's funny." So I have sort of this like what's going on here, guys? But in a sense, as much as I'm sort of ridiculing it, um I always felt, and this is a bigger issue, I always felt, and you may, I'm sure you remember this, one of my bull cases, and it and the souring of that particular uh relationship ended up affecting me a lot as I'm sure you remember because I felt that &gt;&gt; there's a lot of really interesting forwardlooking stuff that's out there in the medical world that hymns could be part of potentially. like pep peptides but things that are beyond him that HIMS is not going to be uh the the company that actually makes things. It's more of a distribution channel. what I used to call hymns in those days was potentially a front door for cutting edge healthcare and you know it could still be that in the peptides but there's much bigger and things that are out there but you have to have strong partnerships and I felt that you know when it came to peptides I mean who's going to know peptides better than Novo Nordis since that's exactly what they're you know known for um so there was a much bigger potential partnership that was more than GLP1s if both sides eyes were committed to a win-win, then then some really significant things could happen for both companies in a very positive way. So, when it blew up, I was just what on earth? Well, how could you guys let this happen? It was really annoying. It makes sense that they would come back to it since ultimately I think that kind of a partnership is something that does work to both uh sides advantage. They obviously had a strong disagreement about whether or not hims should keep compounding GOPs. In my view, the key issue is both companies need to be committed to a win-win. It's not that one thinks they've got the other one over the barrel and so they're going to really press it. Like Novo says, you know, you guys are just a distribution channel. We'll give you 5% margins, which isn't going to be enough to cover the marketing. I mean, no, if you really want it to work, both sides need to be committed to win-win. But that includes him. And if you know not doing the compounded meds is part of it, well then you know is Nova willing to sweeten the pot in terms of some of the other things. So because just selling, you know, branded medications with a very tiny margin isn't going to get you anywhere. Nobody's got to be on board with with making it something that works for both ways. And and and I know the other piece of that is once if Novo were to happen or even if it didn't there's a lot of potential as you said already in this podcast you know HIMS is still the biggest teleahalth operation out there on a direct to consumer basis. Um and that's valuable and it's not just valuable to him it should be valuable to all sorts of potential partners including uh device makers including uh medications and others. If you can turn him into the platform, which seems to be based upon what we've already said, maybe with the direction they're going, and having lots of partnerships, not just with Novo. I think investors will get excited around that. I know I'm excited around that. So, I I would love to see that happen. I was disappointed in when that when that partnership fell apart. If they can make it happen, more power to them. I think it's a good thing. Was it curious to include that verbiage in the press release to you? Like were they reading of the stock price or do you think it was honest that like they they were really close to a deal and so it was worth including or what? Because I I I only ask this not because I'm particularly perturbed, but because I've seen online many people allege that they are just trying to pump the stock price because there must have been like 30 out of 40 days in the red. I mean, we were at 65, then we were at 45, then we were at 40, then we were at 35, now 30. And so it's like it's been a, you know, staircase down with maybe four days around Thanksgiving to get excited and not little else at least from the perspective of the stock price. And so many investors are frustrated with the management team. That's why I ask. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I know that that's not the only reason. There are so few other things that have irritated people too. Um, I uh I don't have a problem with this particular item. Uh, in some ways it also signals publicly that they're open to doing some deal making. I I don't have a problem. I know there are other things they were irritating people to and I I won't speak to those unless you ask me about them. But in this particular case, I'm fine with it. All right, let's move to 2026 predictions. &gt;&gt; who first? &gt;&gt; I guess the first since we were talking about it, odds of a partnership with Novo or Lily or another pharma company. Do we have a blockbuster deal sort of like we had with Novo early last year? &gt;&gt; I think the answer to that is going to be yes. So it it may be the the allpurpose other category and I think that they're going to be few of them. It's going to be more than one. I think there's going to be a string of them. &gt;&gt; Tetide and what happens to the stock price if we get T's appetite? &gt;&gt; I don't know. I mean there'll probably be a short-term bump for sure, but uh I don't know if it's lasting. &gt;&gt; You don't think that's an extra billion dollars in revenue for 26? &gt;&gt; It might be. I don't know is the answer. &gt;&gt; Okay. Peptides, does that do anything to the stock price? &gt;&gt; I would need to know more about uh this the real size of that um market and I just don't feel like I understand how big it is. I know people you know bull peptide bulls are out there claiming it's going to be amazing and as we already discussed I was like really but &gt;&gt; yeah hard to know hard to say. This one's interesting. I think you'll have thoughts other outside of just giving me a number in terms of probability &gt;&gt; wearables. There was a job post for uh I think a director of design hardware. Inside the job post, the description mentioned wearables. That means I think one of two things. &gt;&gt; Director of design. They're going to make wearables. &gt;&gt; This is a director of design hardware working at him. This means one of two things. &gt;&gt; Hims will be releasing its own wearable which like I think &gt;&gt; you have to assume is is poss part of the road might be part of the road map based on the job description or hims is partnering with a company like Aura or Whoop and wants to have a director of design hardware to sort of oversee the project that's happening somewhere else. But it's it certainly sounds like HIMS is mulling launching its own wearable. Uh do we get an announcement about that in 2026? And what do you think about that possibility on its own? &gt;&gt; That's new information for me. I didn't know the thing you just said. Um I mean we know that they they they're interested in wearables. Uh whether or not they do their own branded wearable or if they start using other people's wearables. I mean the wearables piece is is baked in. Uh, is it exciting because it has a HIMS brand on it versus somebody else's? I guess. I mean, are they really going to come up with something that isn't already out there on the market? That I'd be surprised by that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't know what it would be either. Um, &gt;&gt; I mean, they can put the HIMS brand on something somebody else is making for him. &gt;&gt; Agreed. But do you need a director of design hardware to &gt;&gt; I don't know. I don't know. &gt;&gt; I don't know. international. Uh do you think we add another country to the HIMS portfolio this year? &gt;&gt; I don't know. That's an interesting question. So I'm bullish on the international uh have always been I know some people are not so much but I am. Um so so what uh management has said up until now and I think this is smart. You don't it's not just like you know we're going to spray an international presence all over the world because you need to you know if you're going to pick a country you need to get to know it and the marketing what works in that country and it takes time to get off the ground and there's going to be upfront costs and just takes time to come up to scale. So, I'd rather go pick three or four countries and which I think they're already out there. You know, Germany, Britain, France, you know, it's the ones that are in the Zava universe, Canada. I thought there was some focus maybe on Brazil, I can't remember. um and pick those if that's the the lineup and then just focus there as opposed to going into 20 or 30 countries and trying to because you're going to end up you have different laws and all of these different countries. It's just it's going to take that much longer to scale appropriately. Just pick your best countries, go there first and then then spread from there. &gt;&gt; Exactly right. I don't think we need Luxembourg right now. I hope we have some listeners in Luxembourg, but I don't think Hims needs to be there just yet. Hims has talked about Japan and Brazil as possible future loces, &gt;&gt; and I think Australia is a possibility as well. &gt;&gt; Interesting. &gt;&gt; There's a company called Eucalyptus, which is a massive teleahalth company there. Maybe too big for him to acquire, but it clearly the model works pretty well in Australia. Mhm. &gt;&gt; Okay. Finally, let's do financials 2026. I think the analyst consensus is probably in the 2.7 billion dollar range. Maybe 2.8 from some analysts. &gt;&gt; What is it? I guess three now &gt;&gt; that's going to be less than 25 number &gt;&gt; 2025 is probably going to be let's just give the narrowed range that Hims gave which was roughly 2.35. &gt;&gt; Got it. So uh what's the math on that that higher &gt;&gt; if you go from 2.35 to 2.7 &gt;&gt; you're under 20% you're closer to 15% I believe. Uh I think well thoughts on that first and I'll &gt;&gt; I don't like a 30% I'm sorry um 15% growth rate. I mean uh that that's you're looking at the stock dropping to maybe 15 bucks under those circumstances. &gt;&gt; I really don't like that. You need to stay above 20. &gt;&gt; 15. &gt;&gt; Well, think about it. That would be a &gt;&gt; horrible we'd be a we'd be a less than4 billion company &gt;&gt; that's I mean again yeah growth has slowed but free cash flow positive investing all sorts of things for the future. &gt;&gt; Well there's other pieces to that like what does the profitability look like but you're ramping up all these things that I'm a little question I'm questioning some of the profitability aspects to it too. I mean 15% growth is like what Microsoft or Amazon gets, you know. So there's your multiple comparison. Um and it's not 50 or 60 uh PE. Now I know there's, you know, you can do your discount models and all the rest, but uh I think it's really important that that him stay above 20 and preferably, you know, closer to 25. But um yeah, &gt;&gt; I I think I think the &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think the company probably gods for 2.7 or 2.8. I have no idea what the stock price does as a result. I think three billion is in is is in the realm of possibility. I think 3.25 billion is in is in the realm of possibility. And I think if HIMS launches tepatide those move from like 25 or 30% probabilities to greater than 50% probabilities. &gt;&gt; I mean the the difficulty of this year from my point of view coming up is that a lot of the good things that Hims is doing which is doing all the right things to lay down uh get the pieces in place for this you know future growth ramp. um involves a lot of stuff that has short-term startup expense costs associated with them. You know, new categories, you know, going live in new countries. Uh where the revenue ramp, it just takes time. The 2026 espe and we'll see with the guide could be a really tough year. Uh which is necessary so that 27 and 28 can be really great and 29 like that. this is the path you have to take to hit those 2030 projections. But as as part of that, it's a tough year. That might be what we're looking at. &gt;&gt; Maybe in the most recent Bank of America report, said 2026 is going to be an investment year. &gt;&gt; Well, there you go. &gt;&gt; He he very well may be right, but it sort of caught me by surprise because it felt like 2025 was the investment year. 2025 was the year you raised a billion, expanded internationally, &gt;&gt; paid Mo 50 million in stock or whatever that deal was, got Deera, uh, expanded manufacturing facilities to 1 million square feet, right? Expanded in Ohio, bought the new Mesa facility, um, bought the peptide facility, bought your bio, bought live well. like it it feels like the investments started three quarters ago. &gt;&gt; I don't think those are mutually exclusive. &gt;&gt; They're ongoing to be sure, but you know, as we look back on this company in five years, which will be the bigger investment year, 2025 or 2026? I interpret I interpreted the language differently perhaps, but &gt;&gt; it feels to me like 2026 is the year that you need to start executing on some of the investments that you made in 2025, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think this how you interpret the language. &gt;&gt; If we don't have a product or tech to get product and tech to get excited about as a result of deer plus mo in 2026, from my standpoint, that will be a little disappointing. If we don't have peptides at some point, that will be a little disappointing. If we don't have, you know, evidence that international is going to be a big part of the business, that will be disappointing. If we don't have like labs powering the platform model, that will be a little disappointing. So, yeah, I just don't think those things are mutually exclusive. I think it's just an interpret how do you interpret uh it being an investment year? I mean that everything you just said is true um about what happened in 2025, but if if we go into 2026 and all of those things you just said that you would like to see happen and you're disappointed if they don't. Let's say they do happen, you know, but HIMS is is really throwing cash into growing things, but on a quartertoquarter basis, you're seeing the revenue not ramp as quickly as you might would like to see it. and you're and the bottom line you adjusted Ebida is is flat or you know not certainly growing because they're making all of these investments then you can say oh my god well revenue isn't doing what it should be and the earnings aren't there and and you're like well that's because we're continuing all of these investments. How do you think all these stuff happens? So we're 2026 is the year you had to have perhaps in addition to 2026. So the 27 28 29 can be good years. And so if you're really forward thinking you're like that's fine. This is what gross companies do. Um but you need to make sure there's a payoff at the end. And you got to be ready for the stock under those circumstances can can be really erratic more so than it has been which is saying something. &gt;&gt; Any other any other thoughts? Um I guess the only other thing that I wanted to mention is that we still have no marquee celebrity partnership. Ro has Serena Williams and Charles Barkley. N &gt;&gt; who was it? &gt;&gt; N has Wilson. I I &gt;&gt; What about Sydney Sweeney? Wasn't she in the Discord? The big fan favorite? &gt;&gt; EMed has Tom Brady. &gt;&gt; Uhhuh. &gt;&gt; Yeah. What about Sydney Sweeney? What about Sophia Vgara? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's the other one I forgot. &gt;&gt; Right. I I would like to see something like that, but I don't know if that's what Andrew and the management team want. We'll see. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't have no thoughts on that. &gt;&gt; I mean, they've partnered with celebrities in the past. They've partnered with Grank. They've partnered with Kristen Bell. &gt;&gt; They've the long list. &gt;&gt; JLo. &gt;&gt; JLo. Exactly. Right. Um so maybe Right. like maybe those didn't pay off in the ways that they expected and so they know to invest their time and money elsewhere. I have no idea. But it is notable to me that like it's just it's notable to me that I walked through the subway in Time Square this fall. It was like a mirror maze of Serena Williams &gt;&gt; and Row and now they're partnered with Novo with the pill and their app rankings are now ahead of him and hers and um not saying that'll last forever. I'm not saying it's a profitable investment. We have no idea if the unit economics of anything they're doing with GLPs are worthwhile. But um I think it's notable what Ro is doing and what N is doing in the celebrity partnership arena &gt;&gt; yeah there's definitely some strategic thinking and marketing thinking going on behind the scenes that influences all this stuff that we don't know about. That's frustrating as an investor. It's frustrating. So I mean I guess if there's some closing statements I would get say on be on my own behalf and I would love to hear what you think. You know, I' I've been I've been low-key on hymns for the last six months or so uh for a variety of reasons, but the biggest one is um uncertainty. I felt far more certain about him uh through probably a three-year period of being invested in the company until the middle of last year and then coming uh to upright up until now. The big issue for me is uh there are too many question marks. absolutely believe that HIMS could knock it out of the park, be 100% the stock that all the bulls want it to be, but there's insufficient certainty there for me. And only speaking for myself, one of the reasons why I haven't really ramped back into into hims is that they're just I have so many other uh potential investments. there's opportunity cost. But as soon as we lock in some certainty around a road map that makes sense, I know that I would be more interested in investing. I bet that would be true for others. So maybe they'll give us some guidance um as part of the 2026 guidance that will create some of that certainty and then if there is, I'll certainly let people know. From my point of view, &gt;&gt; I feel much better about the stock at 30 than I have felt in a long time. I like how bearish Twitter's become. I like how bearish the Discord has become. &gt;&gt; You do? [laughter] &gt;&gt; Well, it's it's annoying sometimes, right? But it it suggests to me that the bottom might be near. I mean to to your point there are some serious risks and if they don't go Hen's way you know this thing could fall further. I think there's no doubt about that. However the unbelievable bearishness from certain corners of the internet suggests to me that the sentiment may be ready to reverse. Uh there are there are like I can't I can't count up the number of catalysts that we've possible catalysts that we've mentioned whether it's a Super Bowl ad or peptides or tzepide or partnerships uh or international expansion or an acquisition that we're not thinking about or a wearable right hard to know what these do for the business. hard to predict for sure what they do to the stock price. But in terms of like thinking about HIMS as an important company in health care and the future of healthcare for the next three years or five years, I think there's a lot to be really excited about. And I happen to think a lot of those catalysts could be really positive for the stock price as well. &gt;&gt; Not would not be surprised if we're at 50 uh going into earnings. Oh, I'm going to regret saying that. But I wouldn't &gt;&gt; earnings. &gt;&gt; I really wouldn't be surprised. So that's like a &gt;&gt; That's a month from now. &gt;&gt; It's a month from now. I think if here's here's what I'll say. If if Jarretts is if Jarretts is right about Tzepide peptides, Super Bowl commercial, uh, cholesterol, the launch of a new subscription and membership service. I I just think the sentiment can flip really fast. And we had a similar rally in Q1 of 2025. And you know, predicting stock price moves, I really will be a fool, right? We're going to be at 20 going into earnings now that I've said all all this. But &gt;&gt; yeah, don't you have a curse that teasing me about? &gt;&gt; Sure, I do. But I would not be surprised. That's all I want to say. If we rally here over the next month following I I think I saw in the Discord yesterday we have not had a positive week positive week since Thanksgiving. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you know, at some point at some point that has to reverse when you have a company that um yeah, continues to continues to think about being an important player in the future of healthcare. Maybe, you know, maybe it doesn't reverse as soon as I'm thinking, but at some point, I think it has to reverse. &gt;&gt; Well, you could be right. We'll see. Certainly, a lot of people will be happy if you're right. I think um for me I think it'll be after earnings. We need to see what their projections are for the year. I think that's going to be &gt;&gt; All right, let's call it there. This has been episode uh 51 Bayside. Thank you for being a part of Him's house. Did it be here?
