---
ticker: HIMS
type: youtube
title: "The Brutal Truth About Hims Stock Right Now"
channel: "Asymmetric Investing by Travis Hoium"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ehpa2Zc3YNg
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 22226
---

# The Brutal Truth About Hims Stock Right Now

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Asymmetric Investing by Travis Hoium
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ehpa2Zc3YNg

## 转录全文

What a wild ride for his and her stock. Over the past 3 years, the stock's up 351%. But over the past 6 months, shares are down 38% and from their highs, they've dropped 52%. So, is this still an opportunity for investors or is him and hers in a downward spiral? I think this is a fundamental question that investors need to ask. And it really depends on how you're looking at the company and how you're looking at this opportunity. The way that I invest here on asymmetric investing is with the acknowledgement that any given investment can go to zero. You can lose a 100% of your money. But the great thing about investing in stocks is that the upside is almost unlimited. So with that in mind, there are absolutely risks that we need to discuss about his and her stock. But I want to highlight today too why I think this is a very high potential investment. Could 10x, could even 100x in value over the next 10 to 20 years. And this is the kind of company that could define your portfolio for decades if things work out in the right way. Now there's no guarantee that that's going to happen, but this is also why asymmetric investing works. If I could find 10, 20 stocks that are exactly like him and hers, the same kind of opportunity, the same kind of risk profile, I would invest in all of them and overall that portfolio would likely crush the market. So, I'm going to go through all the risks and opportunities today with him and hers. If you want more from me, check out my newsletter, Asymmetric Investing, link on the screen and a link in the show notes as well. Hims and Hers is one of the biggest positions that I have in the portfolio. But every single stock that I own, I want to say a 10x opportunity over the next 10 years. That's what Asymmetric Investing is all about. And I'm building that portfolio, buying stocks once a month, doing that all in public for my premium members. So, if you want more from me, check that out. You get deep dives, all my research, at least four emails every single week for subscribers. I also want to thank Fiscal AI for sponsoring this video. Fiscal is what you're going to see throughout this video. That's what this chart is from. But the great thing about Fiscal AI has got all this information all in one spot. So, all of the company statistics you need to know, market cap, price earnings multiple, price of sales multiple, and the financials are just phenomenal. I'm going to start here. Total revenue. You can see the growth rate for him and hers since 2018. 92% in a compound annual growth rate. You're not going to find a lot of companies that are growing that quickly. Operating margin. I'll get to some of these in just a second. But here's the real key is the segments and KPIs. So, you're going to be able to see the number of subscribers that his and hers has. What's the average order value? And you can make these wonderful looking charts. Now, what differentiates Fiscal AI from anybody else is that they are pulling all of this information themselves. They own the data. That means they can do it faster than anybody else within minutes of an earnings release being released. This data is going to be on fiscal AI. So if you want that fast response, check out fiscal.aiasym. You can try it out for two weeks for free. If you like what you see, you can get 15% off. And oh, by the way, they just reduced their prices for what used to be their enterprise plan, now their max plan. Absolutely a phenomenal value. And the platform is getting better day after day. All right, let's get to him and hers and let's start with what the company does because I think understanding how to think about a business overall is something you have to do. Think about the strategies. think about the market that they're trying to move into or maybe disrupt in the case of HIMS and hers and then we can look at things like their financials and valuations because I think one of the ways that I look at him and hers very differently than a lot of other investors is this is a fundamentally disruptive company in healthcare. So they're not taking insurance. They're not trying to go through the traditional channels. They're trying to be a company that's offering digital solutions available 24/7 in a completely different way than you normally get them today. So they started with ED. That was really the first way in. I'm on the HIM site. There's also the her site, but then they moved to things like regrowing hair. Weight loss has been the thing that has gotten the most attention over the past few years. But they recently added testosterone and then labs is the other big thing. I actually got my labs done. If you want a full write up on that, you can look at my newsletter. Did a huge article about that and just how quickly and how comprehensive that information came in. I think I was really impressed by by that. Just a great top of the funnel for them. And then here's another thing a lot of people don't realize. Hims and hers, you can actually go and get nutrition information. And you can actually go and get recipes and make some meals tonight. You can get some suggestions for how to increase. They've got nutrition information. They have nutrition information, workout suggestions, sleep suggestions, all kinds of information. That's not necessarily what they're known for, but again, I'm looking at Hims and Hers as a platform company, not just a company that's providing pills, but a company that's going to be central to your healthcare. So, that's where things like labs really come in. If they're able to do your labs, if they they're able to pull in information that you're maybe collecting all day. I'm wearing a Garmin watch, for example. One of the things that I talk about all the time is this is a human data feed, but this data doesn't really go anywhere. It goes into the Garmin app. Why isn't that connecting to the Hims and Hers app? Why doesn't Hims and Hers know exactly what's going on with my weight and saying, "You know what? You've gained a couple of pounds. Maybe you want to work out a couple extra times each day, each week, over the next month. Maybe you want to try some higher protein meals." The future of healthcare, I think, fundamentally looks very different than what we've had in the past. And Hims and Hers is the kind of company that's going to build that. And what they're known for and most investors still think that they're all about today is weight loss and in particular GLP1s. And that undoubtedly has been a big product for them over the past few years. But that's not all the company is about. They're trying to be an aggregator in healthcare. So in other words, they're trying to provide highquality solutions to customers and then supply comes to them because this they're the place that customers are aggregating. So if you think about a product like Netflix, you open up Netflix, you don't necessarily open up Netflix to watch a specific show that is from HBO or that's from Disney. You open up Netflix because you want to watch Netflix. Now supply has to come to the market because they are where the demand is. The same idea could be taking place in healthcare. But the opportunity for Hims and Hers is if that's the way that it works out. This is a company with a less than $10 billion market cap. We're talking about a multi- trillion opportunity in healthcare. So, if his and hers eventually is going to replace doctor visits, if they're going to improve my health, if they're going to offer workouts and peptides, they're going to understand my care better than a doctor could today because this is a technology company and they're collecting data all the time. That's the long-term vision for him and hers. That's not where we are today. We're a little bit more like where Netflix was in 2010 or 2011. They had the streaming service, they had some product, they had some good content, but they didn't have everything. But before we know all the answers, that's when you need to invest in these companies that are 10x 100x opportunities. So again, that's the framing with which I want to look at his and hers stock. So let's go back to this chart on fiscal. Again, this is just revenue is the columns, blue is the operating margin, and orange is the price to sales multiple because what I want to lay out here is there's three ways that stocks go up in value. They increase revenue, they increase their margins, or their multiple increases. Basically, everything else falls under that. The other thing I talk about is buybacks, but those four are really the only thing that's going to drive a stock higher. Everything else falls into one of those four categories. So, you can see that over time, total revenue has grown at an astounding rate. This is a three-year chart. These are all trailing 12-month numbers. And the compound annual growth rate is 72.7%. The operating margin has gone from negative 23.1% in June of 2022 to now 5.2%. But now look here, there's been a peak in the operating margin, and there's even been a peak in revenue. I'll get to those and this is why the stock is coming down in value. But before we get there, let's look at this price of sales multiple 3.4 right now. At the bottom for him and hers, the price of sales multiple was just 1.5. So we're not very far from that right now. A price of sales multiple under four is typically what you're going to get from very very slow growth companies. That's not what Hims and Hers is today. this is a high- growth company in an industry where they have the opportunity to be a disruptor and they already have positive operating margins. All of those things are pointing in the right direction. So where do the questions come in? Well, one of the biggest questions is what is going on with revenue growth? So I'll pull in the actual revenue growth number here because you can see how this change in revenue growth changes over time. So, these are all the quarterly numbers and you can see that the company is still growing year-over-year, but the growth rate has gone from 111% down to 50%. So, these comps are getting harder and you can see that revenue has kind of flatlined over the past couple of quarters. So, what happened? March of 2025, this quarter right here was the last quarter that GLP1s could be compounded and sold because they were on shortage. So basically a commercial dosage now can't be sold with a compounded solution like him and hers is providing. So that started to hit the company in the second quarter of 2025. That's when you're also going to see the beginning of a decline in margins. All of this is related to their weight loss solutions. Now I would argue that the growth that we saw in these three quarters right here was actually overstated because of the shortage of GLP1s. This was an opportunity that his and hers had to take, but it was a company that was growing at 40%, 50% and suddenly that growth went up to 70 over 100%. This was probably not sustainable and was not real. The real growth rate of the company was probably closer to here, 40, 50%. That is a phenomenal growth rate, but that's not what investors who were buying the stock in March of 2025 were used to. That's why shares have gone down over this period of time. The other thing that we have to acknowledge, the number of subscribers, the growth in subscribers has tapered off in the past couple of quarters. So yes, it's rising, but it's not rising nearly at the pace that it was in 2024. Is that a canary in the coal mine? Is him and hers facing more competition? Is the business model doesn't have does it not have the same growth that I think there could be long term? Also, the online revenue per average subscriber, this is a quarterly number. This is starting to taper off and instead of going up and to the right like it was for a number of quarters here when GOP ones were taken off, it's starting to maybe decline a little bit. So, you can see why investors have questions. What does the future look like? Now, we're reading into how many Google searches are there about him and hers? How many Google searches are there about weight loss treatments? Now, add in the fact that Amazon is selling WGO's new weight loss pill. WGOI is also selling that weight loss pill. By the way, the cost of this pill without insurance 150 took $300 per month. I'll come back to that. But there are now competitors coming into the space. So is this the end for him and hers? Is is this now the kind of stock that could zero X in value? I don't think so. And the big reason is I think investors are really overweighting how much weight loss impacts the business. $725 million in revenue for weight loss in 2025. That's out of $2.34 to $2.36 billion in guided revenue for 2025. And again, that's year-over-year growth of nearly 60%. Even fourth quarter growth, year-over-year growth of 26 to 30%. With companies that are growing this quickly, there are going to be ups and downs. There's going to be times of momentum. There's going to be times of disruption. What we're seeing right now is a time of uncertainty for him and hers, but I think that we're going to see more more momentum as we go into 2026. I've seen Wall Street call this the year of investment. That's probably the right way to think about it. But that's a great time to buy stocks like this because we want to buy companies that are investing in future long-term growth. What are those areas of long-term growth? This is what we know about the companies different segments and where they're expecting to grow in the future. So you have weight loss that is available in the US and Europe coming to Canada soon. That's by the way because they are now generic in Canada for semiglut available and dermatology available both those areas. Mental health is available in the US. Hormone health available in Europe coming soon. Hormone health has actually launched since this presentation was given. So testosterone now available in the US and then longevity solutions coming to the US that will be sometime in 2026 likely. So there are two areas the companies can can expand. They can offer more products and they can expand geographically. So we've seen them move into Europe also moving into Canada as well. But the other thing I think we're missing is the opportunity they have with artificial intelligence. And this plays into the entire platform that they're building. They did a capital raise last year that they raised about a billion dollars. And one of the things that they stated they wanted to build out was invest in a team to build artificial intelligence for medicine. Now I did a video recently when openai launched chatpt health. We've now seen something similar from claude. This is coming but what they're doing is they're offering healthcare answers. They're not offering prescriptions. Hims and hers is able to take something like that and take it to the next level and actually offer those subscriptions the solutions that tie to an actual doctor who is verifying what the artificial intelligence tool is saying. So now we have a couple of million members who are already on his and hers have 247 access convenience service and they have the ab ability to personalize solutions. I think this personalization is going to be really important as they start to launch things like peptides. We don't know exactly when that's going to launch in 2026 but there has been a lot of studies done about peptides and this is one of those things that's a compounded solution. It's going to be specific for every single person and his and hers has the ability to do that at scale like nobody else does. They also have the lab infrastructure. So they have my labs for example as they launch peptide solutions. Are they going to be able to offer me solutions that are going to help me build muscle mass, maybe lose weight, maybe I have an injury that I'm dealing with. All of these are going to be phenomenal solutions without having to physically go to a doctor. And this is the flywheel that they say that they are building. So you have med match which is actually the technology that's matching people with medical solutions. And then they bring more solutions and services to the market that helps improve outcomes which leads to more subscribers on the platform. And again, this is much more than just a company that's selling pills. I am looking at him and hers as a medical platform. And I think that's only going to improve in the future. There's a lot that needs to happen. I think they need to tie more into the data data that I'm already collecting about my health. Now, they have my labs. Why don't they have my weight? Why don't why don't they have my heart rate, my sleep? All these things are tracked, but they're just not tied into his and hers. I think that's coming in the future. And that will allow the company to offer much more personalized her healthcare solutions to people. I'm not saying there's not going to be hurdles. So, I'm not saying there's not going to be blips in the financials, but building a platform that people trust is going to be a great way to build an aggregator business and a phenomenally valuable business in the future. What Hims and Hers is doing is breaking down the pain in the butt, frankly, that the traditional medical system has today. So, if you want to get something treated, let's say you want to be treated for hair loss, right now you have to make an appointment with the doctor, maybe you even need to get a referral to a specialty, then you got to go to a pharmacy. All of that takes time and takes money. HMS and Hers is making it much much easier. Now imagine bringing all of those things to other areas of healthcare. So we talked about hormone therapies like testosterone, talked about longevity, peptides, and unlike traditional doctors, they're going to be able to pull in data that people are collecting on an ongoing basis. Again, this is why technology companies typically disrupt brickandmortar companies because they're able to think about the business completely differently. Hims and hers is, I think, the best way to play that today. This doesn't mean that they are a guaranteed winner, but it does mean that they have the opportunity to be a 10x stock or a zeroX stock. And in the case of him and Hurst, given their valuation, I think 10x is even a little bit light. So, let's just look at that market cap right now according to fiscal AI, a little under $8 billion. They do have a little bit of debt on the balance sheet. That's because they did a big capital raise when their stock was up here. So, good job by management to take advantage of that. Now, price to earnings multiple not going to be super meaningful for a company that's growing this quickly. So, you're going to look want to look at something like enterprise value to sales 3.8 8 trailing growth rate of over 70%. How does that compare to other high growth companies? Well, look at Palanteer. Their enterprise value to sales is 110 and their three-year growth rate 28 29%. Novo Nordisk 3-year growth rate 24%. Enterprise value to sales 5.3. So these are just two simple examples, but both of these companies are far more valued from a price to sales perspective, from a multiple perspective, and they have slower growth rates. Now, the questions that management is going to have to answer from his and hers is what is going to happen to that near-term growth rate? What's going to happen as they add more specialties into the ecosystem? Are they going to be able to be an aggregator where people are going to be loyal to him and hers where they're going to start putting their data on an ongoing basis, starting getting labs on an ongoing basis? That's going to create a multi-deade relationship with him and hers potentially. That's where you get really high value for those new customers. Is that what they're ultimately building or is just this just a place that people go to get GLP ones and lose a few pounds? If it's the latter, this is not going to be a hundred billion dollar company or more. If it's the former and this is a new healthcare platform, this is the kind of company that could be worth a trillion dollars or more. Yes, I said a trillion dollars in 10 or 20 years. I think that's the asymmetric potential for him and her stock. Doesn't mean that it's a guarantee. But investing is about risk and reward. And the reward if him and hers a is able to execute on this vision is extremely high. That's why I see the recent discount in shares is a great buying opportunity. I'm continually adding shares to the asymmetric portfolio. This is one of those companies that I want to have a higher allocation than I maybe would in more other companies until I see evidence to tell me that the business is not on the same long-term growth trajectory. But everything that I've seen from Andrew Dudham, from the additions that they made in leadership, from the ways that the way that they've raised capital, the vision that they've outlined, this is the kind of company that has the chance to be a massive winner for investors. It's understandable that some people have short-term concerns about what's going on. What's going on with their growth rate? The value of their orders. GLP1s, why did other companies get WGOI in pill form first? All of these things are valid questions and likely 2026 is going to be a volatile year for him and hers. Not only the stock, but the company as well. But look at what they're building over the long term. Take a step back and look at the momentum in the business. Not only revenue, but the number of subscribers. That momentum is exactly what I want to see as an investor. That's why I'm bullish on the future. But let me know what you think in the comments section below. And like I said, if you want more from me, check out my newsletter, Asymmetric Investing. There's a link on the screen and a link in the show notes. I'm building that asymmetric portfolio by by buying stocks once a month and just continually adding to it over time, showing exactly how you can build wealth with a relatively small monthly commitment. Thanks for watching everybody. We'll see you here next time.
