---
ticker: HIMS
type: youtube
title: "Ep 32 - Antonio Linares Makes the Case for Hims as a 100x — From Here"
channel: "Hims House"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B_-0TXq-eOQ
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 70414
---

# Ep 32 - Antonio Linares Makes the Case for Hims as a 100x — From Here

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Hims House
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B_-0TXq-eOQ

## 转录全文

Hims House episode 32. My name is Jonathan Stern. I'm here as always with Patrick Lester who goes by the name Bayside in the Hims Discord. We are joined today by Antonio Linaris, author of the Substack, Investment Ideas by Antonio, early AMD and Tesla investor and of course one of the most followed hims investors on Twitter. Antonio first wrote about him back on July 1st, 2022. The stock at that time was trading at just $4.79. Since then, we're up more than 10x. And yet, according to Antonio, the HIMS story is still just getting started. Antonio Linaris, welcome to Hims House. Thank you so much, Jonathan and Bayside. I'm very excited to be here and I think we're going to have a great time today. I want to start with something that you tweeted about a month ago. You wrote, "I've done over 52 deep dives, but I only own six companies. Palunteer, AMD, HIMS, Tesla, Spotify, and Duolingo. I'm curious, how do you decide what makes the cut? and why is HIMS one of just six stocks to do so? Yeah, that's a great question. So, it's a very subconscious process uh when it comes to creating a portfolio. I'm not actually very sure of how I do it, but to date, it's worked very well. The sort of overarching philosophical principle is making concentrated asymmetric bets that in case of success can go on to return the portfolio many times. So just to give you a brief idea of how this has panned out over the last three to four years, both Spotify and Palanteer have returned my entire portfolio more than once each separately. And so as I have success in some of my concentrated bets, I've of course made mistakes that I've written about in depth etc. I'm encouraged to make further concentrated bets. And so HIMS together with Durolingo is uh the last instance of a concentrated bet in my portfolio. And broadly what HIMS has uh that makes me very bullish is it's basically an application I'd say a world-class application of the Costco algorithm. So Costco's operational blueprint applied to the internet. So with network effects applied to healthcare. And so what happens with him is it's just extraordinary execution. in a market that hasn't seen disruption ever in a market that has a highly inflationary tendency uh no customer centricity or very little and so hints is actually the inception in my view of an alternative new healthare system and what happens typically when you combine something like the Costco algorithm and there's a bunch of other operational blueprints to create wealth that we can discuss but when you combine a blueprint of that kind applied with network network effects combined with extraordinary execution, what you get is a company that goes up in value way more than people can ever imagine over the long term. So it's one thing to talk about him in the span of the past three four years or even over the past year which I see I I believe has seen tremendous fundamental growth. Another thing is to project should the extraordinary execution continue what can this company look like in five years 10 years 15 years and much like Palanteer have also shared opinions about that company this can get way way bigger than it is today and we we'll be getting into the specifics but essentially the high level thesis now abstracting away what I think everyone is in in this uh community is very well versed about you know the execution the uh rapid deployment of verticals etc revenue venue over the past 5 years has grown something like 15x but this has been in the face of essentially non non-organic growth. So him has gained traction by starting out with uh verticals that are highly stigmatized. So verticals that you wouldn't want to go and tell people about. However, what's happening now with the onset of peptides and GLP1 is just a subset of a universe of peptides that I think is positioned to unlock. I think organic growth is going to pick up considerably and him subscription is going to capture the zeitgeist. So why do I believe this one? The first point is we've seen how GLP1s have done. So, you know, Hollywood actors are on GLP-1. You know, you see people that maybe in the past weren't so skinny and then you suddenly see them like, man, you're on GLP once, right? So, this is something that's really taking over the world. And that's because peptides have this incredible efficacy and great safety profile when administered correctly. And so with the acquisition of the peptide facility and other components of HIMS's vertically integrated infrastructure, what we're going to see is an explosion in him's ability to treat conditions in a highly synergistic way combined with organic growth. So we've seen 15x growth over the past 5 years. Over the next 5 years, I believe we see more than that. And what I believe is we see the cost of marketing come down considerably. And so Hint's extraordinary execution combined with capturing the zeitgeist I think over the next five years unlocks growth that the company hasn't seen yet. So you can run the numbers in a bunch of ways but essentially I believe that free cash flow per share which is ultimately what stock prices track goes up considerably considerably sorry and then we have the valuation multiples expand too because at the moment this company is trading very timidly I believe and revenue is just growing lightning fast and on top of that as this continues to scale what we actually have is an infrastructure that's set to bootloadad and AI this is the only company in the healthcare industry in the US which is actually customercentric and is picking up data on a growing variety of treatments in terms of what works for who when and how and with what treatments etc. And so as HIMS builds that exclusive data set which is basically a proprietary data mo I believe they are positioned to birth a digital twin for the healthcare industry which actually means that yes this company is an instance of the Costco algorithm but over the next 5 years I believe the market begins to price this as something a little bit like Palanteer. So actually HIMS is building an ontology for the health care system and is is uniquely positioned to do so because of its cost advantage. So we can talk about how this compares with life MD. I'm actually doing a deep dive on this company now. But essentially is as this cost advantage continues to deepen their proprietary data mode continues to be enhanced and eventually that births in AI which I believe goes on to power the legacy healthcare system. So that's how it's obviously impressive the stock prices performance this year. But I believe in terms of fundamentals, this company is positioned to outperform radically just much more than one could possibly imagine by looking at this on a quarterly basis. Let me jump that was a phen we we are off to the races after that. Thank you Anton. I think I mean there's peptides, hymns as a tech company, AI, digital twins, palunteer, Costco. Just one one thing I wanted to ask about what do you mean specifically when you say like Costco algorithm? Could you unpack that? Sure. So Costco has been focused on doing two things which I mean essentially one which is enhancing value delivered to customers per dollar spent on their behalf. So that means everyone at Costco wakes up every day and is completely obsessed with delivering more value at a lower real price. So adjusted for inflation. And then what Costco does is they share economies of scale by reinvesting the capital they get from that as a result into giving customers a better deal over time. And so what happens is that that actually makes it a no-brainer eventually for customers to only buy at Costco. And as things get worse in the economy, etc., that actually accelerates the rate at which a company compounds goodwill. Now, we I was talking about the Tesla margins a few weeks ago, I believe it was, and they went down. And a lot of people were saying that was bad. And I said, wait, I think this is good. And actually, Jeff Bezos has a great quote about this. He says, "Inves investors can't spend percentage margins, but they can spend free cash flow." So ultimately what happens is as the Costco flywheel spins and they deliver more value per dollar spent and they decrease prices and ideally they actually drop margins which is not necessarily the case with Costco but is a case of modern applications of their operational blueprint they reduce the surface area for other companies to come and attack the same problem just because it gets harder to uh solve the volume of problems that they solve profitably. Right? So one thing that really caught my attention with him and is the reason I decided to initiate the position was let me just whip this out. So we have this is the this is the update this is the update that I wrote in October 2023 and it caught my attention that actually gross margin actually increased from 79.15% in Q1 2022 to 81.84% in Q2 2023. But what's interesting is that's the first time I saw this company sharing economies of scale because Andrew Durham said during um that earnings call and I quote him he said we begun to systematically lower prices for many of the longer duration offerings. And so what you have is a company that's increasing margins as as I was saying decreasing margins is not a necessary condition for a company to replicate Costco's algorithm. It's an interesting thing longer term, but essentially HIMS was dropping prices and was increasing margins in the face of building their vertically integrated infrastructure on the go while operating outside of the traditional insurance system. And so to me that reflected a company that was obsessed with enhancing value um delivered to customers per dollar spent. So it's basically an instance of what Costco does and it continues to be today because if you see uh their deployment of verticals and their deliberate choice to lower the price of certain things which they continue to do and they recently did so with GP1s etc continues to show that these guys one perfectly understand the Costco uh blueprint and then two continue to execute it at the highest level. One one more followup about portfolio construction before I turn it over to Patrick. Um there's someone in the Discord who wanted me to to ask about this. Is it true that it's roughly 10% of your portfolio in HIMS but closer to 40 or 50% in AMD? And if so, is that related to relative valuation or do you just believe more in AMD than in HIMS at at this point? Yeah. So, I believe that's that's someone uh he wants me to reveal what my exact allocation is. So, he's kind of, you know, trying to trick me into that. Uh I don't usually share my exact allocation, but obviously as these picks get bigger, it changes. And so, AMD was a small investment uh over 10 years ago now. Pounder and Spotify were much bigger than what I invested originally, and now they're huge. And honestly, him is getting pretty big as the original investment has gone up in size. So the answer is I'm staking a considerable size portion of my net worth in this. And if I go to zero here, it's not going to be a a non-material uh loss as was the case with Amoris. So I'm I'm quite heavily invested in this. And if I don't win here, I'm going to get hurt. Um that's that's as much as I can say. I'll turn it over to you, Patrick. All right. Uh you obviously have touched on a number of things that I think we're going to come back to a little bit later and explore in depth, but for now I'm going to um I'm going to play up one of the things you were just saying. You made a lot of references to Costco. Uh and I I would like to to shift a little bit to some of the other uh companies that I think you've compared him to. So namely Netflix, Amazon, Spotify, which I think is another one of your key investments. Um, so what what are in your view the similarities and differences between these different companies? That's a great question, Bay Payside. Thank you very much. So look, with Netflix, I was studying this company in 2022 when the stock dropped 70%. and remember that some great investors capitulated on this and I couldn't for my life see through that moment in time and so I was fascinated by that and I continued studying Netflix and what I learned the reason I wasn't able to see that opportunity back in 2022 is Netflix actually has a strong moat and it's an example of moes in the what I call the network defined economy and it basically comes down to the following premise which is a marginal advantage in user experience or more broadly in the in the context of the costal algorithm in value delivered uh to customers per dollar spent. So marginal advantage there when you are dealing with the digital space and network effect dynamics tends to equate to an exponential advantage in terms of adoption. So it's it's similar to Netflix hymns and Spotify in the sense that a component of its mode which I believe is currently underappreciated is just you know being 1% better or you know 0.2% better here and there in various aspects of the user experience and in improving the rate at which you deliver a better user experience faster than other competitors. So it's the the speed of iteration etc. And so hints is similar to these companies in that if you look at this company at the surface you won't really see a mode. Then further if you sort of contrast the modes of companies like Netflix, Spotify and Uber today which I think is a great instance of the cost algorithm too. HIMS has the same kind of mode information plus it has a heavy component of atscale personalized manufacturing. So it's it's similar in that you know they they have an expertise in terms of user experience and basically their mode comes down to a speed of iteration that others can't match and an exclusive focus on the task plus a new component which is the um the personalized manufacturing. So that's kind of how I look at the modes of this company. So it's interesting the market thought in 2022 that HBO, Disney Plus etc would kill Netflix. Similarly, the market thought that Apple and Amazon were going to kill Spotify. Similarly, now the market has been uh tentatively thinking that Tesla was going to kill Uber. And so, it just happens with these platforms. Every time the market uh underestimates them, what shines through is their focus on the end customer and their ability to iterate on the user experience. So, to maximize outcomes for for stakeholders in the platform. So I see HIMS doing that plus a component of atscale manufacturing which if you look at a company like life MD which some people compare to HIMS there is no such component as of yet so essentially I believe that much like has happened with these companies the mode of HIMS continues to be undervalued in my opinion it's strong it's obviously information because this is now a seven to eight year old company but the that that part of its mode combined with the atscale personalized manufacturing is actually yielding a much stronger mode I believe than the market has been pricing in. So the reason for which I think despite the rapid growth hs is trading today even at a rather timid price to sales multiple is the jury is out on the moat and that's kind of where the conversation between longs and shorts are well yes the financials are great but I think Amazon is going to kill this company I think the GOP one business is going to be disrupted etc. So what continues to be misunderstood here is the difficulty of replicating this platform and doing so across a growing volume of verticals. So that's how it's similar to these companies. Then these companies are of course perfect examples of how to optimize value delivered um to customers spent per dollar spent on their behalf. So if if you if you read through Netflix's quarterly earnings reports, you will see that nothing changes in the narrative before and after the two coco stepped up. Nothing has ever changed in the company's operational philosophy. They just talk about enhancing the content slate. A lot of people will say the content sucks. A lot of people will talk badly about Netflix, but everyone's on Netflix and they just have more and more users. And it's because they have that exclusive focus that other companies are not able to match. So this is broadly this is what um Square now called block uh co-founder Jim McKelie coined the innovation stack which is when you have a company that's so obsessed truly obsessed on the end customer it ends up deploying thousands of thousands of incremental improvements that create the moat. So there there's a story uh Amazon tried to kill Block back in 2014 and sort of Block co-founders kind of I mean they said we're going to continue but we're going to kind of say goodbye to the world because we're going to get killed for sure and then they didn't and so Jim McKelie the co-founder went to explore this and he found out that this model is broadly true when you have a company with much larger resources and one that has less resources but is highly focused and is truly customercentric. So again both at the operational blueprint level at the level of the true c sorry the true focus on the end customer etc. HMS is very similar to Spotify, Netflix, uh Uber, etc. and and other companies that I think are it's actually most similar to Durolingo right now. And you can see that Dolingo is trading at something like 30 time sales and it sort of shows you what multiple the market is willing to assign when it when it sees a rapidly growing company with a strong moat or perceived as such. I want to explore this platform thing although I before I forget I will mention I I think your uh interest in life MD is in is of interest uh there are some differences as I'm sure you know we don't need to get into it now but the the one one takes insurance one doesn't if we have time to explore that a little later I'd love to explore we we'd love to get management from life MD to come on we may try to do that in the future but but not sidracking because my my real question at the moment is to explore this platform idea. Um, you mentioned Amazon. Uh, certainly Netflix in a sense is a platform. So, I'm gonna I'm going to combine a couple of questions here. So, give me a little bit of extra time for a lead in, but I want to kind of get your feedback on this platform idea. So, let's start with Amazon. Um, with respect to Amazon, you wrote that it provides quote such exceptional convenience, low prices, and wide selection to customers that a growing volume of merchants uh simply have no option but default to the platform. You went on to say you could see a future where quote health care providers will likely have to operate through HIMS to be competitive, thus making the comparison. Um before I turn it over to your answer, I want to give you a little bit more um color from something that Andrew Dudam uh has said, but I'll start with your quote. You said, "The jackpot for hims would to become a platform that legacy providers use to operate more efficiently." And then you called out this quote from Andrew Dudm from the Q4 earnings call. So, a couple of earnings calls ago, here's the quote. I'm sure you know it well. Uh, Dudm said, "As our verticalized capabilities and platform get stronger, we see a path to export our capabilities beyond the walls of hims and hers, helping legacy health care enterprises transform to be capable of delivering the same quality, efficiency, and personalization for their patients. Our recent investments are in lock step with this future vision. So, put all that together, you're talking about creating the platform idea that we talked about that we've seen created in other contexts. Tell us a little bit more about how you think that might play out. Sure. Uh, awesome input. Yeah, definitely. So, actually this ties in very neatly with the LifeMD thing. You're absolutely right that LifeMD takes insurance and you can actually see that their focus is scattered across a number of key priorities. one being increasing the rate of coverage in whatever products they funnel customers into and two now they're tentatively trying to get into doing their own manufacturing and then they have this thing which I don't understand which is a productivity platform which to me is you know I think it kind of shows they're not focused right so him on the other hand Andrew mentioned I believe it was in the last earnings call he he has absolutely no interest in getting into the insurance thing why because these guys are absolutely maniacally focused on having a cost advantage and so as as you project that out in time actually one customer today from my course was asking me how do they get into other countries like the EU well the answer is by collapsing the cost of healthcare to zero kind of like what Amazon does with commerce it's traditionally a a a um defitary business so it loses money has lost money etc but it's kind of the cost leader into an ecosystem and so actually hints is maniacally focused on having a cost advantage which I believe should the extraordinary execution continue will be deepened will be enhanced across a growing volume of verticals etc. as that h as that as that happens essentially they they deliver value at a price which is hard to replicate and once it becomes impossible for anyone else to replicate as is the case with Amazon today then people are obliged to default you as a customer are obliged to default to Amazon as a seller you are pseudo obliged to default to Amazon etc and so if if you look at the world of therapeutics that's coming now with peptides uh gobb1 and being the first instance of that. If you think about any physician in Spain that would have to deliver a peptide treatment for anything, GOP1 is just weight loss. But if you want to sleep better, if you want to actually recover sexual function, if you want to perform better at the gym, if you want to truly be optimized, you have to go down the peptide route. There is no actual supply chain for that. Doctors don't know what to look at. Uh they don't really know what actual primary care to deliver in terms of side effects, etc. If you can do all of that at a cost much lower than the existing healthare system could do within a given geography, then they just have to default to you. And really the primary driver of people defaulting to that is capturing the zeitgeist. So it's kind of like this is why I'm so bullish over the next 5 years which is you know GOP1 makes people skinny. Cool. But then what if you have this subscription which is fundamentally longevity enhancing and it just it makes you more musly. It actually makes you skinny. it makes you more intelligent etc. All of this would be downstream of fixing your mitochondria uh increasing your growth hormone levels via physiological processes so that once you're off that it doesn't actually go down the levels etc. Like h is increasingly pointing to a scenario where they can do that and it's not just even about the cost is that the actual existing healthare system can't do that because you need this vertically integrated infrastructure that hs is building. So if if say peptides didn't exist, I I believe HIMS would be on that path anyway. But with this next generation therapeutics, I think HIT is on on an accelerated path to that because it's not it's not only a matter of cost. It's a matter of the required infrastructure doesn't exist in mo in most places. And actually if if you look back over the past year and a half and stuff, Joe Rogan, Andrew Huberman, a bunch of other large influences of the personal development, they've been talking about peptides, saran, sarlan, etc. To me, that's the precursor of the of everyone else catching on. And I think that's what we're going to see over the next two years, two, three years. So, that accelerates the path towards them becoming a platform. It's just I mean I'm I'm doing peptides at the moment as I've been foc uh vocal about. And I just there is no supply chain in Spain. There is no physician that does it. There is no way there's nothing. And so I have to do this by scrapping stuff together from various suppliers worldwide, etc. So, um, that accelerates the path to then becoming a platform that others have to default to. Now, does that make you a member of the zeitgeist? Look, I mean, I was I I'm not doing this because I'm special or anything. I was just forced to do this because I had a health thing uh back in 2021 and and it's it's of course part of the reason why I'm so bullish on this company. I I went to different doctors and they said, "Hey, I'm experiencing this." And then they said, "Well, maybe you can take an ibupotin every day or you can take pain pain painkillers or whatever." And I just knew that I wouldn't find an answer down that route. I had to do it on my own. And and now I see the potential for everyone else. And and you can kind of see how things catch on, right? I mean, it's cool to lose fat, but there's so many other great things you can do uh with these. We might we might return to this topic. Uh I know a little later, but I'm going to kick it back to Jonathan. I didn't realize there was a personal origin story behind your interest in him. So that's cool to hear. And that as Bayside Patrick alluded to, there are a few more questions about peptides because you're you're honestly in addition to Huberman and uh Rogan, you you really are one of the foremost influencers I think in in that domain. So we I can confess I'm genuinely interested just in that topic. So yeah, we were about it. So with a perfect match. Yeah. Yeah. We we have a few more questions on that. Um real real quickly, do you devote any mental space to the competitor row? Not really. Uh I mean there's little information and to me the data point that compresses everything is the app store rankings. So um I don't think him will be the only uh rat in this race. sort of put it some way but uh I default back to the idea of the importance of scale user experience etc. So Spotify is not the only player in the music industry, but because of that marginal advantage compounded over the long term, they've won big. So I mean, per the data that I have now that's publicly available, I think HIMS is so far ahead of anything else. Yeah. So ROW Row is the little brother. That's yeah, I think that's roughly how we see it as well. Let's let's move to the question of whether HIMS is a tech company. In recent episodes, we've sort of dug into this question a little bit. There are some doubters. There's a line of thinking that essentially goes, you know, the financials sort of look like those of a tech company. There are subscriptions and recurring revenue. Gross margins are are pretty juicy, but under the hood, at least as of now, this is not a tech company. There's no tech to the operation or little tech. There's med match, but it's not clear what that is exactly. There is some data, but it's not clear exactly how they're going to use it. It's just marketing plus generics plus a little bit of drug compounding. So question to you Antonio, why is this view wrong and why should HIMS be viewed as a tech company and the foremost healthcare tech company? Yeah. Yeah, that's a great uh observation. Uh I think the same. I think that there's a lot of infrastructure that has to be built. But what they do have for now which is the most important uh value driver of the 21st century is a network that's producing a growing volume of uh high value high signal data. So if look I studied neural networks for two or three years and once I was done I was very disappointed because I was like what do I do with this knowledge now? I need data and you know you can play around with neural nets on PyTorch or whatever but if you don't have an infrastructure that produces data or you don't go and work for someone who does you can't really do anything with it and so what I see is that they are they are bu they have the only closed loop whereby they treat someone that produces data then they can look at that data and go and iterate on their service treat someone else etc etc now what they have to do now what they are planning on doing is with the 1 billion they raised actually build the infrastructure that automates that loop uh that actually trains an AI model etc. But where this company is uniquely positioned and it's the reason why I would assign a tick multiple to it is that it's the only such network definitely in the realms of the current scale. So if you look at LifeMD, they have a network, but it's only a few hundred thousand um subscribers, much smaller, orders of magnitude uh and actually an order of magnitude smaller. And so it's the combination of scale, proprietary data, etc. That's how you bootload an AI. Now, if this were any management team, I would say I wouldn't assign perhaps a valuation multiple, which is techlike, but this is a management team that has exhibited extraordinary ability to operate across the board. So the thing that other than the example that I was talking about from that quarter back in 2023, what HIMS management has done is pulled together an impossible string of feats such that the combination of executing that uh sequentially the probability of getting that right was zero. And so that's actually customary of world-class management teams. You can see a similar you can see similar breadcrumbs in Amazon back in the day when they killed eBay. You can see that in Spotify over the past three to five years with much bigger players etc. Therefore, what happens is when I see a management team like that whenever they set to allocate capital to some new endeavor to me the odds of success there are higher than they would be otherwise. So I had this customer who sent me a message and said hey this Novo thing was borderline miraculous. How did you know? how did he not cave in to the short thesis of you know there is such high legal risk therefore the company is going to go to zero etc and I said it's obviously when you invest it it always comes down to probabilistic assessments with incomplete information but generally when you have when you have a management team that just does one impossible thing after another just the odds of success broadly in whatever they do is high and so with this 1 billion uh dollars in capital they have now I assign sufficiently high odds of them then capitalizing on the data advantage they've built. And so I think over the next five years that sort of adds it's an additional tailwind to the idea of peptides capturing the site and and I think that becomes a a much much stronger mode than just UX alone. I'm going to um uh sort of build on what you just said uh throw in another tech and data focused question. I'm going to uh pivot a little bit from the one I was going to ask because you sort of did, but let's go a little deeper. So, I'll throw in some observations and you can react to them. Uh so, okay, you've got uh data. That's great. How exactly does that build value? I guess it's the base question. Then before I ask for a response, you know, at least as as far as I'm concerned, some things that are easy upfront is AI assisted medicine. So you can get faster um uh faster work with the physicians, the human physicians that are making at the end of the day the judgment calls, but they're they're getting AI assistance in terms of uh maybe flagging certain things to make sure they don't escape the notice of of the med. But that's just basic level for starters. You've got personalization. These are things that can be and I think are being done already. But as you scale things get big bigger. You've got a much bigger and richer data set. They're going to be adding lab diagnostics at the end of this year. Uh you've got a billion dollars to play with as you mentioned to build AI capabilities beyond what it is. So, so do give us a little more depth and color on kind of how we translate beyond just the data the practical uses um of of that plays into that broader bullish uh view that you've got. Sure. Yeah. So, uh I'll give you a practical example. I'm right now I'm on SS31 MC and humanin and these are mitochondrial peptides. All right. And uh I started off fine the first two, three, four weeks. And now with the dose that I was initially prescribed, I just can't stop. I have to work out two times per day. I'm reading all day, writing all day, doing podcasts all day, and then I'll get into bed and I won't really sleep uh until quite late, right? So it's I mean, it's great, but it's kind of horrendous over the past week or so, and I'm just going to have to decrease the dose. And so that's just one set of peptides that that's mitochondrial health. Everything is downstream of that. But say if I were layering on top of that GLP1s and then maybe some samurrel to build muscle, other peptides for the immune system. You know, we are we are indeed amidst a kind of biological warfare, although this is little known and and that translates into your immune system working less and less every year. If you if you sort of want to minimize the side effects, enhance your quality of life, enhance the outcomes by basically staying longer on the treatment etc. If you have an initial estimation of what your actual dosage should be, how much you should be doing, when you should be doing it, other lifestyle things like, hey, you know, maybe you shouldn't be working out four times per day, you should be doing this instead. So all that kind of intelligence if you can have that delivered to you at the outset or throughout the process in a way which doesn't require you paying 200 bucks every time you want to speak to someone then that's value and so with with the with the data set thing in AI you can deliver that to everyone and at a low price. So you can bring something that's uh otherwise a luxury concurge service to simply everyone and um and that's how you deliver value. So as as you layer treatment on treatment uh that happens. So just to sort of link that back with what I was talking about previously about this siteist and everything I just want to bring out the presentation from uh yeah so what caught my attention from the last quarter is actually average revenue per online subscriber is increasing quite quickly and so it's gone from something like uh I can't pull out the graph as I'm talking. Yes. Here we go. It's like 60 to 80 82. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. So, it's gone from in Q2 2024 to from 57 to 84 in Q1 2025. So, incredible growth. I'll I'll give to the credit of the bears. That's mostly due to GP1. You know, as as you have other peptides, they can do stuff for you. That's a lot of we're going to see an exponential increase there. And we're going to see a lot of people trying they they want to understand like what do I feel like this? Is this from this peptide or that peptide? What should I do? Etc. Millions of people doing that at the same time. So if you have the data etc that's how you deliver the value to the marketplace in a way that no one else can that's that's the platform thesis one of the quickly before I kick it back to Jonathan so yes as you correctly noted a lot of that is due to GLP1s which are more costly but one of the things that I've noticed if you were to go back a few years not very long there's a brief period of time where they used to give data on both subscribers meaning human beings and subscription shuns total. And if you put the two of them together, uh they were pretty closely aligned. Uh there were a few more subscriptions than there were subscribers, but it was pretty close to one one. Uh, one of the interesting things that changed with GLP1s was not just the number of dollars that came from GLP1s themselves, but the number of folks who went on a GLP1 who were already customers or the reverse of that, those who came on to GLP1s who started subscribing to something else. So, you started seeing closer to multiple subscriptions per subscriber. And it seems like as we go forward there's going to be more opportunities that that will not be a GLP1 only phenomena. That's a that's a beautiful thing. I just wrote that down. I wasn't thinking along these lines. That's uh that's wonderful. Yeah, once once the customers are in the ecosystem, Patrick, it's clear that it's clear that um they're going well, think if you got lab diagnostics, think think if you've got this prototypical potential customer uh Antonio here who's who's really taking care of himself, is looking forward uh working out, doing all these things and doing a full lab diagnostic and we're discovering all kinds of things to get maximum performance, greater longevity, and so forth. It seems like that opens up a lot of potential content. Yeah, I agree. And then just to add to that about the um I think what happens, I'd be interested to know how management is going to tackle this, but once you have a peptide manufacturing facility, uh the difference between one peptide and another is just arranging amino acids in a different sequence etc. So the versatility with which from one place you can produce you can tackle a growing number of end applications is so much higher than what we've seen previously. even with skin, you know. Yeah. Jonathan, sorry. No, no, please continue. I I didn't I didn't mean to. This is where Jonathan, I think, was going to go next anyway. No. Yeah, you're you're anticipating something, but I I want to hear you go. Yeah, run with that, Antonio. Sure. I'll just I'll just just to cap that off. There's a peptide called GHKCU, uh, which basically has copper attached to it, and if you inject that, it makes your skin perfect. And, and so, and you can actually apply it topically, you can regrow your hair with it, etc. And uh you can maybe combine that. I mean you can have so many end outcomes by just combining a bunch of these peptides together and then the ease with which you can produce one or the other is relatively high compared to highly siloed um manufacturing processes. So typically if you want to do something for skinincare or you want to do something for the digestive system you have to take two routes which are completely they they may run parallel in some way but there are completely different active ingredients but say I mean say you want to perfect the skin you can I mean it's it's both applicable to make your skin better and make your digestive system better to combine GHKCU with another one called KPV or just do the two separately. And so I I hope I can sort of express just the the increasingly synergistic nature of the business as they move into peptides, right? So it's it's like with with one single peptide, it's the combinatorials of this just give them so much more optionality. So so just that that's what I wanted to add. Yeah, thank you. This is probably the time during the podcast where I should say that this is not a podcast for medical advice. I don't know the I don't know the laws around that, but it seems prudent to mention that. It really is not a podcast for medical advice. Okay. Um I do want to click into this peptide stuff more because as you said, HIMS bought the peptide facility. The question is, and we've been wondering for three months, what are they going to do with it? And so you've you've sort of laid out this vision where peptides are this thing that you can do a ton of stuff with. You can combine them in all sorts of ways. Um but you know we have this product road map that Hims has given us. It's a gorgeous chart. They give it to us I think during every quarter uh in the shareholder letter. They, you know, they lay out the product categories pretty discreetly. Sexual health, mental health, uh, dermatology or hair loss and weight loss, right? Question is, how are peptides going to fit into that chart and where should we expect them to contribute first? Because I I understand for you, you know, you're you're an individual operator. You can source them from anywhere. uh and you can do what you want. But for HIMS, right, what is HIMS going to apply pepi peptides to first and how should we think about this in terms of a a new product? Yeah. So um I mean these guys have demonstrated an incredible ability to select verticals. So I'm I'm relying on that going into the future. As as you're saying, one thing is talking about peptides in the abstract and then another thing is taking the capital allocation decisions. The thing that's that's that I think is going to be tricky with peptides. So I don't think it's going to be easy for them to do is that peptides broadly are deflationary to the prochemicalbased drug industry for any condition. Um and so what that means is that say I mean a bunch of these are actually illegal. Uh I think SS31 is illegal in Spain actually. And so SS31 has been proven it's or it's you know clinically so anecdotically it fixes heart problems. It obviously makes your mitochondria much better. Uh it does great things to your brain as well I believe and stuff like that. So why why is it illegal? Well because each local authority well you know they they don't know these things. Uh there is no supply chain. There is no physician that works with them. Therefore, there is no incentive for clinical trials. Sometimes these authorities don't really want the deflationary events to happen. So, it's a whole combination of things. So, what that means is that going forward, firstly, I trust him management to select the adequate vertical. But two, this is going to be a highly conflictive domain with the existing industry. We've, you know, we've been up and down with GLP once, but and and this is interesting because I do believe and I actually my my friend Brian Burnbam, he sent me a post uh on LinkedIn thinking HIMS was looking for someone to take care of clinical trials on on HIMS, right? So what they are thinking about in my view is they have to get going with their own clinical trials in order to prove the efficacy and safety of these things and they have to start pushing these these initiatives in a way that competes with the existing trial uh system which is which is based on farmer profits right so it's it's conflictive but the optionality is endless and as I'm saying it's highly synergistic I've tried it myself and that's how I know But it's it's going to be tricky. And so investors have been nervous about GOP ones uh since inception. I think people are going to be a lot more nervous about whatever peptide they do next because farmers not going to appreciate that. And what happens with these peptides say for example KPB KPB is highly anti-inflammatory and none of this is medical advice. I'm not a doctor etc. Okay. But say today I went to the gym in the morning because I have a lot of energy. Typically after that I would feel some inflammation and then I couldn't play tennis in the afternoon. But with KPV taking KPV on the previous night I feel zero inflammation. I feel recovered already. And basically KPV just out competes so many prochemicalbased drugs in the market including um ibuprofen any any any drug that makes your your digestion system better because it actually closes gut per uh permeability too. And so it's going to be messy and it's going to be deflationary to the pharma industry and it's going to be tricky. So what they do next, I mean, they obviously talked about testosterone or menopause. I don't know how much of that is driven by peptides, but my my uh excuse me, my peptide specialist, Jessica Alana, Jessica has has talked about a bunch of peptides that do a whole bunch of things. It's it's highly synergistic, highly tricky, just problematic to execute, but I think they're gonna they're gonna manage basically. So, it sounds like the incentives are not aligned between pharma and hymns yet again. But I want to I want to there was something that I posted um there was some market research market forecast for peptides suggesting you know 117 billion by 2034. you I think you commented on that post of mine or was a HIMS house post saying that it was way too low 117 billion 2034 way too low. Do you have any sense for what the overall market size will be in 78 years? Do you have a forecast there? Yeah, just just much bigger because it it basically captures a siteist. I mean you can do anything to your health with this thing. What I think I was going to say before is these are not patentable. These are generics. So KPB is say generic and I don't actually know how it is that pharma is able to patent uh GP1s. We obviously have the generic one but you I mean I guess so I guess they discovered GB1. I'm not actually sure of the history. But these other peptides that have such extraordinary applications have already been discovered and they're generic and and that's how I think it gets tricky, but I don't know what they can do um to to tackle that. I was talking about KPV, GH, KCU, Samarellion, any other peptide that makes your growth hormone levels increase. Um none of these are patentable. These are generics, right? And so, um, Martin Skrey was talking a bit about this if it was a longer longer interview. Um, and we only spent a few minutes on this, but he was a little skeptical of the patents as well. Yeah. I mean, I mean, these these are just strings of amino acids put together and and you can't really patent them. However, longer term, so if if you if you think about the body on a first principles basis, it's just a Lego block of proteins. And so proteins have a specific shape and that shape determines their function because the body is just weak electromagnetic attractions between proteins of inverse shapes, right? So it's it's just like this massive Lego block with lots and lots of proteins. So theoretically, if you wanted to perform any single function in the body or any combination of them, you could design a string of amino acids of a specific sequence and just inject that in the body and and you could perfectly foresee what's going to happen in the body including the desired uh clinical outcome, potential side effects, etc. Just because the process by which we create prochemical drugs creates shapes which we don't totally control. So the toxicity of prochemical based drugs comes from them attaching to receptors in the body which we can't really anticipate. So theoretically should we have enough compute to understand what's happening um inside a human body so at the proteomic level. So if we had that map a digital twin of that we could then synthesize really a chain of amino acids of any specific shape and then perform that function in the body. So, and I do expect we will move down that direction as AI continues to improve as we have more compute. We're maybe talking about beyond 5 years, but who knows how quickly AI can evolve. But as we move down that direction, then it is totally accretive to farmer because then that's going to require so much research, so much compute power, it's going to be capital intensive, etc. in the interim as as you go on to fix uh health sorry health problems uh based on on these peptides that exist already and are generic etc. It's kind of I don't see how it's equitive to them. Simultaneously, it is true that pharma can maybe discover uh their own peptides and have that distributed via the HIMS platform. What's happening with him and Lily now and you can see that in their respective earnings scores and you can see it in life MD is both are on a race to scale with GLP1s in that in the eyes of the patients and I think it's true in the physicians too the performance of their respective branded GLP1 offerings is hard to distinguish. It's sort of I don't know if of anyone yet or I haven't seen this emerge saying I prefer Lily versus Novo. just a matter of what do you have in your hands and I people do take these decisions but Lily and Novo understand that there is no actual key differentiation so what they're doing is and Novo has done this more aggressively with him they've changed their strategy over the last year or something like that and they're just trying to maximize scale and distribution you can see that in Novo's latest earnings call where they actually sacrifice short-term financial performance in order to enhance distribution and that sacrificed short-term financial performance comes from discounts uh on we go right so what they understand and and this is particularly true of Novo per the HIMS deal is that what they have to do is maximize scale in order to compound the most goodwill out of Lily and Novo if we just isolate the GLP1 thing the one that's going to win is the one that captures the top of mind and so that's a problem that's going to remain true uh for whatever they create next and they're actually the the the Novo deal with HIMS is cool because it derisks the investment, but they're actually doing this with LifeMD and they're doing this wherever they can, right? But going forward, the value of hints as a distribution channel, as people open their minds to peptides in general, I think it's going to go up because although these generic peptides exist and I believe are going to be very effective, I think that the potential for them to discover subsequent uh the therapies which work similarly to GLP-1s is high. So it's it's kind of a give and take probably rocky um you know legally dangerous at times but I believe that the incentives are are actually accretive to both companies long term and I believe they will appreciate that because I mean definitely if you look at Nova management and you read the earnings these guys are thinking long term uh they just want to build the most effective well-known appreciated uh portfolio of of therapeutics and then distribute them as much as possible. that's their business. So, I believe it's it's going to be great for both. It just depends on how you manage the relationship, which uh HMS is doing well for now. Now, I know we're we're at noon or we're pushing up on the top of the hour here. Um Antonio, how long do we have you for? I mean, I can I can hang around. I I made uh time for you guys. It's an honor to be here. So, no rush. You could do another 10, 15. Easy. Yeah. 100%. Great. I'll I'll let you jump in then, Patrick. One thing I'll say is that uh for me at least embedded with some of the things that you said, although I'm not sure this is where your head was at the time, if we think back, I think everyone here uh understands that the one of the key bare criticisms has been this is just a Viag generic Viagra generic finestide company. They're not doing anything that's all that interesting that's worthy of, you know, a huge multiple. And yet, we just spent time listening to you talk about things that are very future oriented, putting together the peptides and some of the other things that are out there. uh and if that is the future path which may be a complicated path but if that's the future path I I can't see the multiple not growing because it is if if it does follow that path that is a an innovation and technology path yeah what do you think about that so I I don't usually make my investments um I mean the thing with valuations is they they expand and they compress and they do that many times a year often So if you look at AMD for instance, the valuation was relatively expanded a year ago. Now it's highly compressed. Um the the reason I'm invested in this company is I believe they have the tech road map to enhance free cash flow per share going forward. Sometimes you have the combination of the two things. I still believe that the valuation multiple for him is silly. It's very low as was the case with Spotify when I invested and continues to be now. So, it's kind of like it's it's part of the upside, but I'm not relying on it. I'm not buying calls with specific uh uh strike prices or anything. I'm just owning the shares. So, I think there's tremendous upside in terms of the valuation multiple expansion. And in terms of the fundamentals playing out in the interest of time, I'm not going to keep you on this particular topic. Let me ask a quick one and then I'm going to pass it back to Jonathan. So, so this is kind of related uh to what we were just talking about. So you have in the past I've listened and read a lot of the stuff that you've written and and put out there. You repeatedly referred to him's management team as world class. I think you may have even done it today with us. Um is there anything in particular that you think differentiates this team from others uh management teams for some of the other companies that you've covered? So they I mean it's it's always hard to I think when you when you believe you're dealing with extraordinary management teams it's hard to rate them. So could I say right now you know is Alex Karp a better CEO than Lisa Sue or better than Daniel Egg? To me they're sort of they're all in the same basket and the reason they're in the same basket is they perform as I was saying just a string of impossible achievements one after the other. And what they excel at is somehow I mean these guys are typically and girls in the case of Lisa uh these guys are highly cerebral highly capable and then they can infuse that capability across the organization. And so I always say that culture is actually the precursor of financial performance. It's true for for the world in general. It's true for nations and it's true for companies and organizations. And so with him, as I was saying, I I continuously see them performing a string of impossible achievements such that if if you take what they've done since I first came across the company, I did the deep dive up until today, the probability of them doing that was zero. And it continues to be even less to to whatever extent it can be less as time goes by. So where would I rate them? Well, it's funny because Andrew doesn't come across like a genius, right? you wouldn't say like this is this guy's a crazy founder and he's going to but he's he's a very capable guy and it's interesting because when you deal with an early stage company you don't really know where the ex where the brilliance is coming from so you would say it's Andrew all my respects to him by the way I think he's he's a wonderful CEO but it's sometimes it has to do it's a combination of the CEO with other co-founders sometimes some of the early investors as was the case in Palunteer with uh what's his name this guy that has a podcast called American optimist Joe Londale. Joe Lansdale, who also invested in HIMS, by the way. Interesting. So, it's it's usually a combination of things, but I'm kind of more preoccupied initially with are these guys defying the odds and do they do so sustainably? And and these guys are definitely doing it, which again is why I assign high odds of success going forward. Like the Nova thing was miraculous. I do expect more quote unquote miracles coming from them. All right, Jonathan. All right, let's close with two things. Um, now we got into price targets briefly, but I I I do want to bring it up again because your tweets take me they they're they're wild tweets, Antonio, where you say, you know, hymns is a 100x from here. I've seen this, you know, a few times. Some people dismiss these tweets, right, as clickbait or attempts to grab attention, whatever you want to call it. But I've read your essays, right? Watched your videos. We've now chatted with you here for an hour and I think you genuinely believe what you're tweeting, right? So question is, is him really a 100x? And if so, uh, is there a time frame behind that prediction? How long do you think it'll take for him to grow into that vision? Yeah. Well, uh, thanks initially for, um, just to start with, thanks for presenting me as a as a reasonable person. I think some people see these tweets and they're like, "This guy's coming, uh, with this out of thin air, but it's true. I I do write stuff in depth. I I think carefully about what I say." So, I I appreciate uh, you guys presenting me in that way. And the thing with hymns is I mean if I spend a lot of time studying past success stories like Costco, Netflix, Amazon etc. It it always happens if you go back in time that once these companies had some initial success people firstly 90% of the remarks about the company back at that time were on a quarterly context. So people were Andrew put it very nicely with the Harry Potter thing. He was he was saying how analysts were concerned back in the early 2000s about whether Amazon was going to license the latest Harry Potter book in one quarter or the next and the stock was flying around the place. So basically I think very long term and I focus on fundamentals at a deep level and to me so long as HIMS continues executing the Costco algorithm at the current level of brilliance honestly I think the potential over the long term is much higher generally how I'm seeing this is I believe free cash flow per share goes up something like 40 to 50x 2030 with a price to sales multiple expanding by around two or three and I think that's fairly conservative especially especially on the lower end. How do they get there? Well, it's I mean one very important data point that I think uh is not being people are not making enough emphasis on is the speed with which the weight loss vertical has grown. So I actually have this data uh this is uh let me just yeah here we go. Real quick, did I did I hear you correctly that 40 times free cash flow by 2030? No. 40 to 50 times the current levels of free cash flow per share. Per share. Okay. No, I'm just going to illustrate why I think that. And that's a 2030 estimate. Is that right? Yeah. Yeah. And and by the way, just just to just to it's obviously important that people understand where I'm coming from from a riskmanagement perspective. As I was saying, I have a portfolio of concentrated bets. uh and what I seek in these kind of bets is to be directionally right and then approximately right in terms of the magnitude. So as I was saying with Palanteer yesterday, it sounds very idiotic of me to say this thing can go up 100x. It could go up more than that or it could go less, but if it's in the ballpark, I'm going to be very happy and it's generally what I do my qualitative analysis to to achieve. Right? So this very important data point. So this is from um Q2 2024. By then the weight management business had grown to 100,000 customers and 100 million revenue run rate in a third of the time of the traditional of of any other of previous verticals. So what this shows you is that at the execution level these guys are deploying and ramping up verticals faster. As I was saying in the last quarter we saw organic growth picking up and uh marketing as a percentage of revenue ticking down. If you project that over the next five years and if this does actually capture the siteist as I believe is going to happen the combination of the rate at which they are increasing the speed of deployment and maturation of verticals together with organic growth picking up to levels to which I think they're going to pick up because remember it's materially different to talk about a we joke about this a boner pill company and a company that optimizes your health and we are talking about optimization at a which no treatments in the past have been able to do. So this is really what peptides can do for you. So that combined with the fact that you know great execution across the board, leverage uh we saw plenty of leverage in the last quarter. So let me just get the numbers again. So we saw general and administrative expenses decline yearover-year from uh 12% to 8%. Tech and development from 6 to 5% operations and support from 14 to 11. marketing again going back to that as a percentage of revenue 47 to 39%. These numbers are Q1 2024 to Q1 2025. So that combined again with the synergistic nature of the peptide business which I think is going to pick up nicely I think produces something of the sort and you can model that whichever way you like but fundamentally I believe that the number of subscribers goes way beyond what I think management is estimating for 20 uh 2030. these guys like to sandbag and then uh average revenue per online subscriber increases dramatically. This is because much of the uptick that we're seeing now, as we talked about, comes down to GLP1s. But once people discover they can do all these sort of things to optimize their health, which I've illustrated on the podcast, I think that continues to tick up exponentially, especially as there's no real other way that you trust and that's that's actually effective, etc. of doing that other other than going these sort of rogue routes as I have, right? So the combination of that yields much more subscribers and then ultimately much higher revenue per online subscriber and you can model that whichever way you want like what five times more subscriber two times three times uh how much more revenue per online subscriber broadly I think it's going to be in that ballpark if it's not in five years say if it happens in 10 I'd be very happy um the the the defining factor obviously you know there is risk and this could go wrong but the defining factor that would get this company there in 5 years versus 10 is the degree to which it captures the site guys. How popular does this get? And so the reason I model this as such, which is more aggressive, and I tend to be optimistic, highly paranoid too, but also optimistic is that you've seen what what has happened with GLP1s. So GLP1 ones are everywhere. And and seriously, if if you guys experienced what I'm experiencing right now, I mean, right now as I'm talking, I'm doing my LFMD LifeMD deep dive in my in the back of my mind. So I have like a bunch of processes, right? I kind of blacked out earlier, but if if you guys experienced that, you would see, well, like these things can make you skinnier, but they can do so many other things for you. And and there's there's a great backdrop there of of education, which I think is not broadly available. But in the modern world, there's a lot of stuff that's constantly harming your mitochondrial health, like you know, toxins, heavy metals, all all these prochemical drugs we take, um, pollution, etc. So I mean I think this is going to get very popular. So that's the risk if you don't mind me jumping in Jonathan. So I was going to ask you how how are we feeling about all this Pat? It's interesting. So first let me start with my comparatively bearish view. Uh but I'm really liking the things that you were just saying. So I you based upon my own numbers and just sharing them out there. I shared this with Jonathan in advance. Um, I was looking at maybe 10 million subscribers by the end of 2030. Uh, price target of around $200. Uh, I found, you know, the organic growth. I know they've mentioned that on some of the earnings calls. I wasn't sure how big that would be. Those are the numbers I was playing with. Now, that is that. Now, on the one hand, those are very nice numbers compared to the market, but they're still well short of the numbers that you are using. But you mentioned just in the comments that you just made for me uh made me realize where you're coming from and you made some really valid points which is as him starts crossing into some of these zeitgeist uh catching uh categories and they establish themselves as a leader and as uh really substantial organic growth kicks in then those numbers that I just shared with you are absolutely absolutely low. Uh and so it was really it was really interesting uh to hear you uh explain that in a way that just resonated with me. Yeah. The thing the thing that's so striking to me and I couldn't agree more, Patrick, is just how much Antonio has talked about today that lies outside traditional models. Yeah. um or that you know even you hear in the discord like on a daily basis and these are pretty cutting edge IMS investors in my view uh fanatical obsessed uh have thought about the thesis and the story in you know just about every way that uh most people have um this is certainly outside of the truest reports need reports Morgan Stanley reports like don't even get me started on the bank of America America reports, right? I and and I I do want to conclude with a sort of retail versus Wall Street question for you, Antonio, but um you were going to jump in with a response to Bayside. I mean, I was hopefully this segus into what you're going to say next, but just to quantify the thing about monthly online revenue per average subscriber. Uh yesterday I realized that I hadn't ordered my peptides correctly for the 3-month cycle, right? So it's always uh I guess it's got to be crazy to hear someone talking about this, but I had to order the vials for the last month. So for the ne for the next month treatment that was something like uh uh I bought some extra for other things, but I think it's something like 1,500 bucks, something like that per month on average. You're not going to be doing that all year round, but you might do various cycles, etc. So, we're talking about we're talking about a average revenue per subscriber, which is at least people that opt into this lifetime optimization thing that's an order of magnitude higher. And then we talk about that reverting the situation that we've been used to seeing with him, which is this is something people don't want to talk about to something people don't shut up about. So this fundamentally changes two of the core components of the business which is one the cost of acquisition two the lifetime value and it it basically modifies these two components by orders of magnitude in the direction you want them to go. Cost of acquisition goes down a lot. Just imagine you know you have all these fitness influencers and they talk about protein they sell protein shakes etc. they won't be able to shut up about these things and once it's uh available systematically for the subscribers it just becomes an additional source of revenue for them changes the distribution game completely and then the lifetime value I illustrated that just much much higher definitely so just wanted to to quantify that just for the benefit of of the audience well I couldn't be more excited about the future of hymns I I I I want to close with Um, as I sort of alluded to before, uh, there's there's a battle, I'd say, between retail and Wall Street. Uh, it may have started before GameStop, but I think it really, uh, was magnified during that saga. And I think it's fair to say, Antonio, please correct me if I'm wrong, but I think it's fair to say that there's an undercurrent of scorn maybe towards Wall Street or or for Wall Street in your writing, your tweets, just the way you think about the market and business generally. I share that perspective and indeed it's one of the reasons that I started Hims House. Uh I want to be the definitive investor community for him retail investors because I think there's a unique and val valuable perspective that we all share and that we all uh help each other discover by virtue of spending a lot of time each around each other. But I guess first firstly because I see you sighing is that is that true? And if so, maybe tell us about the power of the retail investor, why you think we can outperform why the retail perspective is valuable. Yeah, it's a beautiful topic, Jonathan. I was just signing because I was ventilating my brain. You know, it's like 35 degrees Celsius outside, lots of talking, but I'm having a blast right now. Uh, so the thing with Wall Street versus retail, I think it's one of the games we get to play. I think it's very fun. uh especially when you have Wall Street shorts sharing their opinion and uh making sizable bets. I think it's really fun. On the other hand, I think that uh there's a lot of people on Wall Street which are very smart. There's a lot of people on the retail side which are extremely smart. I think X has the highest concentration of smart people you're going to find anywhere. So, it's just the beauty. But the the thing that I think is important for retail investors is definitely we don't have this investor base that's calling you every day saying, "Hey, this thing dropped 5%. what are we going to do about that? Which I think many funds do per the way they they acquire capital, so raise it, per the way they manage the relationship with their investors. Retail investors don't have to do any of that. And so we can just focus 100% on fundamentals as some fun fund managers can do. So you've seen Buffett and Manga do that for decades and they've outperformed just because at times the market throws the baby out with a bath water and people don't care about fundamentals. So I think that X is this incredible university where you have people sharing amazing stuff like you guys do building tremendous communities of very smart people other people sharing you know many other ways of of looking at companies so it's a really fun game but I think investors retail investors are positioned to outperform by focusing relentlessly on fundamentals which is what I think the hs community is doing. I think we've seen many times where the market was testing the conviction uh via various narratives which actually had no impact on the fundamentals and hims investors continue to to make money. So very fun game uh lots of upside but of course I I have to say this just individual responsibility is so important. Uh I I'm just I'm really just talking to to my audience that may come over to your podcast because some of them were like well you know I got into him because of you guys you shouldn't do that. You got to do your own research. Uh things can get ugly at times. So, so you guys be ready for that, you know. But yeah, I love this game, Jonathan, and I think that uh you guys are doing a brilliant job. So, keep it up 100%. It's a fun game. Uh it's I'm I'm thankful that I get to play and uh thankful as well that get to host podcasts like this and that we get to talk to you for over an hour. Um, Antonio Linares, thank you so much for being a part of Hims House. We'd love to have you back at some point in the future. This has been episode 32. Thank you so much for coming on. Thank you guys, Jonathan and Patrick. had a great time.
