---
ticker: HIMS
type: youtube
title: "Hims & Hers Update: The Real Story Behind Earnings | $HIMS"
channel: "Asymmetric Investing by Travis Hoium"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LhEPveEQtjo
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 16453
---

# Hims & Hers Update: The Real Story Behind Earnings | $HIMS

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Asymmetric Investing by Travis Hoium
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LhEPveEQtjo

## 转录全文

Hims and hers reported earnings after the market closed on Monday and investors were expecting a lot here. Frankly, there's a lot going on at the company, but a lot the company didn't talk about. They did not talk about the lawsuit from Nova Nordics. They did not talk about what's going on with the FDA. What's the future of compounding GLP1s in particular? They also didn't mention, although it was disclosed in their SEC filings, that they're being investigated by the SEC. We don't know exactly what that was about, but they did report numbers for the fourth quarter and guidance for 2026. So, I'm going to ground this video in that and try to make sense of what the company is reporting because if you look at things on the surface, it doesn't look good. It looks like revenue growth is slowing at a really, really rapid rate. It looks like subscriber growth is slowing also. It is growth growing a little bit, but not very much right now. I'm going to show you that information, then I'm going to try to put put that into context with what we know with the business long term. Because if you're an asymmetric investor, you got to be looking at this as a company. What is it going to be in 10 in 20 years? I'm still very bullish on that future. They have to answer a lot of questions and that riskreward has gotten better as the stock has fallen. But all of that said, this is not a company that's without risk. So, let's dig into it. My name is Travis Hoyam. Thanks for watching Asymmetric Investing. If you want more from me, including my coverage on Hims and Hers, check out Asytric Investing, my newsletter. There's a link on the screen and a link in the show notes. You can see everything I'm doing with the asymmetric portfolio. That portfolio tough start to 2026, but still beating the market over a long period of time, and that's exactly what I want to do. I also want to thank this video's sponsor, Fiscal AI. You're going to see through Fiscal AI throughout this video. Phenomenal charts, phenomenal data comes out just minutes after earnings are released. And I'm going to show you some of the transcript information that they get because they make it really easy to listen to those transcripts and actually find information that you need very quickly. So, let's dig into it. First of all, I just want to show where the stock is trading right now. The stock is down about 6%. And if we just look at the 1-day chart here, you can see that shares were down about 10% early in trading today. But right now, we're basically flat over the past week. So, a lot of volatility with him and hers. Investors didn't really seem to know whether up was down early in trading today. Shares were were down after hours yesterday, too. And it seemed like that just continued early in the day, but obviously that momentum changed. Now, the two things that are getting the most attention are his and hers growth rate and then the cons the customer number. I'm going to go through the growth rate first. Make this a little bit smaller so it's more readable. But what you see here is the rate of growth is the blue line and then the column is revenue for him and hers. So a few things you should notice. There was an extremely high increase in the rate of growth in late 2024 and early 2025. What exactly was going on there? Him and Hers introduced GLP1s which were on shortage. They introduced compounded GLP1s in mid 2024. So there was a little bit of revenue in the June quarter of 2024, but that revenue really picked up in the third quarter and then into the fourth quarter and then that peaked in the first quarter of 2025. That's when we knew that GLP1s were going to be coming off shortage, meaning you couldn't just compound GLP1s for any treatment that you want. So him and Hers was going to have a little bit of a headwind there, but they got out in front of that. Basically filled as much volume as they could in the first quarter. And then that makes the comparables more difficult not only for the second quarter which you can see revenue actually declines sequentially but also over the next year plus. So now what we need to think about here is what is the long-term growth trajectory for him and hers. So here's what this looks like. If you do a 2-year compound annual growth number for Q4 2025, you get a compound annual growth rate of 58%. for the first quarter based on their guidance for the first quarter. I'll get to those numbers in just a second, but $612 million is the midpoint of that guidance, that would be a 39% compound annual growth rate from 2 years ago. And then for the rest of the year, for two Q2 to Q4 2026, that growth rate would be 35%. So, what I've been saying for a while here is that the growth rate here in these quarters was a mirage. This was not really a company that was fundamentally growing at 111% per year. But that said, the the slower growth rate here, 20%, let's just get to these guidance numbers now. Uh guidance for the first quarter 2026, 2 to 7% year-over-year revenue growth. That looks terrible. So, the company's gone from 111% revenue growth to 2 to 7% revenue growth. But again, this quarter was when it was peak GLP1 shortage. So, they were pushing out as much product as they could in that quarter. So that frontloaded that revenue that makes the comparable much more difficult because you're not selling GLP1s on shortage in 2026. So what I actually did in an article that just went out uh on asymmetric investing is I basically just shaved off some of this revenue here and said, "Hey, if we just didn't have we could guess how much revenue is coming from GLP1s, what's the growth rate in the nonGLP1 business?" And what I came out with was about a 30% compound annual growth rate. That's a really good growth rate. And if hims and hers is going to grow, the compound revenue for the business at 30% in the enterprise value to to sales for the company, the valuation is going to be 1.7x. That is a very very cheap stock. And I think that's where we're at today is the riskreward is just really attractive for him and hers, assuming things don't go completely terribly from a legal perspective for him and hers. The other thing that we have to note is that revenue recognition because of the way that they're selling some of these products changed in 2025. I'll get to the metric that you can really see this change in a big way. But what they talked about was some of the compounding that they were doing particularly in this period of time here late in 2024, early 2025. They were compounding and selling multiple months of treatments and then recording all that revenue immediately. So take Q1 2025 as an example. You wanted to sell as much product on that shortage or in that shortage as you could. So you may say, "Hey Travis, how about we sell you a 3mon subscription, maybe even a six-month subscription of GLP1s. We're going to actually take in the revenue today because you prepay typically for these treatments. Then we're going to ship you maybe 3 months, maybe even 6 months. I'm not exactly sure certain exactly how big their shipments were, but you could ship a few months worth of GLP1 treatments and then record all of that revenue, including taking all of that cash in the first quarter of 2025, even though somebody may be using that treatment for multiple months. The revenue was recognized when they shipped the product. What's changed throughout 2025 is that they've most moved most of this production to 503A facilities. That means that they're shipping more personalized dosages. So now instead of, let's say, shipping a three-month treatment, now you may be shipping once a month to people. You're going to still recognize that one month worth of revenue when you ship it out, but you're not going to be recording, but you're going to be recording just that one month instead of three months all at once. So let's say you make that shipment in 2025, you do a three-month shipment in March. You're going to record all of that revenue in March. 2026, that would be a third of it in March, a third of it in April, which is the second quarter, and a third of it in May, which is also the second quarter. So, it's just going to delay the revenue recognition. And where you're going to see that on the balance sheet is in a line item called unearned revenue. This is revenue that is prepaid for but has not been earned yet because you haven't delivered the thing that you say that you're going to deliver. So, Airbnb, for example, has a ton of unearned revenue because you pay for your trip before you actually do your stay. So, they're going to keep that cash. They keep it in unearned revenue. It's a liability. Then as soon as you complete your stay, then they pay out their funds and they record their revenue. So his and hers going to be very similar. They're going to take in the cash and then they have this unearned revenue that's going to be recorded over the next few months. So you can see this just explodes over the past couple of years as they've moved to more of these 503A compounded treatments that are going to push some of their revenue recognition off. So, you combine those two things and you can see why I'm saying that you need to kind of adjust your expectations, especially for this growth rate. I'll add that back in here. But you need to understand that this growth rate wasn't real, wasn't really that high. And this growth rate over here when we're making some of these adjustments, not only to compounded GLP1s, but also to revenue recognition is also artificially low. So, what's the real growth rate? The numbers that I come out to is somewhere between 25 and 35% is what the real kind of core growth rate is for him and hers. That is a really solid growth rate. It's a phenomenal growth rate if they can continue to do that over 10, 15, 20 years. But there's a lot of noise in the numbers and that's what investors are looking at today. So that's why when you look at this chart, if you just look just cherrypick the numbers and go March 25th, so the first quarter 2025 to today, look at this growth rate slowing. This is deceleration of growth. That is not what you want to see. And that's what a lot of investors are pointing to, especially when you look at the Q1 guidance is for just 5% or so revenue growth. So that growth rate is going to decelerate even more. But again, that's not really the full story. and you do the math on what the final three quarters of 2026 are going to look like, what their guidance was for, and you actually get that the final three quarters of the year, they're guiding for about 24% revenue growth rate at the midpoint. So again, you're going to have some of these GLP1 and revenue impacts in the back three quarters of the year, but the growth rate that they're guiding for, and typically they have beaten their guidance, is still a really, really solid number. Now, there were a few things that I didn't like about the earnings report. One of them was right here. So they go through and they show hey what's our market share of observed customers and obs of observed total sales versus kind of their competitors in this space and Roman health or row as they are better known is the real company to look at here and hers taking a ton of market share over the past few years but that's kind of slowed down and row has really picked up that's in part because of some of their partnerships that they have namely most recently with Nova Nordisk with the GLP1 WGO OV pill. So this number, this market share and also observed sales are likely to increase as a percentage of this industry overall. All that said, Him and Hers is still the biggest player, but not necessarily growing as quickly as Row is right now. They also really continue to rely on their personalization. In other words, compounding treatments. And these compounding treatments, the reason that's a risk is the FDA could come in and say, you know what, you can't compound these certain things. There is a law behind compounding. So, they're not going to be able to make compounding illegal, but they can restrict what you can and can't compound. And so, fewer and fewer hims and hers customers are relying on branded treatments or even generic treatments that are non-personalized. You can see that number has actually fallen from 1.1 million at the beginning of 2024 now to just.9 million. So, that's negative growth for non-personalized treatments. Again, if we go to a world where in particular weight loss goes to less personalized treatments, less compounding, now they're going to have to work with some of these branded bigger pharmaceutical companies. That's not something that they've done particularly well over the past few years. So, that's a point of contention that I see with him and hers business. I would like them to see be much more of a platform, offer all these solutions. And you know what? If something is high price, it's going to be high price because that's what the pharmaceutical companies are charging, not what him and hers is charging. pushing on this compounded GLP1 is really increasing more risk in the business. They could be just pushing things like their weight loss pills that has been particularly successful for them. We'll see how this plays out in the future. Management did talk about having a dozen or two dozen different weight loss treatments in the future. And then if they actually do that, if they're able to have all of them on the platform, now you do become much more of a platform player instead of being somebody that's a company that's just focused on compounding treatments. Now, all this said, I don't think this was a phenomenal quarter from him and hers. Growth was not necessarily what at least the most bullish investors hope for. The guidance wasn't phenomenal. It was okay, especially when you put it into a little bit of context with what the growth was during that GLP1 compounding craze. But there's a couple things that I keep coming back to with him and hers. One of them is that this is now a positive operating cash flow business. They've been pouring money back into building out some of their capital. So, they're going to continue doing that in 2026, but there's actually cash coming into the business. So, yes, there are risk from things like lawsuits, but there's also plenty of cash coming in to do things like go buy competitors like they've done with Eucalyptus recently, and also they added Zava in 2025. The valuation is also really compelling. I talked about an enterprise value to sales of 1.7. You could look at this PE multiple 28.8 on a forward basis. I don't know that that's the best metric because they're not really optimizing for earnings at this point. They're optimizing for revenue growth. They are assuming the acquisition of Eucalypt Eucalyptus closes in 2026. They're adding potentially $200 million in revenue. That was the number the management gave. They have a $450 million run rate today. That's growing at 100% in 2025. So that could be another business that's going to add 67 $800 million in revenue once you get to 2027. Lots of questions to answer, but at the current valuation, you got to look at the risk and the reward. The great thing about asymmetric investing is if you invest $1,000 in a stock, the most you can ever lose is $1,000. With a company like Hims and Hers, if the bullish scenario plays out, if this does become a disruptor in healthcare and they're able to grow revenue at a 30% compound annual rate over the next 10 years and you get multiple expansion and you get margin expansion, this is going to be a much much more valuable company a decade from now than it is today. That's why I remain invested in him and hers. I'll be doing my monthly buys at the beginning of March. So, not sure if I'm going to be buying his and hers yet, but I'm still holding on to this stock because the valuation is just so compelling. And if management can figure this out, get through some of these lumps that they're going through right now, I think the future is bright for him and hers. But hopefully this has been helpful context in how to read their current earnings report because there's definitely a lot of noise going on out there. Let me know if you have any questions or thoughts in the comments section below. Don't forget to subscribe to Asymmetric Investing. Thanks for watching everybody. See you here next time.
