---
ticker: HIMS
type: youtube
title: ""Hims is Building the Most Valuable Subscription On Earth""
channel: "Antonio Linares"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CgSdj-iEncA
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 16385
---

# "Hims is Building the Most Valuable Subscription On Earth"

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Antonio Linares
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CgSdj-iEncA

## 转录全文

Hello everyone, welcome back to the world's best investing podcast. I spent the morning reviewing HIMS's Q4 2025 earnings report and my takeaway is that this company remains positioned to go through an exponential inflection point starting this year in 2026 as I've been saying for a number of years now and culminating with radically transforming the healthcare industry forever by the year 2030. There's a few data points which are very revealing in regards to how HIMS continues executing towards this vision. Before we do that, let's dig deep into the bad stuff. The bad news is obviously this company is in legal trouble. However, if you review the earnest call transcript carefully, you will see that the vast majority of revenue within the weight loss operation does not come from GP1s. Secondly, the vast majority of the company's revenue does not come from the weight loss operation. Thirdly, the weight loss vertical grew in 7 months to $100 million annual revenue run rate, even XGP1, meaning the market is overestimating how important GLP wants are for this business. So, whatever conclusion you come to regarding the legal trouble, it actually doesn't concern the vast majority of the company's revenue, which I think leads me to the following conclusion. I think the following must be true and that's that the fundamentals are not likely to be as impacted by whatever happens legally as the market is currently pricing in with a price to sales ratio of around 1.5 which by all means is incredibly pessimistic. The second thing that's true is that net new subscribers are slowing down and there's been a massive slowdown over the past year. So let me show you the graph on the screen. So you can see how net new subscribers accelerated quite dramatically from mid 2020 to the recent highs in late 2024 and I think the slowdown has clearly coincided with the whole GLP-1 thing going away. So after the shortage ended, HMS was um forced to stop that business and then only do compounded semaglutide where the law allows. So I think this has led to a dip in net new subscribers. However, one thing I've learned which I think is quite a hard lesson to communicate and many of you that have been with me for a long time know is that companies don't grow in a straight line. So obviously we had Palunteer back in 2022 before it inflection point with government revenue slowing down, contribution margin trending down as they were actually gearing up to productize. This happened with AMD last year with the numbers not looking that good. Now all of a sudden looking a lot better. So if the game was about taking all numbers at face value, anyone could do this. It's obviously not about that. What I will say is that going forward as the new vertical scale like testosterone, menopause, labs, and so forth, if this metric doesn't pick back up, I will interpret that as a sign of structural degradation. But for now, I'm wary of jumping to conclusions because I've seen this many times and extraordinary companies even just do not grow in a straight line. What truly stands out from Q4 2025, apart from the idea that I think the drama has little to do with the fundamentals, is that this is the first time we see HIMYM's customers proactively seeking care. This is in my opinion the beginning of the longevity as a service thesis. Let me show you the number which makes me think that this is already starting to play out. So here in the graph on the screen you can see him's monthly online revenue per average subscriber. Obviously up a lot and what brought the company to this peak here was GLP1 and the whole weight loss operation which again much of it today. So the most of the revenue for fiscal year 2025 doesn't have to do with GLP1. That's what management is saying. You could make the case that they're lying, but I think it's already too much fantasy and and negativity. This is a management team with a very good track record. Actually, that dipped after the GP1 thing had to stop and now it's trending back up. This is apparently according to management because people are customers on him are achieving higher levels of engagement because of labs. 70% of people that take the do labs find a condition that's treatable on HIMS. And so according to them, that's what's driving higher money made per subscriber because people are starting to engage much more deeply with him. Now where this is headed isn't immediately obvious and I do understand that if you happen to have a linear view of the world but as I was saying there's two curves that are coming together here which is one more and better diagnostics for less quicker more conveniently and so forth and then an exponentially improving ability to understand it thanks to AI. So the combination of these two things what it does is exponentiate the level of engagements over the coming few years. Meaning it's not in in two years time if you do go in HIMS and do a labs assessment or whatever you're going to find much more things in that moment in time than today that you can treat on the platform and treat asymmetrically with the onset of peptides and stuff. So they said they invested something like $300 million in their facilities in fiscal year 2025 and some of that went into peptide R&amp;D. So while investors and analysts continue looking at this as a legacy operation and probably through the eyes of hysteria for the most part they're actually building something which is completely different to anything we've seen. just labs on the one end, AI on the other, then peptides is this trifecta that's now about to exponentiate the average online revenue, sorry, the the monthly online revenue per average subscriber. That's what I think we're about to see. Now, one thing Andrew highlighted during the call is that the price of GLP1s in the US are down something like 80% this year, and that's going to fly over the head of the majority of people. But what it means is that actually the value in this industry isn't in specific amino acid sequences. So specific peptides, but in figuring out actually what's the best peptide or sequence of amino acids for any given customer. In this case, that's the that's how value per token materializes. We've been talking about this this week, but basically the way you deliver more value per token than a generic model is by having more proprietary data than the model or than anyone else. Frankly, that's how you stay competitive in the marketplace. So, as they compound labs and people engage more deeply in stuff, what they're doing is building a proprietary data set which allows them to correlate biomarkers with treatments. And if you project that out two or three years in time, what you end up is with a superhuman AI doctor that no one else can really catch up with because you have to build the entire vertically integrated infrastructure, build all that data set which correlates biomarker outcomes with treatments, scale that up, do it reliably and so forth. So you will realize that actually most of the bare thesis of this company are coming from a drug cycle angle and it's fine that business exists and and God knows what will happen to it. But the point is this is the business these guys are actually building. Now the thing with diagnostics is right now it sits at the superficial end of the molecular spectrum meaning you know it's a lot deeper than going and seeing a guy with a white gown who can't even look at you because they're so busy right the system is so cluttered right now but it's going down to the atomic level. So this curve, the combination of these two curves is going to a very counterintuitive place in the next 5 to 10 years, which is atomically the network understands exactly what is going wrong in your body before it materializes clinically and is able to print whatever molecules or whatever other substance frequency or whatever you need to put into your body to stop that dysfunction at the atomic level from ever materializing clinically. That's where this business is headed. So if you listen to the earnings call, you may have heard Andrew talk about wearables and stuff. The thing with wearables is it's just one instance along this road. This thing is going to high frequency exhaustive real time biomarkers all the way from molecular level even electron level without within mitochondria and treating that asymmetrically. This is the machine that literally prints amino acid sequences if you want to talk about peptides or whatever other molecule even if the optimal peptide sequence hasn't existed yet. So this obviously clashes with the entire structure it will take time. We're talking about I mean ideally I'm going to be holding this company for the rest of my life but we're talking about something so radically different and if you look at the I mean the writing is on the wall in the earnings call transcript and that's that this is the first time we see this begin to happen with customers engaging with labs figuring out what it is they have to do next and literally where they were headed in terms of something clinically materializing years down the line. So obviously in this new realm the only difference between a customer in Japan, Australia and the US for example is literally nothing. They're biomarkers. All they want is more biomarkers for free. In that sense I don't think it's a bad idea to allocate capital to acquire networks in those regions and then aggregate this into one single network that has more proprietary data than anyone else and is thus capable of delivering more value per token. However, I will say that as they do that, it's worth keeping an eye on the balance sheet. You can see how total depth, which is the blue line, is slightly outpacing total cash, which is the orange line. However, the purple line, which is cash from operations, is doing pretty well lately. So, I think that the cash production is enough for management to do their thing, continue allocating capital. The business in the US will probably continue growing and so forth. So, I think that the balance sheet is doing fine probably, but it's worth keeping an eye on. Now, the one thing that really stands out from the earnings school is that they're not stopping with the capex. As I said, they invested something like $300 million this year in their facilities. The facility thing is important to understand because you're not going to build the proprietary data set unless you vertically integrate that giant industrial machine that figures out what's wrong with customers and fixes it by printing stuff. You can't get that data set if you don't do this. So, as the business gets bigger, they print more cash. Now, ideally, they successfully integrate the the acquisitions and start scaling and bringing in more cash and stuff. As they continue reinvesting, it just gets harder and harder to replicate this because yes, it comes down to proprietary data, but you just don't win if you don't have this whole massively complex thing figured out to get biomarkers and optimize them over time. So, to understand what's really driving biomarker optimization across the entire network, this is the sort of thing that the average investor won't really understand. And I've seen this many times. I saw it in the music industry with Spotify. I saw it with Palanteer in 2022. AMD up until recently. Today, amazing news with Meta closing a 100 billion dollar deal with AMD. No surprise because of their chiplet platform that I talk about a lot. This is the sort of scenario that I've seen a billion times in my career and that has produced 99.9% of my wealth, which is a a a series of secular trends which promise to completely upend an industry. and then incumbents uh not really understanding what's going on be it on the side of the operators the capital allocators the analysts everything I think everyone is wrong with this and I think this is going to be a massive success because longevity as a service is going to be the most valuable subscription service in humanity's history and by the way I think it will continue being so for many decades Whichever way you look at it, you don't have to be a biomedical PhD to argue that, for example, just the HERS business is worth more than the entire market cap. Hurst just reached a $1 billion annual recurring revenue run rate uh in Q4 2025. And arguably, that's worth it could be worth something like $5 billion. Why not? it wouldn't be a crazy valuation. Now, if you look at what's happened over the past few years, revenue is up a lot and the stock price is back to levels that we haven't seen since the IPO basically. And so, I think investors were looking forward to a firework kind of spectacle, be it the bulls and the bears, which by the way, I think have exhausted each other. Really, what's happening is that the business continues executing. It's pointing towards a rather counterintuitive exponential inflection point which you can already see as I was saying per the evolution of labs and what that is doing to how much customers spend on the platform. And obviously they're spending on average what 80 bucks. I think they're going to be spending uh orders of magnitude more over the coming decade and probably more than that. It doesn't mean that they'll be buying expensive stuff. It just means that they're going to be investing a lot in sticking around for a long time and being in a good shape, which is not something that the current industry allows you to really do. So, if you look at this graph, it's a little bit like I was talking about yesterday. It's there's no there's nothing nothing really major is going on. What I think you have is a lot of emotions flying back and forth. The average investor in this company and bear not really understanding the value creation process and you know, I think it's chugging along quite well. AI continues scaling exponentially, the biomarketer thing is doing well. Peptides, we'll see. But as I was saying in yesterday's video, you can't really ban biomarkers. So eventually, if you couple exhaustive biomarkers with just AI that's exponentially more capable than today, or even today's capability, you end up with a really smart patient base that you really just can't fool anymore. And they decide for themselves what they want. If you have a machine that's abstracted away and can print any given treatment that customers will actually want, which is what HIMS is building, then you win eventually being in 5 years time 10 or 15, you do end up transforming the industry just by compounding one vertical, which is labs. Arguably the rest is merely a mechanism to sustain labs and make it grow. You obviously want to follow up with customers to truly solidify the relationship with them and you want to produce cash to fund the business um growing and and scaling and so forth. So really no change in the thesis. All right guys, so that's it for today. Lots of emotions flying up and down, but I think what we have is the same thesis with much better fundamentals than a year or two ago, but at a fraction of the price. And there's no end. There's no limit to where this could go. This could go to $1 per share or whatever, but I've talked about this already. If it does, uh, any any given amount that I assign to this thesis gets me a lot more shares. So, I'm willing to be patiently doing that so long as the fundamentals improve, which for now, I do view the fundamentals as improving. So, guys, thank you very much for joining me. As always, if you enjoyed this video, could you please like and subscribe, which I keep forgetting to ask you guys because I'm so focused on the fundamentals. And also, could you please share this video with one friend whom you think will enjoy it. These videos and updates are for free and the only way this grows is with your help. By the way, congratulations to AMT shareholders for the deal with Meta for hundred billion. I can tell you, you know, last year everyone was very depressed about that company. The platform, the fundamentals have prevailed. It always happens. When the fundamentals do well longterm, the company does well, the stock price, everyone does well. Okay. So, uh, I'll be making a video about that tomorrow because there's some nuggets in that deal which I think are very interesting. Anyways, guys, take care. See you tomorrow.
