---
ticker: HIMS
type: youtube
title: "Hims Q4 & 2025: Not Bad AT ALL! Still #1, Still Hyper Growth, 2030 Guidance Unchanged-WAY TOO CHEAP!"
channel: "Beat The Denominator"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyn2c_eX33s
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 14432
---

# Hims Q4 & 2025: Not Bad AT ALL! Still #1, Still Hyper Growth, 2030 Guidance Unchanged-WAY TOO CHEAP!

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Beat The Denominator
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyn2c_eX33s

## 转录全文

Hello everybody. So this video is entitled HIMS Q4. Not bad at all and not a bad 2025. Sorry bears. I know a lot of people were hoping for a sub $10 uh stock in after hours. Well, I mean it wouldn't be past him to do that. Who knows what they're going to say on the call. You know, it's a long-term hold for me. I don't really care. But right now, it looks like right now uh the stock is holding up pretty well. So sorry bears and you know this company in my view is doing quite quite well. So, of course, we've had the the the catastrophe, right? The GLP1 story. This been this has been an overhang on the stock for seven, eight months now. But when you look at the numbers, you wouldn't you wouldn't see this catastrophe. The FY 2025 was up 59% year-over-year. Quarter of 2024, Q4 2024 when we had the GLPs in full swing to quarter of 2025 when uh we we seemingly had lost a bunch of GLP business. The growth was still 28% year-over-year. So, it's still very very good uh for for for that quarter. I like it a lot. Uh when it comes to adjusted IBIDA, we're doing well. We're growing adjusted a lot. You know, the number of subscribers is growing. We are at 2.5 million plus 40,000 quarter over quarter. So, we are still growing. And of course, average revenue per user is 83. I remember the days when I was covering this stock where average revenue per user was 50 a month. Now, the now it's not like that anymore. The average subscription is now $83 a month. So this stock is to me driving on all cylinder firing on all cylinders. If you look at the growth plus 282,000 subscribers growing from 24 to 25. If you look at the revenue like I said plus 59%. This is a new chart. I never saw them put this chart uh before in the presentation or maybe I don't remember but this is a new chart showing their 5-year growth rate on subscribers. Both repeat subscribers and new subscribers. They are both growing at 70% kagger which means that once once a customer is is with him they tend to stick with him because it is a fortless it is a subscription and of course that prescription from your subscription includes the doctor follow-ups which is one of the big selling point of hims that I've been talking about a lot. Now look at the operating expenses. I'm very pleased to see that they've been reducing them uh year after year and that's that's that's a steep reduction even in even in marketing. If you look at the reduction in marketing, we move from 45% to 38% of revenue in in marketing spend. Uh now 39% for the full year 2025 in marketing spend. And all of the expenses are being reduced. And keep in mind this is a company who has a gross margin of 72% 72% gross margin. So always to look at what what would be a would be EV to EBID ratio ask yourself well what if they stopped spending on marketing what would be a ch the churn the churn would probably be pretty low b based on these numbers. So the churn will be pretty low and then you could have an insane actual profit margin, cash flow margin could be insane if you were to just remove marketing. But here's the thing, you may remember that FUD from 2023. People were calling him just a marketing company saying, "Oh, it's all about the marketing. If they spend the marketing, if if they stop spending the marketing, they're going to be in trouble." Well, you can see they've improved their marketing efficiency quite a bit. So in in 2022 to get $23 of revenue they had to spend $39 uh and today to get $191 in revenue they have to spend $22 which means that the the the the payoff on marketing spend is much better now than it used to be uh then right then then it would it it would it would take you a little over two quarters. Now it is actually much better. that paid marketing expense is is is is a one-time expense. You do it up front, but then you may have a customer for 5 years, for 10 years. So, they are investing in the in in that growth. And it makes a lot of sense because the payback period is less than one year based on their capital allocation framework. The return on marketing investment is less than one year. And of course, you know, we can't none of us can brag of I mean, maybe some of us can, but 100% 100% investment in a year, 100% return on investment in the year, that's not something uh that you can brag about often in the market, right? They do that on their marketing spend. That's how efficient their marketing spend is. Now, IA, as you know, on this channel, I care a lot about adjusted IBIDA. What do I see with adjusted IBIDA right here? 14% 318 million. 318 million for a company which is dirt cheap. We'll get we'll get to that in a second. Uh but I mean of course here being a proxy for cash flow. Uh so so you know this company in my view is is way way way undervalued. Like I said market cap is uh market cap the the what is the same right roughly market cap enterprise value is roughly 3.5 billion. The company does 300 million in IBIDA and it's growing you know at 59% this last year it grew at 59%. So there is a major dislocation in the stock price. HIMS itself the part of the business HIMS the more mature part of the business grew 30% year-over-year in 2025. Look at this hers hers grew 100% year-over-year in 2025 year hers is is the fastest growing part of the business and it makes sense. They launched a lot of products. Anxiety is doing well with hers. Uh they have menopause with hers. They have GLP1 that took that took the business of hers quite quite high. They are hers is not not just a placeholder. They're investing money in hers. So if you look at Andrew Dudam's statement here talking about you know kind of kind of you know the market misunderstanding the stock pigeon hole. They use the term pigeon hole. Dudam gets it right. At first it was hair loss just a hair loss company. Then it was just a ED company. Then he didn't say that in the statement but I'll tell you the prior FU was marketing. People were saying oh it was just a marketing company. The third of the moment is GLP1. Oh it's just a GLP1 company. Even though GLP1 is only a fraction of their business. It makes no sense. HMS is a much more holistic business than just GLP1 as Dudum calls it. It's a new era of consumer health. What I call healthcare. And of course how do they do this? This is exactly what I've been saying on my channel. You use AI to define and refine treatments. AI based treatments are the future. And they have 2.5 million customers in their database. They can use that database on a recommener system to train a recommener system to have better outcomes to develop better drugs. I believe the future of health is onetoone drugs. one person, one drug and they are vertically integrated which makes them scalable and of course vertical integration is the way we do business in the 21st century. HIMS owns the entire value chain. They they they own from making the peptides to mailing the product to the customer to you know the pharmacy to the prescription to the branding. They own the entire value chain. It's not like the the traditional healthcare system where you have the family office uh business which is a doctor or a family doctor and then you have a pharmacy which is a different business then you have a pharmacy benefit manager which is a different business then you have the insurance company which is a different business then you have a pharma business which is a different business it doesn't make any sense everybody takes their own margins replaces that with one monolithic company a vertically integrated company that does everything from drug to prescription to delivery and of course AI to design the these aspects and I think that's going to be a big deal for him in the future. Moving on, they communicated quite a bit on labs. Uh I love that very much. Of course, we know the reason why uh HIMS launched labs is is you know it's it's a form of marketing spend. They they priced it low so that when people get the labs they can find out if they need help. And of course, often times if people go get labs, that means they think they need to get labs. That means deep down they probably know there's a little something going on. So apparently 70% of people who took the labs were eligible for one of their plans to think to fix something. So I think this is a very big deal. Labs are going to be at the top of the funnel. It's going to be a way for them to sell a lot of treatments. Their testosterone treatment is doing very well. People are reacting to it very positively. So that is a big deal as well. Testosterone treatments are a HRT is a tough form of treatment. It's not it's not that easy. It requires labs. It requires doctor follow-ups etc. And the fact that they're doing it nicely I think is a big deal. If you look at their shares of total sales um and of course there was a lot of turmoil of 20 in 25 in 2025 but we are still number one at 52% of observed total sales in the sector. Of course, the the the breakout company in 2025 was Roman. Roman grew very very fast. And Roman's growth was better than him's growth, but Roman was not starting from the same base as hims, right? Roman is a small business, wasn't starting as the same base of him as hims. Think about think about how lucky uh Roman, I guess they call it Row now. Think about how lucky Ro is not being public, right? Imagine if Rorow was public, the pressure that Rorow would have had, right? Maybe if HIMS was still private, it would have performed as good as row, right? Maybe the CEO wouldn't have had to waste so much time dealing with with with the stock price and dealing with people being unhappy. Anyways, ju just a take just a hot take here. But but you know, unfortunately the the the fact that the market is treating him like a punching bag must not be easy for management. It not must not be easy for turnover. That's why we've had a lot of quits, etc. But this company to me is doing well. The company is also uh moving towards becoming a global giant as Dudum says uh it's going to be a meaningful source of growth. He said that in the letter going forward going international is going to be a meaningful source of growth and this is what I want to conclude with which is the guidance. I wanted to see the guidance. Everybody wanted to see the guidance. We got the guidance. So there's two two very important things. One very important thing is that the 2030 guidance, 6.5 billion in sales in 2030, that guidance has not changed whatsoever. That's a very big deal. So long-term investors, if you plan on holding this stock past 2030, that's not a problem for me. The guidance is still the same. It doesn't change anything. It's just a cheaper stock. Now, for short-term investors, it's important to see what the 2026 guidance came out as. And they gave us a guidance between 15 and 24%. In the letter, they call this guidance conservative. You bet. By the way, has sandbagged before. You may remember the 2025 sandbag. That was some pretty heavy duty sandbagging. So, in my view, this is also sandbagged. So in my spreadsheet I took 25% forward revenue growth for the uh next 12 months which give me an EV over GP over RG over 0.08 which is still exactly dirt cheap super cheap. We moved from a 0.05 to a 0.08. Not much has changed. This stock is dirt dirt cheap. Now why did I pick 25% instead of cutting it in half and using a 20%? Because when you're reading the footnote, you can see that the outlook does not include Eucalyptus. Eucalyptus is not included in the outlook. Eucalyptus is a business with 450 million AR should close early second half of 2026. Middle of 2026, they say expected to close middle of 2026, hopefully sooner. And Eucalyptus is growing at 100% a year. So, by the time they close, Eucalyptus could be 600, 700 million AR. Let's say 600 million AR. Some of you may think I'm overly optimistic, but anyways, maybe I'm not. I don't know. I don't think it's going to go down anyways. So, so, so we're probably missing a good 200 million uh in this guide. A good 200 million in this guide is probably missing. And so, so to me, 25% is the better number. Um it's entirely possible that as we move to Q1, Q2, Q3, uh it's entirely possible that HIMS just keeps updating this guidance up. And if you remember last year, HIMS kept update updating the guidance up multiple times. So HIMS could do that this year. And if it does that this year, I think that will be very good for the stock price. So as far as I'm concerned, I see nothing of concern. I am not concerned whatsoever. And people, you know, talk about the Novo lawsuit. see how Novo is really really not doing well right now. And and and and Novo if it end ups if it ends up in a fine. I don't accept that fine will hit the books before 2030. I I mean I mean unless it's like a very reasonable fine, but I I expect the Novo case to go on in to start in probably 2029. Probably 2029. And and then if him is not happy with the result, it's an appeals process. It's 2031 issue. So, so, so the the the speed of flaw is even longer term horizon than the long-term investor to be honest. So, I'm not worried about that at all. It's a narrative. It's a bad narrative. This company is going through a bad narrative right now, but so is every other growth company going on, right? I was looking at CLA. CLA is even more catastrophic, down 72% in a matter of 5 months. Golingo down 80% in a matter of I don't know how many months. It's it's like it's a mess for high growth out there. I don't think the HIMS performance is is any any worse than other innovative companies. I was looking at Pagaya. Pagaya's performance has been catastrophic since they had their their earnings and they had good earnings if you ask me. So, so HIMS frankly look at look at SoFi. A lot of people follow SoFi. So wasn't doing well at all today. We're at 18 bucks anyways. So to me the performance of IMS is is pretty much in line with this crazy market. The market wants nothing to do with the future. But as far as I'm concerned the Q4 was not bad at all. Not bad at all was the Q4. So I like I like this quarter quite a bit given how negative the market and the sentiment had been on the stock. So this was not investment advice. This is not financial advice. This is only entertainment. I'm hoping you are entertained. Please like, please subscribe. Follow me on Patreon. Follow me on X. Thank you for watching and have a wonderful, wonderful day.
