---
ticker: HIMS
type: youtube
title: "I ran the numbers on Hims & Hers... it’s not what I expected."
channel: "Dividend Compounders with Cheese"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BkMr7c0VrX0
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 29511
---

# I ran the numbers on Hims & Hers... it’s not what I expected.

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Dividend Compounders with Cheese
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BkMr7c0VrX0

## 转录全文

How's it going friends and family? My name is Zamos and today we're going to be talking about Hims and Hers Health, ticker symbol HIMS. And as you can see on your screen right now, dude, during their heyday, this is a stock that used to be $72 a share. But my goodness, have they fallen since then? Because they're 3477. And I'm assuming based on the trend that's happening right now, by the time you watch this video, I'm adjusting my floor mat because I have [snorts] a standing desk, by the way. By the time you watch this video, who is to say that they won't be $30 or even like $20 a share, right? However, with all that said, if we take a look at their financials just really quickly, right? Look at the exponential growth of their revenue. In 2018, we're talking about $26 million in gross sales, which is pretty darn impressive to say the least. And you fast forward throughout the years, and now we're talking about $2.2 billion. year-over-year, that's 78% growth in their top line. I think that's pretty significant. And if we go back and take a look at their total stock market history, they IPOed in 2019 at about what is that roughly $10 a share. I'm assuming they debuted as a spec. Their total return is 255%. And when you take a look at their market capitalization, when you take into account all the shares outstanding plus the share price of about 34 bucks, it's just shy of $8 billion. And when you compare that to their revenue of $2.2 billion, their price to sales ratio is a 3.5. So even though their PE ratio is ridiculously high at 64.7, their forward trading multiple is 59. So no matter how you look at it, spin it, manipulate it, or poke it, it's still pretty high. But their price to sales ratio not too bad. So what exactly is Hims and Hers health? They're in the business of targeting your insecurities and providing solutions. So in a very convoluted health care system here in the US, they're painting themselves out to be the good guys. So in this video, I don't own the stock yet, by the way, but in this video, I'm trying to figure out whether or not I should. And to do that, we're going to be taking a look at everything. and we're even going to be forecasting a price target for them in the near future. And towards the end of the video, I'll be going over my game plan. So, if that sounds good with you, let's go ahead and get into it. How exactly does Hims and Hers Health make revenue? So, it's an online healthc care pharmacy platform for sensitive conditions such as having a small PP, uh your balding, you know, receding hairline, and for overweight issues. And it's primarily a BTOC subscription monthly payment business model. And by the way, what makes them kind of interesting is that they're fully integrated. You talk to one of their doctors on the app, you get a prescription, and their own pharmacy ships that medicine out to you. So, what you see on your screen right now, this is how it works. Okay, let's just play their little game and scroll down. Through HIMS, the journey to better health is powered by transformative technology and personalized care. So everything's done on their mobile app. So it starts with the intake. You tell them what your issue is, like how much hair are you losing? Do you have a little bit left right here or is it starting at the front right there? You scroll down and see what happens. You send that information over to their team. You get connected with a doctor or a medical professional. They give you a diagnosis, a prescription, and a plan. And then what happens? There's a little pill, the medicine that they're going to give to you. And it says, "Your provider might recommend a compounded treatment which combines doctor trusted ingredients into a single pill, chewable, whatever." Uh, and it gets produced at one of their manufacturing facilities. I do believe at the time of making this video, they have four factories, which is kind of impressive, uh, for a high growth startup. And then it gets shipped out to you in a very discreet box. That way, no one, none of your neighbors, in case there's porch pirates, they don't know that you're balding or that your PP is like an inch or two. And then, yep, their product packaging, I think, is really, it speaks to what this current generation likes. They like that minimalist, simple, uh, neutral tone coloring, not too much going on. And I think they're really playing to it. Personalized treatment plan, unlimited ongoing support, and remember, this is all done on a mobile app. So, you're not driving over to a clinic. You're not going to a hospital. You're not even talking to someone face to face. Based on my research, most of this stuff goes down on a chatbased texttoext conversation like, "Hey doc, dude, my PP is crooked or my PP is really small. I need something to help make it bigger." And he'd be like, "I got you." Say less. And now, let's go ahead and talk about the recent developments that are surrounding the company. They just reported uh their Q3 2025 earnings back in November. And I'm going to tell you this right now, it was just absolutely spectacular. It would even make an Asian parent very proud. Revenue was up 49% year-over-year on a quarterly basis. Uh their net income, which is the bottom line, they generated $16 million, and their subscriber count grew 21% year-over-year. So, right now, they have roughly uh 2.5 million paying customers. And some other stuff that's happening that's pretty exciting is uh back in November 17th, they announced that they're going to be buying back $250 million worth of their shares. That's a lot. Okay, that's funny right there. And for the longest time, because of regulatory issues and whatnot, uh Hims and Hers Health, they only operated here in the US. But now they're also expanding in order to serve our neighbors up north, Canada. It gets better than that because they're also going across the pond to serve the UK. So, they're aggressively expanding their operations, which means in due time their revenue growth, I don't think it's going to slow down because when you go into other territories, that just opens up the door to meet the demand and the total addressable market for them is endless, right? So, [snorts] kind of bullish to be honest with you. And now, let's talk about the cheese situation. What are the things that you need to take into consideration? So I have highlighted the subscriber count. So in 2020 they had 290,000 paying customers. Now as you just learned 2.5 million subscribers. So in the span of 5 years that growth is absolutely ridiculous. And I can see why this company is getting so much attention and hype. But something that you want to take into account is I did some homework and research and I found out that half of that growth happened in the last one and a half years because of the whole weight loss uh movement that's happening here in the US the gold rush of the GLP1 pills ombic and at one point because there was a supply shortage shout out to you Novo Nordisk hims and hers they were manufacturing their own weight loss drug aka a generic version and It was just their sales were going through the roof and that's why their stock price was as high as 70 bucks at one point, right? However, in February of 2025, the FDA announced that there is no longer a shortage in that pharmaceutical. Consequently, that catalyst is now over for them. But I think it speaks volumes to how much their customers like their mobile app and the services that they render because you would think the subscriber count would decrease or decline dramatically, but they're holding steady. And not only that, they're still growing. So something to take into consideration. Number two is digital health care. You got to get with the times, okay? That's the future of healthcare, especially for Gen Z and the younger ones, generation alpha, generation beta, whether or not you like it. Everything's done on a mobile app at this point is with him and hers health. I really like that they're meeting their customers to their preference, right? if that's what they like using and that's their modality and preference. It speaks volumes of their leadership team in business to see them be pushing the boundaries of what's normal and acceptable but also because they have a mobile app that are also uh fostering and collecting a lot of customer data such as like you this dude or this type of demographic they like to buy XYZ and then they can also sell that data to pharmaceutical companies or whatever. And the third point that I have is no economic moat. It doesn't matter how much you like them or hate them. That's just a fact. Okay? Because when you look at the landscape of healthcare, at least here in the US, dude, Amazon has their own version of Hims and Hers Health. It's called Amazon Clinic. United Health has their virtual visit. CVS has their minute clinic. And because there's no economic moat, who is to say that these bigger fish in the sea, they're not just going to copy them and roll out their own mobile app and do exactly what Hims and Hers health is doing right now, right? So that is a significant drawback to Hims and Hers health. I think what they're doing is pretty innovative and clever, but but usually in the business world, it's a war. You usually copy the competition. If your rival is doing this and you see their sales being amplified, you usually copy them and follow suit. So I think the big dogs are also going to be copying him and hers health. But what differentiates them is that their tone, message, and optics. I think the younger generation, I'm talking about people that are 45 and under, I think they really resonate with the message, the branding, the marketing with him and hers health. Whereas when we think about the traditional uh businesses like United Health, I'm not going to lie to you as an investor of United Health, I'm not stupid or naive. I know there's a lot of people, they hate United Health. They want them to go bankrupt. They want to see them fail. Whereas with Hims and Hers Health, I think there's more people that appreciate them than there are haters, if that makes sense. So, actually, I might have to reverse that and say they do have a small economic mode in that their brand is not quote unquote evil because they're painting themselves out to be the good guys. Like, dude, we're here to help your PP get bigger. We're here to help your hairline come back. So, okay, I I'm going to reverse course and say they do have a small economic moat in that in the healthc care landscape and space. The traditional businesses that have a huge market cap and a market share, the consumers in general, they don't really like them, but they don't have another option because it's an employer-based health insurance or whatever it is. So, they have to use their services. But if given the choice, I think most people would gravitate towards him and hers health. So, and I'm not even going to lie to you. I know I look kind of stupid and I don't know what I'm talking about, but deep down inside the heart right here, the left the left nipple underneath that. I'm a numbers and data kind of guy. So, at this point in the video, we're going to be calculating an inherent worth for their stock price based on their own numbers and data. The first one's going to be the discounted cash flow analysis model. Their free cash flow is going to tell us how much this company should be worth. Dude, catch your breath. Are you ready? $11.61. So, the DCF model, dude, it spits out a price that looks overly bearish, and that's largely because I'm assuming there's going to be a lot of capex spending in order to expand their drug manufacturing capabilities. And that's why we're going to be using the two valuation models that I created. By the way, they're available on Patreon. The first one is going to be the Amos Garp formula. Garp stands for growth at a reasonable price, and it's based on their revenue. Okay, so I took a lot of inspiration from the DCF analysis model, but anyways, he tells us that the cheese value per share is going to be $58.32. So with a margin of safety baked in, what's the hypothetical price that I would pay to get it on discount? And that would be $43.15. And this is straight from their investor deck slide 20. They're proposing $6.5 billion at least at a minimum by 2030. So, I'm not just spitting random ass numbers to generate a stock price. I'm using the numbers and data that they're forecasting. And as a reminder, right now they're trading for $34.77. So, they're really, really far off the mark of their cheese value per share. One could argue that means they're undervalued. And someone else could easily say their trading multiple is a 64. They're clearly not undervalued. It really depends. Some people get the growth story of stocks and they're willing to pay. And other people will only buy into a stock if their PE ratio is like a 15 or a 14. I'm going to meet them both in the middle and say nobody is wrong. I think there's a time and a place for both situations because the guy right here on the right, he would never benefit from Nvidia or Broadcom or Palunteer. But on this side of the spectrum, this dude could also lose a crap ton of money because when they're priced at a premium, they're priced for perfection. What I mean by that is if their PE ratio was a 30, 40, or 50, if they make any mistakes, easily you can lose 20, 30, 40% in a single trading day or certainly in a week. And that's an objective fact. The higher the PE ratio, the higher the expectations. So when you don't meet those expectations, you are going to get slaughtered. Okay, like when the Vikings would raid England, Scotland, and Ireland in the 1400s. And if we jump on over to the earnings forecast, another model that I made, it's available on Patreon. I'm proposing for their fiscal calendar uh Q4 2025. They're going to post 6 cents of profits per share. And if that is the case, then their projected bottom line per share for 2025 is going to be roughly 49. And I think their PE ratio is going to be around a 64 what it is right now. Which means in the next month to month and a half I think unfortunately for him they could see a price of about $30 to $32 a share. But on the upside if their PE ratio jumps up to a 70 then I do think they could also hit 3430. And for 2026, I'm thinking their EPS is going to be 64 cents and their PE ratio is going to continue to come down because you have to keep in mind the reason why their PE ratio was so high in the first place was because they had that golden opportunity of making their generic weight loss drugs when there was a shortage of the Novo Nordisk ones, right? And because they don't really have a catalyst like that anymore, except for their financials and fundamentals growing at like a 20, 30, 40, 50% uh year-over-year pace, I'm going to assume a 55, okay, as their PE ratio. Then I think in about a year, a year and a half from now, 35 bucks for them seems to be kind of fair. Okay, in a bullish scenario, I think their PE could be a 60 and that means they could push uh 38 bucks. If we continue to play this game, uh, for 2027, I think they could trade somewhere between 40 bucks and 43 bucks. And then in 2028, I'm thinking 43 to 47. But listen, I think this is a company that jumps on any opportunity in the medical space to serve that need that's not being met, right? So, whenever there's a gold rush, I think they're going to jump on that opportunity and we could see their trading multiple just jump right back up. So, right now, I think all the hype and the rage surrounds weight loss drugs, but who is to say that in the near future, it's not going to be about the shape and color of your nipples, right? Some people out here walking around with little Hershey kisses. Other people do. They have little pepperoni nipples where the areola is just massive. So, maybe that's the next golden rush. Everyone wants the perfect nipple. And now there's a drug that does that. And then we see their trading multiple jump up to let's say like a 90, right? then I think uh him and hers health they could be $4410. I think whenever there's a next gold rush in the medical space, I just feel like this is the type of company that's going to jump on that opportunity and make a program to serve their uh subscribers. So even though they can't make a generic drug if there's not a shortage, they can still change things up to turn it into something that looks different and so they can kind of circumn the FDA's regulations. Right? So, if it's to do with the pepperoni nipples and it comes in like a white pill, uh him and hers health, they might sell a gummy, a chew. So, not only does it help your nipples to change its shape and color, but it could contain, I don't know, vitamin B, it can contain calcium, it can contain a little bit of protein. So, they might even label it as like a holistic paleo diet pill, but underneath it all, it helps the nipples. So, they're figuring out ways to kind of be a weasel. And so, I think they're trading multiple. It's like it's going to be sporadic. So, in the past, their growth driver was the weight loss uh pills and programs, but in the future, do you see from this slide, they're pivoting and they're adjusting to meet the people, right? So, it's not just for balding men and fat pumpkins out here that are walking around with a big belly. They're also doing medication and treatment plans for menopause, low testosterone, and the whole like Brian Johnson lifestyle of trying to have the skin of an 18-year-old before all the Botox and fillers. So, when I think about that and their strategy and their vision and execution, dude, [snorts] I'm not a shareholder, but that does make me bullish. This is a company that they have their head on, right? And I think that's why they're trading multiple is a 60 or 64. I think a lot of investors see eye to eye with me. They're priced for a premium for a good reason. Okay. And so when it comes to the compounder chart, where am I going to put him and hers health? Well, let's talk about it. Okay. So, back in September of 2025, the FDA sent them a letter saying, "Hey, you can't sell your generic weight loss drugs anymore because there's no longer a shortage." So they have got that going on for them, but they also spend roughly 50% of their topline otherwise known as the revenue on marketing and advertising just to keep the subscriber count growing. So if they stop spending on Super Bowl ads and money towards those social media influencers that have a crap ton of plastic surgery done, but they claim that it's skincare that keeps them looking beautiful. If they stop that money, I feel like their growth story could end. I think their growth is in direct correlation with how much money they're spending on their marketing and advertising. So when it comes to hims and hers health, [snorts] dude, I know this could be controversial. Even though I do feel bullish about them, I'm going to put them into the C tier. The watchless weight list right next to Dual Lingo, right next to Sle, Lululemon, and PayPal. The reason being is even though their financials and fundamentals look phenomenal and we're going to be looking at it right now right after this portion they currently have short interest of roughly 33% of its float which means institutional investors, retail investors, hedge funds, they're betting on their downfall and they want to see them fail. So they're gambling that their stock price is going to go lower and lower. 33%. That's pretty significant. So, I think in the short term, I think that's going to come to life. And that's why, as we learned from the earnings EPS forecast that's available on Patreon, by the way, I think their share price has more room to fall. Dude, I'm not trying to say that I know what's going to happen in the future. I don't know, okay? Let alone if there's going to be another earthquake that shatters this entire road that's in front of me. In Japan, there's an earthquake like every 20 to 30 minutes. It sucks. That's the reality of living here that nobody talks about. Okay, but I digress. When it comes to him and hers health, dude, I'm not trying to be a bear, but I do think 25 maybe even like 20 bucks a share, I think that could be a reality for them in the next like month to two months. But having said that, I think there's a lot to like about this company. Uh first and foremost, I just want to go over some of their key metrics. Okay. So, when we talk about their subscribers, back in 2019, we're talking about 190,000 paying subscribers every single month to use their mobile app and their services. Now, we're talking about roughly 2.5 million. I think that's pretty darn impressive. And when you take a look at this metric that they have, the monthly online revenue per uh subscriber, back in uh 2022, it was about 52 bucks. Now they're generating $80 on average out of that 2.5 million. That's pretty significant, friends and family. So I think this growth story and the hype, I think it writes itself. The numbers do a lot of convincing here. The wholesale, I looked into it. They also manufacture drugs, so they sell it at a wholesale to B2B uh clients and other places. But this is what I was talking about, right? Their marketing budget is just shy of a billion dollars. If we're going to be factual, $900 million. We go back on over to their top line, $2.2 billion in gross sales. They're spending $900 million in advertising and marketing. Pretty alarming, guys. And something else about this company that's pretty interesting is up until 2023, they were unprofitable as a business enterprise, right? They were losing money on paper in order to keep the lights on. But everything flipped the switch in 2024, but the scale of the profitability, their margins, it's not improving because even though their gross sales are going up by a huge significant amount year-over-year, their bottom line per share, it's going from 53 cents to 54 cents. So, I think their overhead costs are just way too much. And I can't turn a blind's eye towards that. Okay. Um, and when we think about the shares outstanding right now, it's 254 million shares. So, they're diluting the shareholders by a crap ton, but they did say they're going to buy back their shares. So, we'll see if they're good on their promise, and I think they will. Uh, because their share price right now is ridiculously low, I guess, according to their own standards. Take a look at their balance sheet. They have $600 million of cash on the books. Their total debt is $1 billion. So, up until 2024, this is a company that didn't really carry loans on the books. But the fact that they're taking on so much debt in order to finance their vision and their projects makes me a little uncomfortable. Okay? And when we digest their free cash flow situation, I'm going to point something out. Okay? $133 million, a decrease of 16% year-over-year. So, why is it decreasing so much? If I scroll up the cash flow statement and see what's the culprit, stockbased compensation is one $125 million of RSUs in the past 12 months. But also the next biggest one I would argue is the capital expenditures. $191 million of capex. And the reason being is that this is not just a software or a mobile app company that's asset light. They are also in the business of manufacturing their own products, pills and medicine. like I said, four facilities and I think it's going to continue to get bigger and bigger. They need to spend money in order to make money. So, they're basically a pharmaceutical company in disguise in my opinion at this point. So, ultimately, what's my game plan when it comes to him and hers health? I think their story is interesting to me because the value proposition of what they offer to consumers, I think it's a game changer, right? I love their story, their pitch, their brand, their vision. Just I love the way that they're executing, but what kind of concerns me is that they're going headon and they're going after big pharma and the health insurance industry. And one thing that I have seen time and time again is when you make them scared or when you step on their toes, they're going to make sure that your company dissolves. Case in point, during the pandemic, there was a startup uh trying to make a splash in the Medicare and Medicaid space known as Clover Health. And at one point, they were like $15 a share, and now look at them, right? They're in that penny stock status. So, at one point, they were a threat to the big health insurance players, but now they're they're nobody. But this video is not about Clover Health. It's about him and hers health. And the reason being is that right now I'm on him.com but they also have hers.com two separate apps for two separate demographics males and females because obviously our insecurities are different right I guess for women it would be like acne and their body figure whereas for men it's about balding and their small pee peps so two-pronged approach but the exact same strategy in order to serve those customers you know between you and me I hope they succeed I kind of like this company I'm not invested into them, but you know, having spent some time looking into them, shout out to the guy who requested this stock to be analyzed because of you. I got to look into them and I'm like, dude, I wouldn't mind buying into them at $20 a share with a trading multiple of around 30. And by the way, if you want to see a stock be analyzed by me, then give it a go in the Google Forms link. It's going to be in the pins comment and uh video description. I think it's a solid company, but I just can't justify buying into them with a trading multiple of like a 64. Reason being, if we look at the big dogs that are at the tip of the spear of the AI movement, like Nvidia, their trading multiple is a 43. Their forward trading multiple is a 25. Um, another one, Google, a 29 and a 28. Take a look at Microsoft 34 and a 29. Adobe 21 and 15. So what I'm saying is these are all companies that are also posting excellent numbers and their financials are phenomenal and their free cash flow positive unlike hims and herself health because they don't have uh capital expenditures. Right? What you see on your screen right now is Adobe's free cash flow year-over-year. Right now it's just shy of $10 billion. So, what I'm saying is I just can't wrap my head around the idea of paying 35, 34, or even 30 bucks for Hims and Hers Health because there's other companies out here that are free cash flow positive. Their net income is exponentially growing year-over-year. Hims and Hers Health, I think I believe their strategy. I believe in their execution. I like their future. It's just at a 64 and a 59 for the numbers, I just can't do it. I mean, case in point, we talked about why they're in the C tier with Szle. I mean, their number execution is just as beautiful, right? 70% year-over-year, 88% year-over-year, and their trading multiple is a 22 and a 17. So, for me, it's like if the PE ratio comes down, I'm saying my magic target number is 20 bucks. By the way, if you like stuff like that where I literally outline when I'm going to buy into a stock, you got to join the Patreon. I share so much more information up there. But anyways, with Hims and Hers health, I like them, but not at its current valuation. And that's the conclusion that I reached. I'm not telling anyone else what to do with your money. It's just personally what I am going to choose to do. And before I get out of here, just to keep you in the loop, you know how I've been reading that murder mystery novel, and I'm telling you, it's been lit, right? Like fantastic and amazing. Well, I'm almost done. So now I don't care if anyone tries to be a smart guy and tries to ruin the ending for me. And I can wholeheartedly recommend the book to you. It's Rising Sun by Michael Kitchen. It's a certified dividend compounder with cheese. Like the kind of book where you just do not want to put it down. You have to figure out what happens next. A page turner. I am telling you right now, if you're trying to get into reading or if you've stopped reading and you want your feet wet again, go take a shower naked. two books, Dark Matter by Blake Crouch and Rising Sun by Michael Kitchenen. It's about an LAPD detective that's trying to solve a murder that happens inside of a Japanese corporation's building. They operate in Los Angeles. Dude, it's so good. And I'm going to tell you this right now. If you don't like it, I will personally Venmo your wife's boyfriend a dollar. But jokes aside, it's the same author that wrote the uh Jurassic Park series. I didn't know that. And now I'm like, dude, no wonder it's so freaking good. And now I'm going to give the Jurassic Park books a go. But anyways, I'm going to go ahead and edit this video and upload it. I hope you have a good rest of your day. Stay safe. Good luck in the stock market. And I appreciate you guys so much for watching my content. Dude, I only get like a thousand views. So, for you to spend this time with me together, I'm grateful and I appreciate it because I know there's bigger YouTubers out here that get like 50,000 views, 1 million views every video that they upload. Dude, I'm lucky to see a thousand. And as a small-time creator, dude, I'm just thankful. Okay, so yeah, I'll talk to you guys soon. Peace.
