---
ticker: HIMS
type: youtube
title: "HIMS 0-to-1 MASTERCLASS: Deep Dive on the FUNDAMENTALs - How Hims DISRUPTS Healthcare/Docs/Insurance"
channel: "Beat The Denominator"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTQ-HhJ7qFk
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 39885
---

# HIMS 0-to-1 MASTERCLASS: Deep Dive on the FUNDAMENTALs - How Hims DISRUPTS Healthcare/Docs/Insurance

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Beat The Denominator
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTQ-HhJ7qFk

## 转录全文

Hello everybody. So, today I want to provide a fundamental analysis video of Hims because the price action has been very disappointing, but we need to realize that Hims is a long-term company. In fact, I will conclude this video talking about the long-term guidance of Hims, which is heavily, heavily sandbagged at revenue of more of 6 and 1/2 billion. I think it's going to be much more than that. This is sandbagged. I want to talk about this company as a takeover, as an Amazon in disguise, as a business that nobody sees coming, as a Netflix of sort that Blockbuster does not see coming. This is how I see Hims. As a reminder, I've been in this stock since the $5 range. Much of my bag was bought between 5 and 8, 5 and $9. That's where I bought most of my bags. I've been in this stock for a long, long time. And from day one, I understood this stock fundamental thesis, which is this is a 21st century company. This is a company disrupting an old industry, disrupting an industry, traditional healthcare. This industry relies on moats. This industry relies on gatekeepers that charge you $200 for a prescription. This industry relies on barriers to entry, right? You got to set up big labs, big hospitals, build big medical office buildings in an era where you don't need this anymore because you can do everything remotely with AI. It's It ratifies [clears throat] an industry that's all about rent seeking, right? You got to charge more every time and people don't have a choice um when to take care of their health. So, trad health has just charged more year after year and because of the way the insurance industry is set up and the medical loss ratio and the max that an insurance company can make, the only way for an the revenue of an insurance company to grow is to ever charge more year after year. Trad health is a very 20th century sector that has seen next to no innovation. And this is why you have a newcomer like Hims, who's literally an earthquake in that industry. They are bringing enormous innovation, applying the principles from zero to one, which make no mistake, zero to one is the most important investing book for the 21st century. You know, PayPal, Palantir, Tesla. Look at the PayPal mafia. Peter Thiel founded Palantir, right? Peter Thiel also founded PayPal. Uh Peter Thiel gives you the playbook on how to win in the 21st century. And of course, Amazon, which part of was part of the PayPal mafia, not Amazon. Sorry, Tesla. Tesla, which was part of the PayPal mafia. You know, how many trillion-dollar companies does Tesla have? Well, I can think of two right now, but very likely will be more than two. X XAI will likely be also a trillion-dollar company. All followers of the Peter Thiel zero to one principles. What is this principle? This principle of zero to one is that to win in the 21st uh century, you need to create the best and the cheapest product. Your product needs to be the best and the cheapest. This is something that this that was not available before. With techno- We Without technology, without dematerialization, none of this was possible. Nowadays in the 21st century, you can be the best and you can be the cheapest. And this is why billionaires and the common man alike use Gmail and Google Chrome. Billionaires and the common man alike use iPhones and Android. Billionaires and the common man alike use Spotify and Netflix. Billionaires, just like the common person, although there is still some resistance in that they drive Model Ys. Billionaires drive Model Ys. I listen to a lot of podcasts with billionaires. They don't even buy the Model X anymore. They just buy the Model Model Y because it's it's the best car for the money, right? A sailor would say, you know, I cover MicroStrategy a lot on this channel. A sailor you say, they stumble into the perfect product. 10% yield, risk-free, a bank account that pays 10%. Five times better than anything else. Um and backed by Bitcoin, right? And that's the whole idea. People are going to People are going to flock to that product because it's entirely better, right? Netflix disrupted linear TV. Netflix disrupted cable. How did Netflix disrupt cable? You know, Netflix, you got to realize you had most Americans in 2015 were paying between $150 and $200 a month for cable. Netflix arrived, starts charging 15 bucks a month, 10x 10x cheaper. And then next thing you know, now Netflix is building an amusement park in Dallas and is just for all intents and purposes, the culture of of shows and the culture of TV was essentially taken over by Netflix, right? Spotify. How did Spotify disrupt music, right? They went We We went from Apple resting on its laurels, charging a dollar a song, just following the principles of an old industry, and then Spotify arrives and says, "For $10 a month, I'm going to give you a hundred million songs." Six orders of magnitude cheaper. This is the story of Hims. Hims is trying to provide a product that is orders of magnitude better for cheaper, or one order of magnitude better for 10 times cheaper, if you want to if you want to phrase it like that. And Hims has a bunch of zero to one innovations. People Things people didn't really think about before, but that actually could come in handy and useful. And you know, that's the story of Tesla, right? Nobody really thought about full self-driving. Nobody really thought they wanted a car that drives itself. Nobody really thought they wanted to have, you know, a a a a bulletproof truck. But you use zero to one principles to be like, "Okay, well, I'm going to I'm going to make it bulletproof because why not? Why not, right? I'm going to allow it to charge your house for 5 days because why not?" You add all of the features. The customer doesn't necessarily know the features that they want. The key is that you got to make the product much better and you also got to make it cheaper. And that's zero to one. You got to find ways to have a product so good that it becomes a natural monopoly, just like Spotify or Netflix are natural monopolies, just like iPhones and Android are natural monopolies. You got to find something that makes it so good that people keep coming back. It's It's Business in the 21st century is an alliance between the customer and the company. Think about how gung-ho any Tesla owner is about Tesla stock. They kind of one and the same. They love They love the car. They love the company. It's There's a pure alignment with the stakeholders. And I can tell you, the people who follow Hims love Hims. I love Hims very much. I think it's an amazing company. I love it a lot. So, anyways, let's go ahead and let's talk about the zero to one principles and what Hims does. So, I'm going to spend a little focus on that. Of course, um I'm talking about labs. They just launched labs. Labs is about the disruption of physicals because most people go to physicals to get their blood samples drawn out and to get their to to get tested. Um not going to talk much about labs, but labs labs are a big deal and and and for the cost of a physical, they're essentially disrupting the labs industry. That's what Hims launched a few weeks ago and the stock dumped. Nobody really noticed. But this this acquisition kind of went went under cover. So, we knew about the Thrive acquisition, which was a a Lancet and and and it's supposed to be less pain or less painful. This time they acquired a you know, a a micro-needling modern phlebotomy tool and and so this little device here. Uh and you just press the button, and when you press the button, um you don't feel anything, but blood comes into the vial, and you you just take it off after a few minutes, and you have a full vial, and um it's a part I mean, they can't say it's painless for everybody, but apparently it's painless for like 99.9% of of people because the device just just just barely grazes the tip of the skin. So, essentially, Hims bought this company probably for very cheap because this was a a very, very small company. Um pain-free needles. Why are Why are pain-free needles are a zero to one innovation. That That That's 100% a zero to one innovation. It's It's the same as a car that drives itself or a car that like costs, you know, 20x cheaper to fuel, for in the case of Tesla. Um because of course, people people don't think you can have a pain-free needle, but apparently you can have a pain-free needle. And apparently, according to this company, 30% of Americans don't want to get medical treatment because they don't want to get their blood drawn. I also think this is a major uh the the the painful needles are actually probably a major impediment to actually collecting blood. Um So, or so, I didn't know about this. What I knew about though is that 15% of the population about 15% of the people pass out when they see blood. 15% of people pass out when they see blood. And that's a medical condition called vasovagal syncope. And again, you could solve this very, very easily with this device. All you have to do is get a blurry vial. You just make a blurry vial, and then all of a sudden, you you you have a You just have a little suction cup. You click on the button. The blood drops. I mean, this is a major, major innovation. And it's painless. And of course, you know, I get my my lab is done every year like most people. It's generally fine cuz my veins are visible. But I know that if you have harder to see veins, which some people have, and you happen to have you know, a phlebotomist to do the job, they they they can you know, they can deep that needle into you like three or four times. Cuz cuz not not all phlebotomists have the same level of training. You're you're you're you're you're relying on potential human error, right? I mean, not all you may be lucky and find the most experienced one, but not all of them not all of them are always experienced. So this is to me, this is an example of a zero-to-one product. Now they own this. Where are people going to get their labs? Where are where are the 15% of people or 30% of people who don't like that? Are are they going to go to LabCorp? Or are they going to be like, "Oh, well, with Hims I have a pain-free needle. I can just get my labs there." And then think about the GLP-1. What if this technology along with the Teladoc acquisition, what what if it can be you know, kind of reversed and reapplied and then all of a sudden this could be a peptide in there. This could be a GLP-1 and you just click a button and instead of having injection, you just click a button and you have the GLP-1 injected inside of you. Right? That could be or or the NAD cuz they're getting into longevity now. This is an example of a zero-to-one innovation, a pain-free needle. Something that's not supposed to exist, but it it does exist. And Hims bought it. Okay, moving on. Moving on to zero-to-one innovation. So this is a core zero-to-one innovation. I'm I'm putting it all together. This one is about patient adherence. It's about customization. It's about effectiveness. And it's about the AI recommending the product. So most medical conditions, you know, before you get into the really really bad stuff like later in in life in your 70s and your 80s and you have to go for Trad Health. Before that, most medical issues like you have early onset heart disease or things like that. Most medical issues you know, some sometimes pre-diabetes. Most medical issues are treated by pills. Now turns out humans especially like men in their 40s and their 50s, lots of men like that. But humans are really bad at remembering to take their pills. They skip them. Patient adherence is a big issue in pharmacy. Actually, I was doing some research research on CRISPR the other day. Listen to the whole conference call. CRISPR is is trying to go into DNA editing and they want to cancel out type 2 diabetes. They want to cancel out different forms of heart disease because they're like people forget to take their pills. So the whole reason to for CRISPR to get insurance companies to actually pay for these $500 $500,000 treatment is like, you know, people don't take the pills. So since people don't take the pills, we need to entirely get rid of their you know, type 2 diabetes. So that's what what's CRISPR is working on. Fascinating company nonetheless, but good luck getting insurance paying for that. That's that's these companies don't have the business model innovation, but Hims has. We'll get to that in a second. How does Hims deal with patient adherence? Well, to have patient adherence, you need to have a very effective drug. It needs to be effective. To be effective, it probably needs to be customized. And it probably needs to be AI recommended cuz the AI will know better because of the data. I'll get to the to learning to the data learning to the data science in a second. Um and it probably needs to be customized because you don't want to have side effects and a lot of pills have side effects, right? Like take metformin for example. Metformin tends to cause I guess I guess anyways, I'm not going to go into the details, but metformin has some inconvenience, right? And so maybe there's like just the right amount of metformin that you need for weight loss and not too much of it. Right? Maybe there's just the right amount. And the AI can pinpoint exactly the right amount for you. So how does Hims ensure patient adherence? Pill effectiveness? Well, first of all, one pill to treat one or more conditions. This is the big journey that Hims is on. One pill and you can treat multiple things with a single pill. It's much easier for the patient to remember. It's their one pill. It's customized to them. And it has a bunch of active compounds. Why can they do that? In a traditional medication, have you ever wondered why most medications are white? It's simple because because it's like rice powder. Most medications are are actually a a rice-based excipient or like sometimes they have it's called an excipient. Anyways, it's powder. And like like most of what you're having in that pill is is is is a rice powder. It's an empty calorie mixed with an active compound. So actually you can have a single pill and you can mix many different drugs into one pill. Okay, that's point number one. Then how do you ensure people take their pills? Well, you use Amazon's technique here. You you become customer-centric. You create a feel-good marketing. The patient the customer, you know, and I think we should call them customers. The customer needs cuz being a customer is a good thing because that means you're going to have satisfaction. The customer needs to want the pill. It needs to it needs to be the the pill needs to taste good. A gummy for example is a great format. It tastes good. Naturally, they need to want that pill. They need to not feel stigma associated with the pill. And then lastly, you probably need AI to customize your pill exactly for what you need because it it goes beyond it goes beyond what a doctor can probably do. And what a pharmacist can probably do. And that's why compounding has not gone a lot of places because it requires way more work for a human to customize something. But for a machine, it's very easy. And with customization, you get lower lower side effects, greater effectiveness. Anyways, here's another thing. Recommender systems. So how does it work at Hims? It's it's So so they have MedMatch, right? They launched MedMatch now. So so essentially the doctors on the platform, they review your info and then they say, "Oh, do I approve of MedMatch or do I do I not approve of MedMatch?" And MedMatch does like proposes the pills. MedMatch is like, "This is what I think is the best. This is what I think is the second best. This is what I think is the third best." The role of the doctor is to make sure that the AI is not hallucinating. And the role of the doctor of course is legal compliance. But I believe there will be a time where the doctor will be out of the loop. There will be a time. It's probably sooner than later. It depends how fights the lobby of Trad Health fights. It depends on that. But sooner or later there will be a time where where it will just be the AI doing this. And it will just be an an AI recommender system. And and and and you know, it's like right now of course, some people may be uncomfortable having AI doing recommendations, but I I can tell you recommender systems are very very very powerful. Will you trust an AI to customize a drug for you and pick a pill for you? And and you know what? I absolutely will. I absolutely would do that because the AI is going to just just just run the GPUs, run the recommender system machine, run the algo on 2.5 million people on a very very large data set of people with maybe 300 observations per people. Up 2.5 million people in a row, 300 for observation. Imagine doing machine learning on this. Right? You're going to have to use something like a Data Clique or a Snowflake. Imagine doing machine learning on this. It's absolutely amazing. No doctor can see that. I mean, in fact, how many patients are is the average doctor going to see in their life? 10,000 patients? Something like that? You you may take the most experienced doctor. They're never going to be a match for an AI. And and and and we know like we've had so many examples for years like Target, Amazon, Walmart. We we know that they've had to intervene so many times because they offer a woman baby diapers. And and and and the woman doesn't understand. And so the AI knows that she's pregnant before she even knows she's pregnant. The AI knows cuz the AI analyzes all of the data. It's on your phone. The data's all there. And so these companies got into trouble offering baby products and baby formula cuz the AI knew that she was pregnant and she didn't know she was pregnant. This is likely how it's going to work for most conditions. That's why it's so important, I believe, to upload all of your data, all of your labs in a single place. And that that place is going to keep up with the best AI. And Hims is that company. Hims is a San Francisco Silicon Valley AI-driven company. They're going to keep up with the best AI. Also, think about the next iteration of that. Of course, the next iteration of that is digital twins. The AI will create a digital twin of you. Probably somewhere at Hims. And then Hims will be able to simulate how you react to drug XYZ. Right? And maybe the maybe the AI does a Monte Carlo simulation, 10,000 different simulations to figure out how your body reacts to that perfect combination of pill that's going to address your menopause or your andropause or your low T or your ED or eventually much bigger diseases like diabetes. I think diabetes is coming up for Hims. I think that's going to be a big deal. Right? Physicals are coming up. I don't know how they're going to do that. But but the labs is is is pretty much 80% of the physical is the lab. So we're pretty much always there. Like you know, pairing with all of these these apps, pairing with your Apple Watch, pairing with your Samsung Watch, pairing with your Oura Ring, pairing with your Whoop bracelet. That's all coming, too. So so to me to me this company is extremely AI ready. And of course, you're going to provide so much better insight than trad health. I don't know how trad health is going to compete. Anyways, let's look really briefly about the feel good aspect of her patient adherence. And you can see they're going all in on this. And so they have different drugs, right? You're okay. Well, somebody may may Well, we know we know for example erectile dysfunction and hair loss are usually correlated. So, somebody may need to deal both with hair loss, dermatology hair loss is a field of dermatology and and and then ED. And so you have a single pill that treats both, right? We know ED and heart health is also related. So, you could have a statin and ED or both both in one pill. And you can have all three of them together. Why not? And then the AI just just looks at interactions and make sure there's no bad interactions, but it is the AI that handles that. Like a doctor most doctors in a physical wouldn't even want to touch more than three or four issues. They don't have the time. So, so so hopefully that makes sense. AI designed drugs and then of course, how do you make sure people people come back? Well, you almost present the product like jewelry. You make people feel good. This was their Hard Mints. That was a successful product. Compare Hard Mints and they had like a really cool looking mints. It just looked like a Tic Tac. Compare this to the competition, which is you know, which are these pills which which do not make the customer feel good and have stigma and and you know, the same is true for Metformin. You go buy Metformin at the pharmacy or whatever. It it it it makes you feel like you're ill or something, right? Look at these gummies. Gummy gummies are probably a better form of excipient than pills for a lot of people. A lot of people prefer gummies. So, maybe they get their heart health medication in a gummy. There are so many different ways that this this there are so many directions that these products are going to take. And of course, with their automated warehouse, with their new peptide facility, with everything that we're doing, one customer, one pill, one customer, multiple issues, one pill. And then you're like, "Oh, do you prefer a gummy or do you prefer a pill? Do you want Do you want two smaller pills or do you want a bigger pill?" &gt;&gt; [sighs] &gt;&gt; I I I I I I cannot imagine how far this company is going to go. This is their weight loss product, right? It's four in one. So, this is the the oral oral weight loss product, Metformin based bupropion. There's a few other things. There's a B12 in there. All in a single pill, right? For people who don't want injections. You can have a pill. So, do you want an injection or do you want a pill? Do you want a pain-free injection? Which I think is is probably where they're going to be headed with this these these two acquisitions, the year bio and the tribe acquisition. You know, I'm interested of course for blood samples, but I'm interested also for injection. Could this work in reverse? Oh, I'm so excited about the optionality of this company. Anyways, let's move on. There's a third zero to one business innovation for Hims. And it's about how we pay. How do we pay for what we get? Okay, just like just just like just like Spotify changed the business model of music, you know, young folks in the '90s in the '80s, they used to spend $300 a month on different CDs and albums and music. And and Spotify was like, "Okay, no, it's 100 million songs, 10 bucks a month." Well, they're doing kind of a similar thing with the business model of doctors. So, the whole point is why would we pay for a doctor or visit? There is no need to pay for the doctor or visit. The doctor is the knowledge. But the knowledge is near free these days with AI. In fact, Grokdoc try Grokdoc try Grokdoc. Try Grokdoc and see how good it is. It is very very very good. And I've I've asked doctors about this. I I have many friends that have that have that are doctors and I can tell you it is excellent. Grokdoc. Knowledge is near free these days. Most of the job of a modern day doctor is legal and supervision. Making sure the AI doesn't hallucinate, making sure the patient is not going to pass out or something. And much of their role is is writing notes, writing long lengthy notes, which Hims by the way does automatically for them in in in their EMR system. But writing notes is is so important and they write these notes for legal protection of course, but they also write these notes so that the insurance company in the back end doesn't ding them and say, "Oh yeah, we're not covering that cuz we don't like what you wrote in the note." Uh so so it's an it's it's mostly an administrative job these days. You know, and and and actually I would argue a lot of patients too have they already know what they got. They already know the issue. You know, you're a woman you try to go for birth control, you likely know which one you want, right? I mean you're you're diabetic, you likely know which which diabetes drug works better for you. You you likely know all of this. Like, you know, you go for weight loss, you likely know which GLP-1 you prefer. You've read about liraglutide, you've read about semaglutide, you've read about tirzepatide, and you've decided you want semaglutide. You probably know all of that. So, in so in in that in that case kind of like a real estate agent, right? A real estate agent, you already know which house you want to bid on. So, so we these knowledge jobs don't don't really have a role anymore. And and we know that for sure from Elon Musk. I mean Elon Musk said it before. You know, Elon Musk had his presentation in front in front of of neurosurgeons talking about how quite simply the human hand cannot place sensors in the brain because the brain moves too quickly and it is too small and too narrow and the human hand can't handle it. You only a robot can handle it. And this is the same for making a customized drug. How could a pharmacy make a customized drug? How could a pharmacist be expected to analyze 2.5 million customers and look at interactions? They're not computer scientists. Any anyway, even computer scientists don't really know how AI comes up with such good recommendations because it's a black box. We don't really know how AI can predict you're pregnant so much earlier than you. Right? But they can. So, anyways, we're creating this super intelligence and to me it's very obvious that this is going to be near free. So, we probably shouldn't be paying for it. And that's the innovation of Hims. Hims is future ready. They are waving the gating key gatekeeping fee to getting treatment. The there is a gate gatekeeping fee to getting treated for anything. And that is having to go see the doctor to get the famous or infamous prescription. You have to go see the doctor. It's a legal requirement. You have to go see the doctor to get to get the prescription. At some point at I fundamentally believe that an AI at some point will be able to give that prescription. Um but right now, Hims is not charging for that. Right now, if you go to see Hims and you say, "I want to I want to have a GLP-1 and you and and you have a BMI of 18." Yeah, Hims is not going to give you a GLP-1. You're too skinny. Sorry. Uh but they're not going to have you pay. They're not going to have you pay for that. They're not going to have you waste time to go see the doctor either. They're just going to tell you, "Sorry, we can't help you out." So, you don't pay if you don't qualify for the drug. If you don't qualify for the treatments, you don't pay. This is very disruptive. Most trad health doesn't understand how disruptive this is. This is disruptive because okay, physicals typically tend to be covered over not always, but more often than not, rent-seeking in trad health has created the ping-pong issue. The ping-pong issue, which I keep pounding the table and this is this is a big issue. So, doctors of course, they need to spend a lot of time writing notes. So, they will say something like, "I can only address this issue on this visit." And you'll have to book another visit if I'm going to address another issue. Maybe with another doctor. Ping-pong. You take the patient, you send them from doctor A to doctor B. Referring them to the specialist. That's ping-pong. Right? A classic is you go see your family doctor and I'm I'm taking Hims traditional issue of ED. The family doctor maybe doesn't want to treat your ED because I don't know you're you have a complex case or maybe they just outright don't want to do it. They'll refer you. And sometimes, you know, not always, but sometimes you you may be referred to the wrong person. Like in kidney care it happens that you refer to the wrong doctor. Same for low T or ED. Same for you know, there's endocrinologist urologist. Doctors sometimes don't refer you to the right doctor. And so they move you from specialist to specialist to specialist, And so that's 200 bucks, 400 bucks, 400 bucks. Let's let's assume you want to go get your labs. So, your physical's covered by insurance, but then what if you have the doctor who calls you after they see the lab and you need to come back to discuss your labs. Very common thing, right? You need to come back to discuss your labs. That's a very common thing, too. Boom, 200 bucks, 200 bucks. So, so so trad health has created a rent-seeking thing in doing ping-pong with the patient and sending the ping-pong ball from specialist to the lab to another specialist back to the family doctor. And this is what you avoid entirely with the business of the the business model innovation of if we don't give you a service, we don't charge. We don't give you a service, we don't charge. That's a business model innovation. That's very revolutionary. And and and here you know, I if I was trad health, I would be quite worried about this. I definitely would be worried about this. And then lastly, well, there's there's there's one quick one, of course. Zero physical presence is obviously an innovation. You would be surprised by how many companies don't get this, right? I mean I mean you still have Chase Bank who's building branches everywhere. Like they're building a branch. Like like you still you still have companies who who who just hang on to their old ways and don't dematerialize. And they're like, "Oh, I need I need to expand my network of stores. I need to go buy more stores." But so I'm not going to discuss this this very long. But of course, the original zero-to-one move of a lot of of a lot of these companies is, you know, you know, Spotify. You you move from a physical CD to something dematerialized. Netflix, you move you move you move some from to streaming from uh buildings, right? I mean Netflix originally used the CD form of digitalization, but Netflix versus Blockbuster Blockbuster you had a network of thousands of stores, and you go from fully dematerialized, right? Doctors need to move that way, but they're not doing that. Right? They're still building very large medical office buildings, even though we know most most care happens via prescribing a pill, but they're still building a very giant medical office building. Like you Like Yeah, you need you need medical office for some procedures that actually require touch from the doctor, right? But uh you know, like surgery. But otherwise, you don't do that. Otherwise, you can do so much of it remote. And and most of these medical office buildings actually have a have a large amount of of the floor dedicated also to labs, right? Lab core of these big companies, Quest Diagnostics, thousands of stores. Same thing for something that is clearly going to be dematerialized, just like Netflix dematerialized with DVDs, uh used DVDs instead of using Blockbuster. You know, Hims might actually disrupt the lab business. Where where where just using you know, mail-back sample, mail-back blood draw as opposed to as opposed to like having you drive somewhere. So, zero physical presence, that's a big deal. Of course, Amazon is doing that a little bit, too. It's not entirely physical not not entirely, you know, 100% Hims, but you you'd be surprised on how companies like, you know, CVS uh Walgreens with Village MD, like they're not they're not they're not catching on to that for some reason. So, anyways, that's an innovation. That's the original zero-to-one innovation for a lot of businesses. Okay. Let's finish with the most important innovation, which is the toughest one to get for traditional health. No insurance accepted. Hims wants nothing to do with insurance. Why do they want nothing to do with insurance? Well, there's multiple reasons as to why they want nothing to do for insurance with insurance. First of all, bill pay back end of generation, that takes a lot of time, it takes a lot of money, and that's something that Hims never wanted to do. If you follow LifeMD, you know how much of a hard time LifeMD is having getting insurance to pay for their GLP-1s. They haven't launched menopause yet, probably because of insurance integration. It's very tough to try to go for insurance. Hims, right off the bat, said, "It's pointless. Why would we go for for insurance?" And this is from a from a a few conference calls ago. I think it was Yemi who said that, talking about how the average the average American spends about $200 a month in copay, $200 a month in copay. Well, and you know, maybe it's more than four or five issues, but but for sure right now with $200 a month, for sure right now, if you go on hims.com, you can get treated for five issues, for sure. Like you can have a you know, their their their least expensive treatment starts at $54 for for for ED or something like that. But then you can do bundles, and you can do like for $69, you can have multiple things treated. So, for sure right now, you can I mean you I mean you can get treated a lot of stuff than a 55-year-old in bad health would need to be treated for less than 200 right now with Hims. This is crazy. With a doctor visit included. AI, using AI to help you with the better drug, with the drug that makes you feel good, that is branded. So, right off the bat, you don't need insurance because insurance have copays. it. That's point number one. Point number two, tons of plans do not cover what a doc may deem necessary. And and this is the story of insurance. For example, if you want to go get certain labs, you oftentimes need to say that you have a family history of this or that, right? They're not going to give you, you know, more than 200 labs. I mean the the labs offering of Hims is crazy. All of the things that they check on you at Hims is crazy for $199. That would cost you thousands and thousands of dollars for traditional health to get everything tested. And traditional health will say, "Well, you don't need to test for actually all of this stuff." Well, yeah, you you know why they say you don't need to test for all of this stuff? Because they don't take your 200 GB of data longitudinal, load it up into a black box AI that's going to find out what's going on with You want to My my take on this is you want to measure as much as possible because in a few years, when we get digital twins of ourselves, and we can test all sorts of treatments on ourselves, you will need to have this data collecting collect Data is the fuel of modern intelligence. Artificial intelligence feeds on data. If you want to have a doctor who is an expert in you, an expert in you, you need to answer as many questions as possible, give it as much data as possible, and then it will make the best recommendation. And doctors are like, "Ah, you don't have family history, so insurance not going to pay." And so they don't they don't prescribe it to you, right? Listen to Peter Diamandis. Peter Diamandis is very very big on that. Talk talking about uh how like like for example, there there's some cancers, there there's some stuff that could be detected very easy with a simple test, but doctors don't prescribe the test. That's it. Like they just don't because XYZ reason. Um prevention is is is very important, and and that's what's going to help. Also, there's there's stuff that you may want covered where I just say good luck. You want to get ED covered? Most plans don't cover it. You want to get weight loss covered? Most plans don't cover it. How about low T? Most plans don't cover it. How about menopause? Maybe some, not so sure. Longevity? Definitely not. Peptides? Definitely not. So, most plans don't cover a lot of that stuff. So so if medicine is moving into a direction where what is needed is actually sick care, and people actually want health care and not sick care, the point is we don't have traditional health care. We have sick care. We don't have traditional health insurance. We have sick insurance. That's another way to think about Hims, by the way. Anyways, that's the second point. First of all, you have your copays, it's going to be cheaper to do everything out of pocket. Second of all, the insurance may not cover what you deem necessary. Third of all, and crucially important for Hims, I've listened to a lot of doctors. Doctors often struggle getting paid by insurance companies. Just because somebody uses insurance doesn't guarantee that you are uh that you as a doctor are actually going to get payment, right? And that's that's that's that's why a lot of people uh get get, you know, a ding on their credit score, medical debt, all that sort of stuff because they don't check their mail, because they go to the doctor, they think their insurance covered it. Eight weeks later, the doctor finds out your insurance didn't cover it. And so they send you a bill, and you miss the bill. So, I could talk also about clear pricing. In in the modern day, you need to have clear pricing. Right? Hims gives you clear pricing. Traditional health doesn't give you clear pricing. In the modern day, you need to have clear pricing. So, anyways, listening to this podcast, up to 40% of the yearly revenue of a doctor is in limbo, is at risk, is up for negotiation with insurance companies who negotiate very tough and very hard to try to pay less for the doc for a service that doctors provide. So, actually not using insurance is an enormous competitive advantage. The last competitive advantage for Hims not using insurance is, of course, velocity. And we see this with LifeMD who accepts insurance. LifeMD is moving very slow. Hims is moving very fast. Why are they moving very fast? Because they don't accept insurance. So, they don't have to move at the pace of the payer, the pace of the commercial payer who is most likely a very bloated with people who don't work at night like AI. With with with, you know, &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Anyways, with with you know, people who have a bunch of days off, paid time off, all all all of that sort of stuff that you don't have an issue when you use AI diagnosis, AI doctor, AI everything. So, anyways, this is the conclusion of this video, my friends. I sleep very well at night with Hims at 35. So, this this this stock has been a roller coaster for over 3 years for me for me now, about 3 years. Um this stock is so undervalued, it's not even funny. You remember a prediction that they had for 2025 up until like Feb 26 for full year 2025, you remember how low that prediction was? From from memory, I think the prediction was was something like 1.2 or 1.1 billion they had predicted in revenue. Uh and of course, we we we we are twice that, roughly twice that right now. We're going to be more than twice that. So, the question you have to ask yourself is their 20 30 revenue, are they sandbagging? I think they're sandbagging. What if they do 12 billion? Remember, it's exponential at this point. What if they do 12 billion in 2030? What if they double their guidance again? I mean, this is ridiculous. This company is $8 billion. EV over GP over RG is 0.1. Rule of 60 is already achieved. They're printing cash. They're buying back their stock. I love this company very, very much and it will remain a top three stocks. It will remain a cornerstone in my portfolio along with Tesla and strategy. So, anyways, kind of a different video today. I hope uh I hope you learned a few things about this company and why I love it so much. This was not investment advice. This is not financial advice. This is only entertainment. I'm hoping you were entertained. Please like. Please subscribe. Follow me on Patreon. Follow me on X. Thank you for watching and have a wonderful, wonderful day.
