---
ticker: HIMS
type: youtube
title: "Why Nice Leaders Fail with Andrew Dudum, CEO and Founder of Hims & Hers"
channel: "BoomPop"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IAYCA-whKUM
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 57153
---

# Why Nice Leaders Fail with Andrew Dudum, CEO and Founder of Hims & Hers

## 视频信息
- **频道**: BoomPop
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IAYCA-whKUM

## 转录全文

There's a superpower that I don't think people really appreciate which is being comfortable being uncomfortable. That comfort being uncomfortable like gets you through tough conversations. It gets you through pivots in the company. It gets you through days when the stock is down 15%. &gt;&gt; Meet Andrew Dudam, CEO of Hims and Hers. &gt;&gt; When you go through in life, it was never more clear based on who showed up. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And a lot of people didn't show up. &gt;&gt; Wow. A lot of people you interact with just don't show up cuz it's hard. It's uncomfortable. You know, when I was 12, my dad told me, we were sitting like in our living room and he looked at me and I'll never for this, and he said, "I'm dying. Everybody's dying. Just so you know, everyone's going to die. Like, you're the oldest son. &gt;&gt; Oh, God. &gt;&gt; You're the man of the house. Take care of your mom." Exactly. &gt;&gt; Oh, God. 12. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; yeah. &gt;&gt; The difference between neness and kindness. It's nice to not tell someone the hard thing because it's easier. They don't feel bad. But it's kind kinder to have the hard conversation that makes them fundamentally better as a human. &gt;&gt; When my sisters were dating people, I', you know, I would joke with my brother like the if the first thing they say when they come back from the date is like, "He's like such a nice guy." I'm like, "This guy has no chance." &gt;&gt; So Andrew Dudham isn't your typical tech CEO. He's built a multi-billion dollar healthcare company. And I'm very biased, but reputation as one of the most genuinely good guys in the business. And the twist is your success, Andrew, uh, comes from kindness. Not the fake like conflict avoiding niceness, but real kindness that often means having tough conversations and doing the right thing even maybe even especially when it's hard. And I remember we we met um I think it was right after you dropped out of college. &gt;&gt; Yep. We were in the same fraternity but never actually overlapped. And I remember &gt;&gt; Thank God. Thank God for [laughter] that. Yeah. &gt;&gt; The house would have burned down. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Would have been bad. &gt;&gt; And uh and remember like you were just coming to the Bay Area and it was like you, Dylan, Dan as a bunch of us. We'd like go sailing and stuff &gt;&gt; and we became friends. You obviously joined at Atomic. Um I then joined later. We kind of over overlapped for a little bit and you've just gone on to do incredible incredible things, man. &gt;&gt; Um &gt;&gt; and obviously like I love the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of you. So thank you for doing this. I know you don't do this. &gt;&gt; I'm super happy to be here. This is a lot of fun. &gt;&gt; I appreciate it, man. So, can we uh I'm going to kick it off. &gt;&gt; Um, look, your your company, Hims and Hers, is built upon &gt;&gt; having conversations people normally kind of avoid, you know, it's like sensitive stuff like, oh, you're losing your hair, [clears throat] you know, you're having ED issues. There's all these things you do, you know, that that are so important. And I think there's a part of this that may have started pretty young in your life about having tough conversations. And there's, you know, if you're willing to share it, there is this moment uh that we've talked about privately as as friends where you were 12. Um your dad was, I think, like 38. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He was my age. &gt;&gt; He was your age. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And you got some really hard hard news about that. Um and that's that's got to be like a pretty crushing thing for a kid to go through. I'm just I'm just kind of curious like there's this spectrum of CEOs out there. Some are you call mercenary CEOs who kind of just do it for the money and some are [clears throat] missionary CEOs. And I feel like this is so deep for you. How how did that like start this whole thing? &gt;&gt; You know, when I was 12, my dad told me we were sitting like at our living room couch and my um my mom was there, my grandparents were there, and he looked at me and I'll never for this, and he said he's like, "I'm dying. die." Andrew, he's saying this to me when he when I'm 12. Um, I just might know what kills me, right? I might just be aware of it. &gt;&gt; that's how he said it. &gt;&gt; That's how he said it. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Um, and then the, you know, I don't remember a lot of it cuz I feel like you, your body like naturally just kind of like blocks out different dynamics of that. I also remember the night before he went into um surgery, it was stage four colon cancer, which by the way, for for you know, the average person, you do not get stage four colon cancer at 38, right? that is not heard of. The actual testing doesn't begin until 50 for the average male. So, we'll come back to that cuz I think it like really ties to a lot of the stuff we're doing with him and hers today and like a lot of the mission, &gt;&gt; but it was a diagnosis that was like it was shocking, right? And I think about it a lot because I am now that age &gt;&gt; and I have three little Thank you. I moisturize with him. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Um, and the hair products, right? Um, so I'm the same age as my dad when he was diagnosed with stage four cancer. I have three little babies. He had four little babies. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And the idea of of the fear of that as a father um like today really shakes me. But I remember being 12 and and being taught that data was not scary. &gt;&gt; Oh, interesting. &gt;&gt; Learning things was not scary. What was scary was not knowing. And my dad self-dagnosed himself with stage four cancer. He he spent like this is early internet days. It was like WebMD type channels and and uh discussion boards where he was piecing together his symptoms. The doctors, he brought it to them. They said no. &gt;&gt; They declined the testing because you just don't get cancer at 38 of stage 4. It turns out it's a very specific genetic predisposition that nowadays you can get testing for and it's it's easy to to recognize. But we were taught really early that information is not scary. Yeah, &gt;&gt; information is a blessing that you can then do something about. &gt;&gt; Totally. &gt;&gt; And I think from an early age being one taught to confront the reality of like mortality at a very young age gives you a conversation around a 12 gives you a conversation about perspective of life, right? Because like you don't think about that usually until I don't know 30s or 40s when your parents are sick. I thought about it when I was really early. Um, and then also a conversation about responsibility. So, the night before my dad went into surgery, he gave me he has uh he had he doesn't have it anymore, a pendant that was kind of like this one. It was a like a Mother Mary pendant, kind of a Catholic pendant that he always wore as a kid. And I just remember like playing with it. Uh, and he always had it on. And he took it off and he gave it to me. &gt;&gt; Oh. &gt;&gt; And he's like, "This is yours." Like, "You're the oldest son. &gt;&gt; God, &gt;&gt; you're the man of the house. Take care of your mom. take care of the kids like you know like we're first second generation Palestinian so it's like kind of old school type talk right like it's not modernday parenting like this is a kind of immigrant conversation &gt;&gt; but there was that heaviness and clarity of like you you have a set of responsibilities that is unique um &gt;&gt; holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] your dad literally the the pendant he had worn his whole life he handed to you the signal being &gt;&gt; this this you might be wearing this now Yeah, exactly. God. &gt;&gt; yeah, I gave it back to him. Um, which is great. Um, but that like that sense of um that sense of responsibility uh and information is like really interesting. &gt;&gt; It is. Um, and we live today in a world where like that information for most people you just can't get access to. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. Like um I'll give you an example. My my father-in-law has had multiple heart attacks. Then he had a heart attack at age 50 and then another one I think like 10 years later. And the well a couple of weeks before and and in both situations he was um you know pronounced dead. They like froze his body and they resuscitated him, unfroze him and brought him back to life. It was like severe lifeending attacks. &gt;&gt; But and remind me, he's a data guy. He's like a physicist. &gt;&gt; He's a physicist. He's like a famous physicist. He rides his bike 40 50 miles a weekend. Like I can't keep up with this guy. And just like heart attack. &gt;&gt; Holy. &gt;&gt; And both in both situations, my wife and my mother-in-law told me that he went to the cardiologist like a week or two before and the cardiologist was like, "Hey, your cholesterol numbers are looking great. You're like, "Keep it up. You're doing a great job. keep it up and then boom, two weeks later. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. &gt;&gt; And it wasn't until a few weeks or no, a few months ago that I got him testing for some more advanced genetic predisposition markers &gt;&gt; cuz you now know all this. And now I know this is like what you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. This is what I do all day. And there's one test called lipoprotein little A. It's a genetic predisposition to heart attacks. And if you have an elevated lipoprotein little A and your cholesterol numbers are perfect, you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; What? Yeah, like you're going to have a heart attack. &gt;&gt; In order to be okay with an elevated lipoprotein little A, with this elevated kind of risk factor, you need your cholesterol numbers to be spectacular. Like &gt;&gt; wow, &gt;&gt; spectacular to a degree. Most doctors would be like, &gt;&gt; what are you like seven? Like this is like like it's crazy numbers. &gt;&gt; And there's medicines for this. There's statins, there's PSK9 inhibitors, there's injections, there's all types of stuff that you can do if you have this predisposition to reduce that risk. &gt;&gt; He found out at 65 after two heart attacks that he has this risk. Oh my gosh. So, we then went through the process of &gt;&gt; testing everybody we knew. &gt;&gt; Seriously. Like everybody that we in our family &gt;&gt; that came from this lineage in mine, we tested and half of them have a number that's off the charts. &gt;&gt; No way. &gt;&gt; Yeah. and and we've got, you know, I've got, you know, siblings and cousins that are in their 40s who are incredibly healthy with perfect numbers and have no idea they're 10 years away from a genetic heart attack. &gt;&gt; And so this idea of just like responsibility and and access to information &gt;&gt; is like I think something that is really important to me. Um, and I think it shows up in, you know, why I still run this business. It's maybe like one of the only reasons I still run this business is just because I think that's so impactful. But that requires hard conversations because it's so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] uncomfortable &gt;&gt; to get that result. It's so uncomfortable to confront that reality and to piece it together. It's so much easier and I see my buddies do this all the time and a lot of our shared friends like you know I'm not going to I'm fine like I'm like I go for a run not to know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's easier not to know things and I have, you know, made it something that is a pillar of my life to push those conversations to have &gt;&gt; uh that be comfortable in the uncomfortable uh for a better good, which is getting education out there. &gt;&gt; What an amazing thing just just to like say this back to you for 5 seconds. You realized early on not just the power of data, but how the power of tough conversations, being comfortable in the uncomfortable literally save lives. Yeah. and you started a whole company that just does that. &gt;&gt; It's a superpower. I've thought this for a long time. &gt;&gt; That's amazing. &gt;&gt; There's there's a superpower that I don't think people really appreciate, which is being comfortable being uncomfortable. [snorts] &gt;&gt; Say more. &gt;&gt; Like it's a I don't know. I think about this a lot. Like in order to have hard conversations Yeah. in in order to confront tough things, in order to build teams and make changes and fire people like running companies like &gt;&gt; people ask me like what you know what's a key trait and one of the ones I keep coming back to is just like &gt;&gt; so much of great execution I think is really really hard &gt;&gt; and it's not like difficult like physically it's like emotionally hard. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And so getting your body and your mind comfortable, &gt;&gt; being uncomfortable, &gt;&gt; yeah, &gt;&gt; is I think like one of my superpowers, &gt;&gt; you know, and I think part of this also stems even just like from my predisposition like like I've probably told you this &gt;&gt; since I was a teenager. I've had panic attacks, &gt;&gt; right? So I like hate doing podcasts. Like I hate I really appreciate you doing that, &gt;&gt; right? Like I just like not it's not like my top fun thing to do. And and like I've gotten like I've gotten comfortable with like being on stage and being like, "Oh, wow. Panic attacks hitting. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's really uncomfortable." &gt;&gt; And then being like, &gt;&gt; "All right, &gt;&gt; I got it. &gt;&gt; It's kind of going over, &gt;&gt; you know, and like so like that comfort being uncomfortable like gets you through tough conversations." &gt;&gt; It gets you through pivots in the company. It gets you through days when the stock is down 15% 20 whatever it is right like um you just recognize you're in this moment of time that is not perpetual is is going to change and in this moment this wave is uncomfortable and you are extremely well equipped to sit there in that uncomfortable period &gt;&gt; that's amaz I I want to talk about for a second um the difference between neness and kindness I think it's actually like a really important concept for the idea of having hard conversations being okay with feeling un okay. Like it is nice to like smile at someone and like and like actually it's nice to not tell someone the hard thing cuz it's easier. They're not going to feel bad. &gt;&gt; But it's kind kinder to have the hard conversation that makes them fundamentally better as a human, fundamentally safer as a patient, fundamentally more healthy as a like all those things are true. And and I I remember, you know, um I was chatting with with uh with the amazing Sarah on your team &gt;&gt; and she was saying how you you have many mantras and everyone should know this like everyone who works on your team [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] loves you. I mean that you don't hear that often actually. You really don't hear it and it's so deeply true and she was saying that one of your mantras was if you want to have impact at this organization you have to have tough conversations. It's interesting because in health I think specifically one of the biggest barriers as you mentioned and it's in leadership too it's kind of like avoidance. &gt;&gt; And nearly twothirds of men I always look up these studies and stuff nearly twothirds of men say they delay going to the doctor as long as possible. &gt;&gt; Mostly because of weird reasons like embarrassment, fear of bad news or not wanting to like seem weak or something. &gt;&gt; And and like that avoidance, that silence, it comes at a tremendous cost. tremendous [snorts] cost. Which by the way, just to take it back to your dad for a second, what a badass. &gt;&gt; All these pros are like, "Well, we don't know." He's like, "No, I'm going to figure this out." &gt;&gt; And then despite I mean, there's &gt;&gt; uh And obviously I know your dad. He's like one of the best humans on the planet. So, I'm not surprised, but I we've actually never talked about it to this detail. So, that's &gt;&gt; Anyway, &gt;&gt; the nice the niceness verse kindness is an interesting subject, though. &gt;&gt; Like that. I don't think there's enough nuance in people's mind between the two. I agree. &gt;&gt; And there's there's huge differences in my mind. My wife is from Minneapolis, right? You know, so like I hear about Minneapolis nice, like Minnesota nice all the time, &gt;&gt; right? It's like just like smile. Like we're like, "Hey, everything's good. Everything's good." And it's total [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's just a fake smile, right? That that's what that means. &gt;&gt; And you know, when my sisters were dating people, I'd you know, I would joke with my brother like the if the first thing they say when they come back from the date is like, "He's like such a nice guy." I am like this guy has no chance. &gt;&gt; Like is if like if if like nice is the first thing you say when you talk about a person, &gt;&gt; it's a placeholder. &gt;&gt; Right. It's a placeholder for like they're a pleasant person. They're, you know, &gt;&gt; they didn't do anything wrong. They were just there. They smiled. They had some courtesy, right? All great things, right? Like all important things. Um but super different from kindness. Like super different. &gt;&gt; I And I agree. I don't think enough people realize that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I think kindness is actually about respect. It's like it's it's an it's an emotional intellectual respect for the other person &gt;&gt; and uh thoughtfulness for how I'm going to interact with you. That might be honesty, might be directness. There's I think like an underlying &gt;&gt; thoughtfulness, understanding and respect between in communication that is at the core of kindness. Totally. And and often that means tough things like tough conversations, honesty, right? Like transparency. Um still doing it with kindness, right? Like in the right way. Um &gt;&gt; but you still got to do it. &gt;&gt; But you still got to do it, right? Like nice nice doesn't do the thing. Nice is the smile. That's right. &gt;&gt; Kindness does the thing. &gt;&gt; I completely agree. There's actually this there's a bunch of psych psychology studies that that clearly point to humans in indecision. It is the worst mental state to be in. So, like if you have two options, a good and a bad, you actually feel psychologically worse not knowing which it is versus just knowing it's the bad, right? &gt;&gt; And one of the like nice tactics I've seen is like, oh, well, let's give it a little more time. Let's see how it goes. &gt;&gt; That delaying, oh, it's actually unkind to the person as a result. And there's there's something about, you know, one of the things we say, um, &gt;&gt; and I probably learned this from my my very Italian wife, Rachel, who, you know, who like conflict is love. [laughter] Italian is it's important to be conflict seeking without being an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right. &gt;&gt; And to me that is the nuance. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. My grandfather used to tell my father who then has told me my whole life &gt;&gt; you catch more bees with honey than vinegar, [laughter] &gt;&gt; right? And I think that's that's true, right? Like life is long, right? People say life is short. No, it's like it's actually quite long, [laughter] right? If and and you you know the way in which you interact with people, the way in which you maintain relationships &gt;&gt; have a tendency to come full circle. &gt;&gt; Right. And I can't tell you how many times like &gt;&gt; you know we choose not to do a partnership with this individual at this company and then they switch companies &gt;&gt; six years later we're doing a deal you at a different company. Yes. &gt;&gt; Right. Or the candidates the wrong type you know the wrong person for the role today but they are next year. &gt;&gt; Totally. The way in which you build your community around you and interact with your community with a long-term orientation and people feel that I think is really is really important. Totally. Well, this is something and you kind of always been known for it. I remember even like you kind of knew things even even earlier on in life. But my take on you at least is you've always thought in decades. &gt;&gt; You rarely think in quarters or or years. It's like what's the long-term thing? And part of I mean think about it like this is one of my favorite things about the culture of whatever you want to call Silicon Valley this where we live &gt;&gt; is anyone could maybe be the next breakout success or founder whatever and so as a result people are like they try to be pretty cool to other people for the most part you know like it's not always &gt;&gt; and those people are remarkably successful you know some of the best investors you know &gt;&gt; they worked with the founder and it was the third time the founder pitched them but the way that they rejected the founders the first few times they didn't know ignore they didn't delay delay and go, "Well, do you have another term sheet?" "Oh, oh, now I'm interested." Like, "No, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that." They just say, "Hey, look, you seem great." &gt;&gt; This is not for these reasons. And they tell them fast and clearly and then they get the deal because they were cool about the way that they said the hard thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, &gt;&gt; have I ever told you a story about Ryan Sarver and Jules Moltz? &gt;&gt; No. Tell me. Tell me. &gt;&gt; So, because Jules was on the podcast. &gt;&gt; He was. Yeah. He was the first guest actually. Yeah. Yeah. We actually talked about you on that podcast. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So those two guys um Redpoint IVP they were some of the first investors in him if not you know the first few first first few. Yeah &gt;&gt; I had been running a business before him &gt;&gt; which was extremely mediocre business. &gt;&gt; Well not to start &gt;&gt; now always right like [laughter] like my my my wife reminds me she's like I met you when you were running like a completely failed startup like [laughter] it was like it like really wasn't working and she's right it was like really not working. It was like a mediocre business. Um, and I remember pitching it to Ryan at Redpoint when he was early there and Jules at IBP. And both of them did something and I've pitched hundreds of people, like hundreds of investors, like everybody we can think of. I had a bad pitch for them. Uh those two guys after the pitch, the whole partnership showed up at our office um in the precedio with a print out and uh this is like a week after the the kind of full partnership meeting and it was a print out of exactly the reasons that they were excited and the reasons why they chose to pass. &gt;&gt; And they explicitly walk through, okay, of the reasons why we're choosing to pass. Let's talk about retention as an example. you know, your 12 month retention number is, let's say, 25%. We like to see it at 35% minimum. &gt;&gt; Because here's why. If you model it out over three, four, five years, the compounding benefit, the difference is like structural. Like, if you can't get it there, the stickiness isn't going to last. Wow. You know, you're going to be spending money in and out. &gt;&gt; And they walked me through that dynamic. Or Ryan walked me through his perspective on the market. They thought, you know, this big incumbent was going to do X, Y, and Z, and they couldn't get over that hump, and they believed that we were going to do our best shot, but they just, you know, they thought he was right about he was right. Actually, both of them are right. Um, and but the &gt;&gt; the kindness in how they told me no. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; they showed up. &gt;&gt; They actually like physically showed up in person. They had prepared materials. They walked me through it as a teaching moment. And they did it, you know, uh, with the purpose of actually trying to help me, right? Even though they weren't going to invest, they weren't going to give me money, they still were like, "We want to help you. I want to like tell you, I have I have the privilege of having all this pattern recognition. Let me give you that knowledge." &gt;&gt; was so memorable that when we started HIMS, I remember the phone call. I called Jules. I said, "Hey, man. I got this new company. Uh, we just launched like 4 days ago." Yeah, &gt;&gt; like this was like November of 2017 or something or like a week ago and and I was like and I have none of the numbers you're going to want to see cuz I don't know yet cuz we're like 5 days in but I'm pretty sure they're going to be more like what you said you wanted to see versus the last company I had. And he was like really? I'm like I think so. And he's like awesome. Like like let's talk this week, right? And they invested like right after. Yeah. &gt;&gt; so I think that, you know, that full circle community is so important. Uh, especially in the way in the place we live today. I think that's like one of the &gt;&gt; the most beautiful parts of San Francisco. Totally to be honest. And the whole industry we're in is like &gt;&gt; there there is a respect there. Um, and I actually think a lot of that has like &gt;&gt; kind of like morphed in the last few years in ways like I haven't loved. Like I've seen like offshoots of like different parts of the valley up here and I'm like what is that? That's like doesn't [laughter] feel right. But I feel like what is like holding down in the Bay Area right now is that core of &gt;&gt; um &gt;&gt; like people who are trying to build something with purpose. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Have respect for each other. &gt;&gt; Uh pay it forward and have a very long-term orientation for what what this community is capable of building. &gt;&gt; Totally totally agree. Okay. Um, I want I want to switch gears for a second. So, one one thing I also like I just think is so wonderful about how you operate in the world. You know, you're you're one of the most successful definitely friends I have of people out there. Like there's not many people who have done what you've done and I'm lucky enough we are lucky enough to like hang out with you on a basis cuz you know and like you're just no one would have any idea you've done all the stuff you've done if they just meet you off the street. You're so humble. I remember this one time we were we got like was it ice cream or donuts something in your neighborhood? and you're looking and we were just like we couldn't find a chair was kind like sitting on the street like at the shitty sidewalk. People would walk by like hey Andrew like hey you have you know you just don't see that kind of stuff often. I love that about you and I think traditional CEOs I think often feel that they have to like have all the answers and you know like kind of like be all knowing and um &gt;&gt; there's a study by the way that that teams led by managers who openly admitted their knowledge gaps had significantly higher innovation rates. But one of the things I loved about something you said, we were talking about um hiring like executives and and &gt;&gt; and you were like, I have one job, which is I have to hire people who are way better at these things than me. &gt;&gt; And if you are a CEO who has to be the smartest person in the room, you are never &gt;&gt; Yeah. You'll fail. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You'll never sc. And and that was actually the first time I'd heard it. But you know, it's like I think about you. You have a you have a heart and an experience rooted in the desire to bring people faster paths obvious path to health like this comes from an early early age and all these stories you just told me you don't come from medicine you know like we went to like business under &gt;&gt; business totally &gt;&gt; um and uh and yet like you lead one of the fastest growing health companies in the world and so like how did you how did you say open to learning without pretending to have all the answers? and not like worry that oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] someone's going to think that you know like &gt;&gt; you don't know any better. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It's like a there's no question you need people on your team that are better than you. &gt;&gt; And that I don't you know it takes a certain self-confidence maybe to realize that. Like I see a lot of people not realize that &gt;&gt; to their detriment. &gt;&gt; Um I see a lot of people in my team not you know I try hard. I teach this this is something like I literally I'm I'm so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] annoying. I repeat this at every off site. Um but you have to hire people out and smarter than you. That is you being successful. &gt;&gt; That's not exposing that you don't know the answers. &gt;&gt; If you can't go out and hire people then smarter than you, you won't scale. &gt;&gt; So the conversation I have with my seuite constantly is like you guys have to keep changing and learning and getting to the next level. In order to get to that next level, you have to replace yourself every year. &gt;&gt; Oh wow. So whatever you're doing right now next year, you're not going to be able to do that anymore. Everything's changing. It's the only constant. So if you want to stay at this company, &gt;&gt; your whole role and whole skill set needs to change every year. &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; Or else I'm going to like have to kindly tell you to leave and get someone who has the capabilities to the next level. So I think the constant evolution of learning in high growth environments is extremely humbling, but it's an asset if you identify it. I love that. &gt;&gt; And and it does wean out people cuz there are some people that, &gt;&gt; you know, they're they're &gt;&gt; thftdom builders. &gt;&gt; Yeah. They're knowers, not &gt;&gt; they're knowers. They they you know, they they talk more than they listen. Um &gt;&gt; and they're not capable and they're scared. They're intimidated by bringing in somebody who's smarter than them. Um, now on the other side of that, as a founder and a CEO, just because you bring somebody in who's smarter than them, smarter than you, doesn't mean you don't go real deep &gt;&gt; and doesn't mean you question don't question and you don't uh disagree and you don't use your first principal instincts because the reason you're in the position where you're hiring that person who's smarter than you is because of your instincts. So, your instincts are good. &gt;&gt; They're unique. They're different. You need functional excellence and you need your instincts. So, one of the things that I've always done, &gt;&gt; I think I learned this from my dad. I just keep asking the question why &gt;&gt; until it makes sense. &gt;&gt; Right. And and &gt;&gt; break it down to simple and simple part. &gt;&gt; Keep like like why is that the priority? Oh, because X Y and Z said it. Why did they say it? Because of this thing we're trying to do for next quarter. Why is next quarter important? because and then finally you get to the thing and you're like, &gt;&gt; "Yeah, I disagree with that thing." Like that that that nugget that then spun all of this up, I don't think is necessary. And they're like, "Well, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] if that's the case, then none of it matters." I'm like, "Well, I'm glad I asked the question why." Right? So, like just it's a really simple question, but it gets at the root. And when you have people who are functionally better than you at roles, your ability to ask a question why across them gets to the core prioritization of what is important and why. &gt;&gt; And that's still your job as CEO and founder, right? You're not outsourcing that question. You're outsourcing the execution of the functional excellence. God. So, I I wonder like there's this through line that's so uh beautiful here, Andrew, which is you're saying you got to have the confidence to admit when you don't know something, but I think also the confidence to trust your instincts to keep asking why till you get to the room. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Those are like really interesting divergent paths, &gt;&gt; but there like that's the formula. Yeah. &gt;&gt; God, you need both. &gt;&gt; This is this is really good. So, what about what about like Okay, we were talking before we started. I remember uh when I first started, Tom, I came to visit you and you're like, "Yeah, come stop by." And I and you had this like I won't call it a shitty office, but you had an office beneath the freeway. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was a shitty office. [laughter] &gt;&gt; And uh the inside looked cool. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we made it we made it work. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it was it was actually great. And and I I came in and and I'd never seen anything like what I saw when I came into your office. I mean, in addition to all the beautiful thing like the buzz and people were excited and the energy you felt, &gt;&gt; there was a line of people waiting outside to talk to you. not outside of the building, like in Yeah. &gt;&gt; And and I I remember um asking you about it because I'd never seen that before. I was like, "Whoa, like what's this all about?" And you said, "Well, I just said if someone like wants to talk about something, I'll talk to anybody." &gt;&gt; And that approachability in in the same way that I think, you know, a lot of CEOs ironically think that by trying to show confidence, it means they don't have the confidence to admit they don't know something, right? &gt;&gt; I also think the approachability of especially highrofile CEOs also isn't there. So, I mean, I' I'd be kind of curious like what's your secret to staying approachable as a company scales and how how does that led to like any warnings on that? Has it led to success? Like what's your what's your thoughts around that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, the that's a it's a good one. I um you I think your family, frankly, is like the most grounding part of this. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Our wives. &gt;&gt; We've got we've got strong Italian wives who, [laughter] you know, one answer to that is like marry the right person. Ah &gt;&gt; right. um you can easily marry the wrong person, &gt;&gt; you know, and I think in our industry it's like no surprise a lot of people um struggle once their company has grown to find a partner because it's hard. &gt;&gt; Well, we have friends I mean they they want it desperately but you don't question the motive. &gt;&gt; They question a lot. So, you know, I think &gt;&gt; I think success, &gt;&gt; company success, financial success, whatever it is that type whatever people want to qualify as success in the like materialistic capitalistic way. Yeah. &gt;&gt; is an amplifier often of a person's personality. &gt;&gt; Oh wow. Kind of reveals their true colors. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like I don't know if it changes people. Like people say money changes people. Success changed you. Like I don't think so. I don't I &gt;&gt; It hasn't changed you actually. &gt;&gt; I haven't seen it change a lot of people. I I haven't seen it change many. I've just seen it &gt;&gt; amplify what was there. &gt;&gt; Right. If you're a kind of uncomfortable introvert, you know, and you're humble and all of a sudden you get put on the center stage, you're going to become even more uncomfortable for the most part. &gt;&gt; Right. And you're going to want to find solace in a partner and in a family and other things to counterbalance it. &gt;&gt; If you're kind of an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and all of a sudden you're wildly successful on CNBC, and there's plenty of people on CNBC who are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you see how amplified it gets. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. And so, um, I think I think for the most part, um, I've tried to keep all of the aspects of my my life and family as simple and consistent as as possible. Um, I think about my kids, right? Like I like my kids don't know anything about him and hers. They don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about it, right? We've got like earnings in a month. They could care less, right? They're just like upset that dad is like only throwing pillows at them for 5 minutes instead of 10 minutes, &gt;&gt; right? Like that's and they're like pissed off about that, right? So I think like focusing on like kind of prioritization of what matters &gt;&gt; Um for me is is extremely humbling. Um and also I think from an approachability standpoint, you know, when you hire like right now we're hiring um a seuite exec in in one of the in in an exciting new function &gt;&gt; and I'm meeting a ton of people um you know some of the best people in this function like across the industry like they're they're leading this function at like 50 hundred billion dollar market cap companies. &gt;&gt; Wow. And it is surprising how much immediate chemistry can happen when you just act like a human, [laughter] right? Like, God, that's so true. &gt;&gt; Like, these people are used to working with, &gt;&gt; you know, billionaire big shots of big companies, super impressive people, have accomplished amazing things, but they're they're as that as they've scaled in their grandiose way, they lost like the basics. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And you know, when you show up to work, you're you're you're spending a lot of time with people. Like some of my closest friends &gt;&gt; are people I work with every day, right? Because I'm just with them every day, &gt;&gt; right? They know more about things than than like some of my family members, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And I think people really underestimate just the importance of like connectivity and like human interaction. And so like hiring some of these amazing people, I think often one of the biggest assets is just like &gt;&gt; them feeling like they know who you are as a person and they trust you. When the quarter is bad and the stock tanks, like I know what our mission is. Like I get why we're here, right? Like it gives you that human level grit. &gt;&gt; Which is so necessary in these businesses because they're so rocky. &gt;&gt; All business is pretty &gt;&gt; They're all rocky. But I think that I think people really underestimate the value of that humanity in creating a sticky culture, &gt;&gt; uh, a tenure culture. You look at Apple today, I was actually just thinking about like Tim Cook, they going to retire soon, right? That's kind of the &gt;&gt; thing. Yeah. Wow. &gt;&gt; Which is a big deal, right? &gt;&gt; Um, but if you think about it, &gt;&gt; Tim has been there &gt;&gt; uh since Steve passed away, right? &gt;&gt; Uh, and before &gt;&gt; Yeah. Almost the entire executive management team is the same. &gt;&gt; Since that moment when Steve passed away, the same. &gt;&gt; That's interesting. &gt;&gt; The continuity of that team, the trust, right? The like the speed at which they can execute, the creativity, &gt;&gt; read each other's minds. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You read like that is a serious asset. &gt;&gt; That only happens because that team respects each other, trust, they they know each other as humans. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um &gt;&gt; they're not putting a facade on every day. They're actually &gt;&gt; Yeah. There's like people talk about like politics and stuff. Like that's like the worst case scenario. There's politics. The best case scenario is like it's a huge asset, right? Because they're like an F1 team who like everyone knows their part and they move fast and they execute and then they they get [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] done. &gt;&gt; So I I and I think at the core of that is actually just people &gt;&gt; knowing who each other are, respecting them, appreciating them, and and going that extra effort. And like I'm not I I'm mediocre at this. Sometimes my wife will be like, "Hey, you're talking a lot lot about how, you know, Sarah, for example, like our our head of HR and and people is doing a great job and she's giving you so much peace of mind. Like, have you told her that?" [laughter] And I'm like, &gt;&gt; "No." Like, I haven't I haven't told her that. She's like, "Maybe you should, you know, [laughter] like might go a long way." And I'm like I'm like, "Yeah, maybe I should tell her that, right?" Like, so it takes a lot of effort. Um, but I do think it's it's like one of the the the the lubricating oils in the engine that keeps things moving. &gt;&gt; Being a human, being vulnerable is actually a competitive advantage to &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; So, [gasps] I just wanted to brag about you for 5 seconds, and this might be out of school. I'm still going to do it, which is you you're saying how um tremendous success, wealth, however you want to categorize it, kind of can magnify a true person. And I was thinking as you were saying that I was like what is like what has Andrew done as like these things have happened and I realized you've done three things and you did them you've always done them. You invested in &gt;&gt; your family, &gt;&gt; you invested in your friends and you invest in your community. I don't know if you ever thought about &gt;&gt; It makes me really proud as a friend who's known you for a while now. Like &gt;&gt; I almost that's that's like &gt;&gt; keep it simple. &gt;&gt; Keep it simple. But like what a what a what a truth and and all of that I imagine like even the way that we're having this conversation, you're just so open about stuff. Like people would fall you into anything because they they're going to trust what you tell them as a truth and then they're going to go all the way down the stack and see that in your personal life you you have stayed the exact same the whole time and made investments in the things you've always cared about, family, community, and friends. It's like it's really cool, man. It's really cool. Really glad. I don't know if people take time to say that. And this actually brings me kind of to like the next thing that I I wanted to talk about if you're up for it, which is like people have told me who have taken companies public that it's like uh going to hell before you die. &gt;&gt; And you've never said that actually. You've always said you love it, which is &gt;&gt; I do love it. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Which is really interesting. But I have had personally hard moments as a friend of yours seeing you come under fire in a very public setting. &gt;&gt; And I remember there's these moments where we were talking about it where like I would shoot your textbook. Hey man, just you know like I love you and I like I know what you're going through is hard and you say thanks. It means a lot to me and like how do you not what the question is beyond like you do love it and I think it's cuz you have this incredible long-term mind. You know who you are. You know your you've always known your values but man sometimes it seems like it's pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard. &gt;&gt; To get fired like that. How do you find the resilience to make it through some of that stuff? &gt;&gt; I mean a lot of it is is those texts to be honest. And I think when you're a public-f facing person in some way, having people you love or trust or respect intellectually proactively go out of their way and say like, "Hey, like I I see what's going on like I'm here." &gt;&gt; It's not like here's some guidance. &gt;&gt; It's not like, "Hey, maybe you should do that." It's not anything productive, &gt;&gt; right, from a like solutionering standpoint. It's purely just like like I see it and I'm here. &gt;&gt; Like that acknowledgement um &gt;&gt; is hugely valuable. Hugely valuable. And and I'll tell you what it also does is it makes it very clear clear in life &gt;&gt; who your friends are. &gt;&gt; Your actual friends are &gt;&gt; your actual friends. Like when you go through [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in life and my dad, you know, just told me this too when he was sick. &gt;&gt; he's like it was never more clear based on who showed up. Yes. Yes. &gt;&gt; You know, a lot of people who you interact with just don't show up &gt;&gt; because it's hard. It's uncomfortable. &gt;&gt; Like like who wants to show up to like, you know, somebody who's it's actually hard for the person to show up. &gt;&gt; Right. Um &gt;&gt; but you got to show up if it if it matters, right? And so the filtering in life that comes from seeing who shows up in tough moments is so valuable. It's such a limited test and I actually it's made my life so much simpler. &gt;&gt; Oh, interesting. Yeah. &gt;&gt; You know, because like it's just clarified where I need to focus my time. &gt;&gt; Right. Like you know, of a hundred people or 100 friends I had like maybe there's 10 that matter. &gt;&gt; And let's like go deep. Let's go deep on those 10. Y, right? And make sure that I'm there for those 10 in the same way. &gt;&gt; Um because sometimes it's surprising. It's actually surprising sometimes who shows up and who doesn't. It is um such a telling. It's it's the whole like what do you do not what do you say thing. Yeah. One thing I just wanted to like to to to to pull on a thread there for a second is um &gt;&gt; I think as you said when someone becomes increasingly public facing they start being less of a human to some people. Yeah. &gt;&gt; One thing my dad always taught me growing up and said to me over and over again said you have to remember everyone at the ending of the day is just a human. &gt;&gt; That's it. And you know, I've been thinking about this conversation, how how you kind of pointed out in such a beautiful way that like a lot of people, incredible leaders who who like are better than you in their thing, want to work with you cuz you're just human to them and you connect with them and you're authentic. And there's something important about like just knowing that because it's so easy, as my like obviously anthropologist wife tells me, it's so easy easy to create an other. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. And and one of the things I found to be true, no matter what, no matter what the conflict, whether it's geopolitical or ideological or whatever it is, every single human has more in common with any other human on the planet than they have not in common. &gt;&gt; Full stop. &gt;&gt; And it's so it's so like um it's wild when people forget that. And it's especially wild and this is obviously a personal story for me because I I get defensive on your behalf when you see that happening to you. I'm like what? I'm like I'm like like what the f like do you even know Andrew like &gt;&gt; he is the most family guy you know he invests his like he does everything the right way for all the right reasons of anyone I've ever known like the like cares about money the least actually I want to flip this too because so that's the negative side of it right is like when you lose sight that someone is a human then all the bad stuff happens kind of like full stop &gt;&gt; but the good side of it and you could call this empathy you could call it whatever but this is also true because you are so human driven The one thing that has made you just set apart which is why you know I I would say a huge huge part of why him and hers is so successful is you are obsessed with humans experience you're obsessed with it &gt;&gt; and I remember early on it was never like oh what are the metrics saying you're like no I want to see it I want to experience it as a human there's public numbers about this that like human customer obsessed companies &gt;&gt; grow faster by a long margin than companies that are kind of spreadsheet running and &gt;&gt; and I I guess like I think about some of the stories you told me and people know this like you read customer tweets personally and obsess obsess over them and and you know like I guess I'm kind of I'm kind of wondering like any &gt;&gt; let's say you're someone listening to this and you're an early founder and you're kind of in the scale stage like any stories about when you got a specific piece of human feedback and it actually changed trajectory for how you were thinking about stuff &gt;&gt; every week. &gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Every week. I mean all the time. &gt;&gt; Like it's it's &gt;&gt; I watch friends use the HIMS app. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And then I see them click a button that's not actually a button. It's like a headline. [laughter] And I'm like, why are you clicking that? And they're like, "It's a button. It looks like a button. It's bold." And I'm like, "That's the headline. [laughter] It's not a button." You know? And I'm like I'm like, "Fuck." And I take out my phone and I text like, "Dear Jar, chief product officer." I'm like, "It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] looks like a button, you [laughter] know? Like like it's it's not it's not right." Like like there's a there's a million examples every week. Like I That's the difference I think sometimes in somebody who treats their business like a founder versus just an operator. &gt;&gt; Oh, totally. &gt;&gt; I had this conversation with Christopher Payne who you know from CP is the best. &gt;&gt; Yeah. CP's he's he's on our board. He's you know Door Dash president &gt;&gt; and you know when I talk to Chris it's like as close to having a co-founder type relationship uh just because that's who he is. &gt;&gt; He's amazing &gt;&gt; versus anybody else I've ever met. And you know, he tells me these stories about when he was at uh Door Dash and he like bought something on Door Dash to test it out. It shows up and like the wrong eggs came or something and he's like, "Why did the wrong eggs come?" You know, and he like went to the store and he like turned on the Door Dash Dasher app and he like he became a Dasher so he could experience it and he was like, "Oh, it's because whatever. These eggs were not in this aisle. They were in a different aisle and it was marked wrong." And it was like wow the obsession over the detail. um is scalable. &gt;&gt; Like that actually was the unlock. Like people think that that's not scalable. Like the founder looking at that detail, why you're wasting your time. It's like no. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Like I'm finding insights that our organization is missing because we're too big. &gt;&gt; Like we're we're too removed and like maybe that headline right there um you know was too bold. But that means that like a lot of things might be too bold. Yeah. [laughter] &gt;&gt; And and like everyone over 50 is clicking the wrong thing in the app and then they close it and they think it's broken. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. It's like you can unravel the insight. &gt;&gt; And and so I I actually think a founders's super skill and something that is like hard to teach. This is hard to teach to anybody um is obsessing over that detail. Yeah. and having the confidence that, you know, with that obsession, you'll find nuggets that actually do have massive impacts because I've just seen it over and over again. They they really do. Like I'll see somebody on Twitter be like, "Hey, you know, I tried to cancel my order and I got this message and, you know, I was trying to confirm that my shipment was going to be sent before it canceled and then I never heard back." &gt;&gt; You know, I'm like, "Well, why didn't you hear back?" And I'll like ask customer support like, "Why did they hear back?" It's like, "Oh, it's because for some reason it got lo it got stuck in this other queue." And I'm like, "Huh, &gt;&gt; there's another queue, &gt;&gt; right? Like, how many other messages might have gotten stuck in this other queue?" And you like dig into it's like, "Oh, there's 750 people in the last week who got stuck in this queue and they just think we didn't respond." &gt;&gt; So, they're just mad. They just think we're being shitty, &gt;&gt; right? And so it's like you actually can unlock impact in your business by having that level of customer obsession. &gt;&gt; So don't let anyone tell you it's not scalable. Like it's totally scalable. Um but it is something that I think often as a founder you have to do because it's just it's really hard to &gt;&gt; totally agree. It's so funny you say how important details are, Andrew, because I think about this through line I've heard from a bunch like so obviously Brian Chesy has been saying this a ton all over co-founder of Airbnb. But I remember once I was like doing this talk and Richard Branson was like the next speaker and I was like hey man like what's one piece of advice you can give me one piece you're so successful and obviously the founder of Virgin and he goes details matter. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and even one of one of our I don't know if you ever knew him at Penn, but what um his his family runs this really big luxury hotel chain and he he told me this story about how his dad who founded the hotel chain was sitting at breakfast and someone brought him milk for his coffee and the milk was cold and he goes and he goes through this whole thing hotel chain wide teaching that when you bring milk for coffee you make it warm, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And his son at the time was like, "Oh, come on, dad." uh you know like I'm sure our sons will do like dad you know &gt;&gt; and then that a week later he's sitting down at breakfast one of the properties and someone brings milk to another guest and the guest goes oh my the milk is warm and he was like oh my gosh &gt;&gt; it's everything the details are everything &gt;&gt; details are everything yeah totally &gt;&gt; um okay this has been um so fun thank you for doing this and thanks for just like talking about all this stuff &gt;&gt; for having me on &gt;&gt; and for doing uh what I know you don't like which is a podcast [laughter] so I guess here's here's Closing question is if you could snap your fingers and and give one piece of advice either to like your much younger self or to any emerging founder leader about a lot of these like very human ccentric lessons you've learned over time what do you think it'd be like what would you want them to like really hear and and like understand earlier on in their careers &gt;&gt; you know I think this idea that every phase in life uh comes and goes is like a really interesting &gt;&gt; thing that I reflect on. &gt;&gt; Um you know there's that book like zero to one, right? Did you ever read that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. &gt;&gt; And there's the the chapters about like the dark days. I don't know what the name of the chapter is, but it's like &gt;&gt; you know when everything is broken. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. And and every founder has that feels that that chapter deeply multiple times usually. &gt;&gt; Speaking of panic attacks, &gt;&gt; right? the panic attacks to the to the moon and it's like every you're just like barely holding it together. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. &gt;&gt; Uh and then on the flip side, &gt;&gt; you know, almost every founder has the the the weeks where it's like things are just working. &gt;&gt; You know, and and like you just your instincts feel right or maybe you raise money or you like close this candidate or like something you got a partner or sales like it's working. &gt;&gt; Both of those moments come and go. M &gt;&gt; like the good comes and goes, the bad comes and goes. &gt;&gt; That's great. &gt;&gt; Um because it's really hard sometimes to transition from one to the other. And I think what I've learned in in building him and hers even to this day, right, we're we're public. We've been public for five or six years. &gt;&gt; Is that right now? &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, it's &gt;&gt; It still goes from the good days to the bad days. &gt;&gt; Sometimes multiple times a day, [snorts] &gt;&gt; right? And so like your ability as the founder to to just ride it &gt;&gt; like recognize like that was good and then recognize like oh this is tough [laughter] and like kind of like remove yourself from it a little bit. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh that's &gt;&gt; and create space and actually just like more like label it. It's like a little bit of like cognitive behavioral therapy like label like &gt;&gt; that was that was some good stuff and like oh that's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stuff [laughter] &gt;&gt; you know but like but not get tied to it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um because your ability to make really great decisions, your ability to stay calm when everybody else is panicking around you, &gt;&gt; your ability to keep people focused when everyone thinks things are going to the moon. &gt;&gt; You know, like I've had days where like the stock is like ripping and everyone's so distracted. &gt;&gt; And and and &gt;&gt; and you know, people are looking at me like, "You must be so thrilled, right?" And I'm like, &gt;&gt; "What goes up comes down, man." &gt;&gt; You know, and what goes down usually comes back up, too. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's right. Right? So, like, let's not get over excited here. Like, some shit's still broken with the business. Let's get back to it. Right? And on the days where the stock's down, it's like, hey, let's not get too depressed. Like, look at the charts. They're going in the right direction. Right? Like, I think that ability as a leader to to have space between those and realize whatever you're feeling, whatever your team's feeling, whatever the moment is for your company, it's going to come and go. It gives you gives you some perspective. That's super healthy. &gt;&gt; Equinimity. I love that. &gt;&gt; Thank you, man. This is great. Really appreciate it. &gt;&gt; You bet.
