---
ticker: 1860.HK
type: youtube
title: "Acecraft review: Retro Cartoons + Hardcore Gacha. Collectible Albums just hit Midcore!"
channel: "two & a half gamers"
date: 2026-04-08
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gx25ycpF9H4
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 55879
---

# Acecraft review: Retro Cartoons + Hardcore Gacha. Collectible Albums just hit Midcore!

## 视频信息
- **频道**: two & a half gamers
- **日期**: 2026-04-08
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gx25ycpF9H4

## 转录全文

Western IP is not going to do well in the west but very good in the east &gt;&gt; is yeah that's my &gt;&gt; nothing makes sense &gt;&gt; I mean it does because the game is made for Asian audience but the art style is from west because Asian audience love this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and the game needs to be suitable for Asian audience if if it's like too easy nobody would play it. Yeah, assistant. Design wise for me it's like literally 9.9 out of 10. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; it's rolling with those coins. Jack ups the sky. We're the two and a half gamers. The midnight crew talking UA adverts and game design too. M feeling shaku bringing the insight. We're rocking those vibes till the early daylight master eyes on the prize tracking data through the cyerspace skies. Felix stacks colors like a wizard in disguise. Crafters lift us to the high. Two and a half gamers talking smack. Slow hockey stick got your back. Ads are beautiful. They light the way. Click it fast. Don't delay. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. &gt;&gt; Back. What did I say? Welcome. &gt;&gt; Can I go? Can I go? Yeah, you can go. &gt;&gt; Welcome to another Welcome to another special episode of the Two and a Half Gamers podcast where you can stay two and a half steps ahead of the gaming industry. Today we are talking about the most impressive game I've seen since White Out Survival. We're talking about Acecraft. &gt;&gt; What happened to you? &gt;&gt; White Out Survival. That was two years ago. &gt;&gt; No, I said the most impressive game since White Out Survival. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I know. But still, it was quite some time ago. &gt;&gt; What happened? I mean, I haven't been this impressed with a game in this long. It's really cool this game we're going to talk about. But before, I'm Felix Braber. &gt;&gt; My name is Confused Lunch &gt;&gt; and I'm surprised to catch. &gt;&gt; You guys are not impressed by this game like not at all. No, I'm not. &gt;&gt; You've seen Kingshot? &gt;&gt; Okay, fine. Kingshot as well. But yeah, I'm really impressed. &gt;&gt; And by the way, we are your hosts. Thank you very much for coming. I mean, and I'm I'm I'm yeah, I'm surprised as well because Andre was also impressed. And Andre is my co-founder of Playable Maker, and he he told me about this game last week. He's like, "Yeah, we're talking about it on the podcast and oh, it's I love it." And I was like, "Oh, okay." And I don't I don't like it. I really don't like &gt;&gt; It's not about what you like or not. It's just revenue numbers are insane because it's it's not the Granny game. No, no, no. &gt;&gt; But he likes all only granny games because it's physical motor skills. &gt;&gt; No, no. I I like No, no. I don't care about it's like the skills and I really hate the the art style. &gt;&gt; Ah, the art crazy. It's &gt;&gt; You don't like Tom and Jerry? &gt;&gt; I do. I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] get the Tom and Jerry there yet. I mean, I don't &gt;&gt; It's impossible. I've been trying to get Tom for like a couple of days. It's like &gt;&gt; know how much money it costs to get that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you need to pay so much. Yeah, you really need to pay a lot of money. And &gt;&gt; well, gotcha, man. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. And it was like it was the first time actually I thought I'm going to reroll. It's like like okay and like okay let me &gt;&gt; you reroll and it takes you like two days to get one temple. Goodbye. &gt;&gt; Like nope. &gt;&gt; Nope. Well, actually I could reroll with the 99 cents offer. It would be easy. It would be cheaper &gt;&gt; to actually &gt;&gt; because you buy the 99 cents and you can actually go and buy and try to get the Tom or Jerry in those &gt;&gt; do it again and keep them keep the offer or what? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I just do it again with a different account. &gt;&gt; With a different account and they will also give you the resources. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. It's just like it's 99 cents. It's not that that expensive as I would just go and buy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like everything in the shop. So like but then it's like nope. &gt;&gt; But no, this game is not made for rerolling. If you compare it with something like umamus umamus reroll takes like 20 minutes and you get like &gt;&gt; Oh yeah yeah yeah I know &gt;&gt; seven eight temples immediately. So &gt;&gt; wait wait wait are you impressed with this game or no? I know mate is not &gt;&gt; I'm quite impressed of course but not on the level of like white out survival. &gt;&gt; Yeah &gt;&gt; there's there's some clever engineering here and system design but uh it's not I think like you know best thing since bread which Kingshot literally is. Ooh. Okay. &gt;&gt; Should we show the game fan decide or let the listeners decide for themselves? &gt;&gt; Of course. Why not? So game first numbers after numbers are huge. Let me just say that here. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Huge. Before we go there, dear listeners, this episode is brought to you by PVX Lambda. No ampads this time because uh I want to introduce our new sponsors PVX Lambda. So you know it's a gamecher and you can plug it into MMP and get clean and clear ROS benchmarks, retention insights and even forecasts or of whether you are ready for funding. So no fluff just real answers. Go to pvxpartners.com/lambda and get your growth strategy on point. So pvxpartners.com/lambda 100% free. Go there. &gt;&gt; Hey, you Yeah, you can you can do it. You can do it. It's fine. Okay, so here we go. For those that looks familiar, the art style here, it's basically similar to a game called Cuphead, which is a very very popular PC game, which also did this trick of using 1930 animation. &gt;&gt; You are level 15, Mr. Yakup. &gt;&gt; Yes. What's your level? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm I'm Let's Let me check. &gt;&gt; I'm level nine, &gt;&gt; Mr. You are impressed. Oo, you are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] impressed. Oh my god. I'm I'm level I'm level 13. Okay. So, obviously &gt;&gt; impressed all those two hours. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. I'm so impressed. I played it the full hour. &gt;&gt; It's a great game. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; I can see I can see it on your level, man. Jesus, &gt;&gt; man. You can get to level nine just by playing the game for 5 minutes by clicking patrol and taking all the XP for the whole day. That's it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You watch seven ads and then you are there. &gt;&gt; I did for all 30 minutes. &gt;&gt; How dare you? How dare you say anything? I was like, "Fuck me." &gt;&gt; Anyway, yeah. So, um we have this like this is of course the play. I don't think so we have a popular mobile game with this art style yet or this whole pretty much &gt;&gt; the first No, it's popular, man. It's going to die in two weeks in US. &gt;&gt; In US? In US? &gt;&gt; In US? Absolutely. In not really. No, &gt;&gt; we we know already that uh there's this other Tom and Jerry game that was super super popular in Asia. We just haven't played it or I I don't think so. It was released in the west or or maybe it was but it didn't went big or something. But yeah, Asia loves these like &gt;&gt; I know Disney style 19. &gt;&gt; That's why it's made by a Chinese company. &gt;&gt; It's Moon by the way. here. Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's that's &gt;&gt; the games that did uh what's the Bang Bang? Uh &gt;&gt; Mobile Legends Bang Bang. &gt;&gt; Mobile Legends Bang Bang. Yeah, the mobile which is like uh League of Legends kind of followup. And then they did Watcher of Realms, the tower defense game we have been talking about recently. And it crashed. I don't know why. &gt;&gt; I know why. Because it's made for people with money and iPhones. That's why. Anyway, let's get to the core core game play. Uh once it slows down, &gt;&gt; I can do the dance. You'll do the dance while it's loading. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I can do it. It's fine. &gt;&gt; So, this is actually under category M's favorite. Shoot them up. &gt;&gt; Shoot them up. Shoot them up, baby. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; But for those that remember these games, those are like scroll up shooters or I don't know how to &gt;&gt; the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] making this up. Exactly as the dinosaur style grabs. It's the same thing. &gt;&gt; It's basically similar to like some of the old games like uh Call of the Shadows Raptor or the Tyrion game. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. That one those one. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, &gt;&gt; no idea what &gt;&gt; Okay, good. I was like &gt;&gt; I'll show you afterwards. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we are basically controlling this plane of our character. &gt;&gt; This is everything. This is everything. &gt;&gt; Yeah. This is everything because everything was originally the starter of the genre. Yeah. No, it wasn't. But this is the closest thing. &gt;&gt; We'll get to talk about this. I'm talking about like 1980s, man. So, &gt;&gt; yeah, of course. But, you know, history lesson, we can get there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Something more, you know. &gt;&gt; Anyway, so it's an interesting spin of on the whole hobby action uh RPG rogike formula because &gt;&gt; it's hard to talk and play. I know. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this one is very easy to focus. &gt;&gt; Well, especially here like this is super hard. &gt;&gt; Uh, &gt;&gt; it is actually hard. Yeah, is very hard. The good thing that I think it's like really innovative is this whole mechanic of you. By the way, there's one button control that that's like really good like and uh heads off guys for doing this way. So, if you hold the button and you see these projectiles that are pink, you it means you can absorb them, which means you get this kind of tornado spin, vacuum cleaner, whatever, and you absorb the projectile. And then you actually in a counterattack shoot it back again at the enemy, which is amazingly satisfying if it's timed correctly and gives you a lot of &gt;&gt; control. Way more damage. Yeah, way more damage and you not only like not only defensive because you get rid of the projectile that was flying right at you, it's also offensive because again you just get more damage through it. So that's amazing and I think it's a great innovation in this because I haven't seen this thing ever in any genre. Like I had this hate these things where sometimes there's just so many projectiles that you can do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You just like floss the whole screen and I'm dead. &gt;&gt; This is also quite Yeah, I know. I know. It is quite interesting. which is also interesting because they also did implement I think brilliantly like this is one of the most uh I think clever implementations of like gacha incentives in in this whole template of hobby where the game very clearly gives you incentives to upgrade different heroes different weapons different things because it's basically my second life which is my second guy and if I don't have upgraded him he's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so I need to upgrade more characters now which is really good elements. &gt;&gt; I have onector. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. One correct one uh well I would I will say like some other one like it's it's a bird or something. It's absolute [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and he's only like u close uh combat kind of attack which I need to be very close with these uh enemies. &gt;&gt; Everybody has the same attack, man. Like first two attacks are the same for everybody. &gt;&gt; Really miss you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idiot. Okay, tell me. Yeah. Let me just show you the the bird. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yeah. My god. It loves you so much. Yes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Thank you. &gt;&gt; No, no. I'm I'm I'm saying that like uh is probably what you're talking about is the third or fourth skill, the ultimate and the other one probably. Those are the unique ones per character, but the first and second one needs to be the same because there's the same skills for it. So, they are the same. &gt;&gt; They are not shooting in the same way. &gt;&gt; Uh could be shooting differently, of course, but it's still shooting. It's shooting, but it's from close distance, not from the long distance as this guy. Did you have you played with that guy? No, no, no. Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; I have the hamster guy and the whoever's the other guy. And this is this is this whatever. &gt;&gt; No one has Tom or Jerry, right? &gt;&gt; No. Tom Jerry is literally &gt;&gt; I arm. This guy &gt;&gt; Donald Duck from Wish. &gt;&gt; And uh also another another one &gt;&gt; is the the attack. Yeah. &gt;&gt; This is the close combat like like very short distance. So &gt;&gt; which &gt;&gt; that's the that's the main cannon. &gt;&gt; This is the main cannon from a very close [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] distance. So don't try to convince me lucky because his skill didn't reach his character. &gt;&gt; No, I'm saying like you are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wrong. That's it. You're not always right. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. Okay. &gt;&gt; That's that's my main that's my main issue. That's my main issue. Nothing else. Uh, another interesting part they did here is that uh they have these abilities like this one where you literally need to go over the power up to especially trigger it. Like here you have these mini bombs. Then you have uh another interesting thing like with these boss phases basically the waves and everything like how it's structured like I think again flawlessly with like the skill randomizer and stuff around that. So like I'm really liking the core and like everything that these guys pull in regarding the innovation in the genre. I think it's enough for to feel different but not that kind of complex or hard to get into to like lose. &gt;&gt; What do you think about the music? &gt;&gt; The music is great. I currently it but it's like fits the theme and everything like so good. Even the effects and literally it looks like you're playing the 1930 cartoon. Like everything looks so smooth. Like there's never a point where it breaks away the immersion and like leaves this kind of 1930 cinematic feel. It's always like all the menus, all the animations, everything. &gt;&gt; When you see the purple balloons for the first time, but you have to shoot the bunny balloons and they like become the they're like scared of going down and then they explode. It's just it's so good. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So good. Like see even even these menus like they just like look so good. Even the menu transitions. And by the way, it's already uh ready to like it tapped uh pre-mapped the controls for emulator already. Like I didn't even have to do it. Like so it's &gt;&gt; they knew you're going to &gt;&gt; Why is that a big deal? Why is that a big deal? &gt;&gt; It's lowest friction and you know they're counting with the big population on emulator already. &gt;&gt; Oh really? Yeah. Of course it's like &gt;&gt; or it's also Android Android for PC. No &gt;&gt; I haven't played that one because Android for PC breaks down the virtualization machine which means I then cannot run any other emulator. &gt;&gt; Um yeah I I didn't you know mention that because you you should try it. I was just saying they might be thinking about &gt;&gt; Yeah, it could be &gt;&gt; Android for PC. Let me &gt;&gt; Anyway, um so that was the core gameplay. It's similarly to one of those like like we talk about like that Abby portfolio we we need to look at uh at some point. They also have the shoot them up uh plain sides scrolling games. &gt;&gt; No, they must come with the the actual emulator players because it's not on Android PC. At least I can't I can't install it. &gt;&gt; Okay, so back to the thing. So metag game metag game wise this is basically hubbies template one to one &gt;&gt; one to1 &gt;&gt; with some additions that that's the good part because we have stuff like friendship bolt which is super good which means they are tracking the progress of your friends if you give them your link code and yada yada yada yada. So this mechanic &gt;&gt; redeem all those all those uh crates there if you want. Oh, you can't &gt;&gt; 1,800 gems. You need &gt;&gt; you need the friendship scroll stick to be flying. &gt;&gt; I have one or two. &gt;&gt; Anyway, continuing um friends here again. Send and claim energy. All these things like done perfectly. Uh there's &gt;&gt; look I can uh I can already redeem two. &gt;&gt; Yeah, because &gt;&gt; and then I can redeem the gift once for for the sky reward recruit ticket. Yeah, of course. Give it to me. 10. Okay. 10 tickets. Thank you very much. &gt;&gt; So, back back to it. Um, regarding the inventory, even though this looks differently, the layout and everything is basically the same. So, we have six slots merge ga with like fusing elements such as these ones like exactly hobby pipeline. Nothing really to it. This is actually the same even this thing like you remember this from Survivor.io. This is this is like one to one. The big difference here is that you unlock new skills through this, not just get upgrades. So that's there. Uh in this menu, there's a little bit of a more skill tree. So your dog, you like skill threes. We put skill tree in your skill tree. &gt;&gt; Three, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So there's three skill threes here which are given through these medals that you get through various occasions. So that's there. It's pretty good. Like you know, click a button, you get an upgrade. A nice feeling. So that's there. That's like what two or three layers already. Then we have the why it's getting so slow lately. &gt;&gt; It's about to crash maybe. &gt;&gt; I hope so. &gt;&gt; It crashes when I'm AFK or something. Uh so those are like two main layers. Then we have the pilot layer which means different characters and that's also really fleshed out because we have the character itself. We have its instances, meaning that for each copy, I can unlock more and more outrageously destructible skills on top of it, which I won't click on because the animations once it load up breaks later. &gt;&gt; Then I upgrade his main stats if I have enough of this type C thing. So there's a special currency for that. The other interesting part is that he also has wingmen which wingmen are basically two accessory &gt;&gt; additional &gt;&gt; weapons basically &gt;&gt; weapons. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Which are also if you get the weapon itself it has its attribute bonuses and it can be promoted similarly to gacha. So its copies from gacha will give you more stats. So that's there. But the good place as you see here like there's elemental bonuses. So, if I match the elemental affinity of an item with the rider, it gives 25% bonus, which I have with this sad hamster guy, which &gt;&gt; this is this is you. This is one to one you, man. It's a little bit more hair, but it's definitely you. &gt;&gt; A little bit more hair. &gt;&gt; This is just like very good. He's very good. Uh, but this this one in like that's the main character. It needs to be character. Basically what you're saying, the spend depth in this game is huge. &gt;&gt; Giant is giant. Yeah. And then you have stuff like like this guy. Hello, Mr. Tom. &gt;&gt; Uh oh, also forgot some of these guys, the original ones, they have also support skills. &gt;&gt; Meaning that if you have two characters matching in your like selected loadout, they get thunderfield synchronous ability where we have seen this last time. &gt;&gt; Isn't this mus? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; No. Hab &gt;&gt; whittle defender &gt;&gt; come on I don't remember that &gt;&gt; it's hobby gota &gt;&gt; hobby it is here &gt;&gt; so that they have that there uh typical stuff daily quest system achievements really nothing to it idle system with patrols which you can quick patrol and like water stuff like that same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] not really something new then oh battle pass this is really interesting So their battle pass. So I can click on the battle pass because it's playing a Tom and Jerry cartoon. &gt;&gt; Yeah, because if you click on crash the thing. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Anyway, uh &gt;&gt; you can swipe left and right and then ba basically if it's playing the cartoon, it's you can't click on it. If it's uh the actual navigator pass there, you can't see it, then you can add it. &gt;&gt; Their battle pass has very one very interesting upgrade over usual battle passes. It's a typical battle pass. Nothing really to it. You get free free stuff. You get the where is it? I can click on it. Yeah, navigator pass it's called. So you have the paid column and you have the free column. The interesting part here and notice this. This is this is the super interesting part. So I click on the reward. It gives me the reward. And that also gives me the rewards that I would get if I purchase it. And it looks in the same animations like I'm getting all of the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] which I'm not. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I was like, "Oh, I got all of this because I unlocked something for for 90 90 gems." And it's like, "Okay, where the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is this?" Like, "Oh, go to purchase." Oh, no, no, no. This looks so good. It literally gives you all the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that you would get if you get the battle pass, but you don't. So, it's basically upsell with every single click. &gt;&gt; This is the best upsell battle pass I've seen ever. &gt;&gt; So, hands down very, very good. Um, but yeah, you see the layout is basically the same as with like all the hobby games and even Royal Match. monetization on the left, engagement on the right, battle pass in the middle. Like it's tried and tested. And then the hobby uh template has these two buttons on the left and right, which is the alternative modes, more more alternative modes. And like this one, I don't know what this is. And 4.6 teams, Tom and Jerry, I guess some again event or live stuff that I didn't get to it. Uh the realm trial is as usual uh the the daily molding where it rotates out especially with days here. So opens on Monday, Thursday, Sunday, Tuesday, Friday, Sunday and then bullet storm opens on this which is Wednesday as we recording. Typical thing really nothing to it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but &gt;&gt; what &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, I was playing today the Balon party. &gt;&gt; The balon party. Yeah, &gt;&gt; I'm playing today, but only mode they have there which is super interesting is the co-op mode actually when you can play with other player and I'm feeling that it's actually synchronous. &gt;&gt; Let me invite you now. &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's see if &gt;&gt; I can. Yeah, I just send you an invite. &gt;&gt; Seems to me that it's synchronous, not unsynchronous because last month I think you have 10 seconds. Come on, man. Yeah, let's do it. Let's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do it. Yeah, start. Let's go. Okay. Where is the No. Echo. Okay. Good. &gt;&gt; So, it's synchronous. Yeah. No bots. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It should be. Yeah. I mean, I was playing this and and and like the guy was snatching all the healing things from me. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Literally like all of them. Like I I I I was like, "This is not the bot." Definitely. So, see, that's the healing part. You kill it and then someone picks it up. &gt;&gt; It's me. &gt;&gt; So, this is amazing. Like, honestly, like this is done very, very well. Again, this is the social functionality I was bitching about with all the hobby games. &gt;&gt; What a connection. What the hell? &gt;&gt; That that is not really there. &gt;&gt; Uh, you see, I can even &gt;&gt; Well, yeah. Heal me. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I can't because we both died. &gt;&gt; Are there placements in the co-op as well? No. &gt;&gt; Uh, don't think so. We don't. But if if I would be able to rest Mate, I would just sit in sit on him a little bit and I would like rest him up like the guy that I was playing with last time and like he rest me like nine times. Probably pitching all the way. I was doing like 5% of the damage. Yeah, but you can invite other people as you see here into this co-pilot mode. Looks pretty good. There's achievements for it. You get uh stuff like these things. So, that's there. And you also get booster packs. And this is also the big upgrade that this whole thing is doing, which is in my opinion amazing. where what we have here we have our favorite collectible album that's been taking over casual genre and now it finally arrived in a midcore game which is complete turnaround I think because I think I never seen it in a midcore game yet so if we go here &gt;&gt; yeah there it is cheese action &gt;&gt; and you can also &gt;&gt; it's only one month instead of two months than the usual monopoly royal match whatever style album &gt;&gt; yeah because here &gt;&gt; tried and tested &gt;&gt; it's no it's not really the same retention curve as the royal match and &gt;&gt; exactly &gt;&gt; that's why it needs to be on 30 days and why we know faster &gt;&gt; because we actually work on a bit core game and we know how the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ret looks like. &gt;&gt; So exactly &gt;&gt; monetize is much faster and as Mate said the the whole thing works differently but what what does it offer? It offers the trade functionality. So, you can go and trade with other people, which is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] important because this is all about &gt;&gt; Oh, wait. I have I have the I have the duplicate cards, which are just I just pulled the the one with with Tom. And guess what? I found Echo. Yeah, I found Echo, the the main one. Okay. So, I was there. Where's the collectible on my card? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I want trade received known from me. I can't Well, wait. I don't know like how to actually do it. Let's see. &gt;&gt; Duplicate cards, I think. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but I don't know. &gt;&gt; What do you think the spend depth is here? Like how much do you think? &gt;&gt; Here. Here it is. Send to friend. &gt;&gt; Oh, let me just see. &gt;&gt; Send to friend. Lunch hero. Swap. Lunch. 24 hours to respond to your swap request. &gt;&gt; Okay, let's see. &gt;&gt; Where do I get email? Maybe. No, &gt;&gt; probably somewhere. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we'll see. Okay, trade. I see it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Wants to swap cards. Fine. No cards available to swap with. How? &gt;&gt; You don't have duplicates. Then &gt;&gt; I just need to have &gt;&gt; Man, I just have this &gt;&gt; man. Go here. Go here to chest and if you can if you can exchange duplicate style for rewards at least one. If this button is if it's &gt;&gt; then you don't have Okay. Interesting. &gt;&gt; because I just pulled the the same main no main character. Uh and it's like oh that's it. Okay. So I don't understand something I guess. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Anyway, this this whole functionality is super strong now that we have it in midcore. It just proves the point that this whole [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing is super super strong regarding engagement, regarding retention, regarding metag game mechanics. It's just like the best thing ever. &gt;&gt; Um, so yeah, they added it to the hobby template, which I think is amazing. And I don't think so that there's anyone else in the midcore that dare to go and add a casual metag game mechanic into their games. &gt;&gt; We will know probably, right? &gt;&gt; What do you mean? We will know. &gt;&gt; More games will do this now. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's my guess. That's my guess. Of course, because it spread like wildfire in casual and I guess goes to &gt;&gt; you know but why it spreads like wildfire in casual because some like western studio did it. This is completely different. I don't think anyone's going to do it unless someone from west is actually going to put it into the game. &gt;&gt; We'll see. Anyway, then we have Tempest Track which is another alternative mode that has just kind of some bonuses and stuff for the you know different flavor and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So here you're not affected actually by uh player attributes. So again it's just more towards the skill stuff. So currently pyro revenge pilots with this element. Again what this does is essentially incentivize you again more to upgrade specific elemental characters to kind of get advantage of this mode which gives pretty good rewards here. So &gt;&gt; now I realized why I don't really like this art style. It's because everything looks the same. Yeah, &gt;&gt; everything looks the same and all the buttons, icons, everything is just like &gt;&gt; that's part of the art style. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I know. Yeah. Anyway, I can't just &gt;&gt; Nemesis return, which is again alteration of that other mode where again some characters are buffed. This is the PVP arena basically to have all of aces and stuff like that. So people compete with their wallets like here where we have four three out of the four players having either Tom and Jerry and yeah let me go to gacha and we can start to talk about that one because that's like one big only 30 minutes in no data yet only game which usually happens when we talk about any any game coming from China &gt;&gt; frozen again. &gt;&gt; Yeah it's game coming from China it's super complicated &gt;&gt; Facebook status is it's complicated complicated. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So gacha before it loads. So these guys actually also iterated in the gacha. This is no hobby gacha the usual one. I don't think so that you even have the usual know the keys keys mechanic and everything. It's not there like not one [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] chest better chest and like top chest. It's actually much more closer to something like uh hankai style or genshin &gt;&gt; again &gt;&gt; because Yeah. Yeah. Because what we have here and by the way I really love these notifications. free 10 gems, &gt;&gt; man. &gt;&gt; Just come get it because we put notification there. &gt;&gt; How much does Tom cost? Like &gt;&gt; 60 draws. &gt;&gt; Uh pilot Tom comes in 60 draws. Yeah. So you you need to count 60 draws which is guaranteed. Like this is the PT timer. No, no, 60. He's He's &gt;&gt; It's 60. It's 60. &gt;&gt; No, it's 70 because I already did 10. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. So 70. &gt;&gt; It's 70. &gt;&gt; I have Yeah, I have 50 now. So yeah, it could be. And I did two. But &gt;&gt; 21,000 gems. &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, 21,000 gems, which is &gt;&gt; Let's go to the store, &gt;&gt; which is right here. We don't even need to go anywhere. Uh &gt;&gt; need to go scroll down the diamonds. &gt;&gt; Yeah, here. &gt;&gt; So 21,000 gems, €100 for 14,000. &gt;&gt; Then there's another 64. We are still We are still missing something. So, &gt;&gt; so like say let's say €200. &gt;&gt; Yes. 2009 or 200 &gt;&gt; 170 you get,000 somewhere from the reward. So let's 50. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. &gt;&gt; The kicker is that this is the standard [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gacha. That's normal. You know, there's a pity timer for I don't know pretty pretty close when I I'm hitting it nearly because I did like six or seven temples. It's tickets. So you you spend these here. You don't spend them anywhere else. Then you have special gacha for Tom and special gacha for Jerry. &gt;&gt; No, no. It's the the draws are the same. So you you either get &gt;&gt; or not. Check check check check check check. So in this one Tom is 1.36 and Jerry is 0.34. It's skewed towards Tom. There's the other one which is skewed towards &gt;&gt; Jerry. Sure. Sure. Okay. &gt;&gt; So it means to get both you now we're at the 300 400. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Now if you if you want both Yes. Now &gt;&gt; because why would you want both? Because they have a synchronous ability probably as usual. And now we're getting to why this is closer to something like uh Genshin and and Hungai and like the mihoyo style gacha where if you have the characters, they're usually doubling the gacha depth through their weapons which act very familiar which means you now need to roll also for their weapons which each of them has their own signature one which is either this toolbox for Tom or this Coca-Cola bottle for instance for Jerry which goes again another 50 draws each. So to fully upgrade these two guys, just these two guys and I'm taking just like you know baseline like we have one instance of Tom not like he's fully unlocked of six duplicates of Tom. &gt;&gt; Sure. But I mean like you get Tom and or Jerry or and Jerry and that's the end game. &gt;&gt; But you know that these characters like once they unlock all of their abilities uh I don't even know what Tesla right is. uh once they unlock all their abilities which I cannot even get there. I would guess that again like these guys have here it takes like six copies of him. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Of course. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And in Genshin or Hongai or wherever like it's a giant difference between a character that is six duplicates and the one that's one. It's like one to 10 difference. So yeah, there's a lot of spend depth. Like this game can take it much more. I think even deeper than the usual hobby temp. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But again like it's it's the same thing all over again. which is harder all the levels deeper. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Deeper deeper. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So there's their gacha. It's basically like they ditch the hobby easy gacha and then went with like hardcore poor Asian style mi style state-ofthe-art upgraded because even Mihoyo doesn't does this that they run two banners at once which are kind of similar against each other &gt;&gt; with Tom and Jerry. So yeah, that's like a pretty big step up. Yeah, that's it. uh collaboration with Tom and Jerry works pretty well. It's there. But just saying as as as said before, there's this very very popular game in Asia about Tom and Jerry that's been grossing so much. We haven't covered that one. So it's was like a it was basically a guarantee that they will they will do very well with this events. This is also pretty good. They launched with like fully fledg style calendar something something like this thing is just track. We have the typical 7day Chinese quest uh calendar. So that's there. We have the login calendar. We have the where was it here? Yeah. Cheese festival which is basically themed around Tom and Jerry. The sign in which you can catch up for ads and then for diamonds. That was pretty nice because I'm not wasn't playing. &gt;&gt; Ads in this game is so not important like at all. Like &gt;&gt; like there. No. As soon as you don't see a pre pre-starting level boost like you know it's not going to be that the main one that they get the most impressions on is the coming back to life once. &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. You watch it every time. Of course. &gt;&gt; Can you uh go and show that actually because &gt;&gt; Yeah. Let me just finish this one and then you go. So there's this festivity shop which is a typical shop with event currency that goes away that you can buy stuff like other pilots or whatever. &gt;&gt; I didn't even go there. &gt;&gt; Why? &gt;&gt; I pretty good thing. How do you find it? &gt;&gt; I know. Yeah. There's there's cloud fishing which you means you can fish with Tom and Jerry. You just click on this button like get some old uh whatever something which weights some kilos and then you get leaderboard which I'm in the top currently. So that's there. You literally just click on the button and it's a gacha and it's from &gt;&gt; you're the only one who's found it. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. &gt;&gt; And then go there if you gave me directions like don't know where that was. &gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. You said like go there like I have no idea where it is. It's just very left or right. It's very deep. It's very deep. It's like hobby template plus the Genshin template. So, it's it's very very &gt;&gt; Yeah, but like the the art style doesn't really help with the the navigation. &gt;&gt; The navigation is &gt;&gt; Are we getting old? &gt;&gt; No, no. Like this is exactly the art style for us, man. Like this is exactly &gt;&gt; this is this is completely our demographic targeted. Yeah. &gt;&gt; This is our like cartoons and all of like we grow. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm really to check out what what does this this force six level does because like probably some portal or whatever. Then there's uh this uh archives which is basically everything's collectible. So there's monsters that are collectible. There's the wingmen that are I mean these like weapons basically. There's the pilots that you click on and again you get more bonuses from that. Like it's like typical [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like nothing really to it. The adventure style chests and stuff like I don't think we need really need to go into this like that deeply. &gt;&gt; Basically, what this means that this game released in fullyfledged feature set with fully fledged on live, fully fledged on IP collaboration, everything like this is how you should do it, not like how fast the thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But it was in soft for a long &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was in like there's even people talking I when I was getting the codes because there's also you can get the codes in. So if you go somewhere here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I was like, "Okay, I have the code. Where we going to go? Where you going to go? It doesn't really say anything. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Here. Here. Not here. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; When you sent me the code a couple days ago, I was like, &gt;&gt; I remember. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I remember here. Reading code. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's so obvious. &gt;&gt; So, it's so obvious. &gt;&gt; So, there were people talking about some code still working from closed beta. So, there was a closed beta that this came around. That that's that's the that's the point of this. And then uh &gt;&gt; so there is a world where you have closed beta, open beta, soft launch, and then you actually earn money. Oh, okay. Can you tell us someone did to super &gt;&gt; anyway? &gt;&gt; So it's fired. &gt;&gt; Uh yeah, stores pretty massive as is usual. Nothing really. &gt;&gt; One out placement in the store. &gt;&gt; One out placement. Not really that much. And uh yeah, uh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of stuff you can buy. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of progression lens and everything. So that's there. But it's amazing. like what they achieve. This is amazing and I'm really liking the game play. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, this launched last Tuesday, August 26 and &gt;&gt; it's dying. &gt;&gt; It's It's doing 600K. &gt;&gt; It's not doing 600K, man. &gt;&gt; 300K downloads. Downloads. &gt;&gt; 600K only because of the pre-registration. Most &gt;&gt; pre-registration there. Let's go to the revenue and let's actually pull on the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] filters because we really need that. There's important data behind that. So, lasted days. What do you call that? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a that's a sad snail. &gt;&gt; Sad snail. &gt;&gt; That's a very sad snail. &gt;&gt; So, it went shoot all the way to like 330K a day. &gt;&gt; Wait, wait. We There's also a web store in this. &gt;&gt; Yes. Really? Oh, yeah. There's a real web store. There's not a web. &gt;&gt; There's actually a real web store. &gt;&gt; I have it I have it up here if you want to see it. But yes, like how they link to it. I don't I don't see any mention to &gt;&gt; it's pretty basic, let's just say. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's really basic, right? So, on their developer web page that's listed, you have this called 5% bonus. &gt;&gt; Bonus. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then if you go to the store, it's here. It's pretty basic and it's only in a couple of countries. But this is the first time I see it being done so blatant or so out in the open, I guess. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But say redirect in the in the game, man. Like, there's nothing in the game. It's not really blatant, &gt;&gt; guys. If you need help, &gt;&gt; you can get the Yeah, you can get the spring offensive by from our friends, Fast Spring because this episode is also brought to you by Fast Spring, the no drama D2C partner that's been scaling with mobile publishers over 20 years. Uh, cheap was in China. So I hope you met H because they're fast growing profitable really reliable h which is more than you can save for most of the vendors in the space and whether you're launching a new web or replacing current D2C setup which should or adding a backup plan or just mediate those web shops Fastr is here for you check them out fastpring.gg GG. They know the space. They move fast and they don't waste your time. Fast spring. There you go. &gt;&gt; Nice. &gt;&gt; So, web web shops, we don't really know how much revenue they're earning. But can I just say one interesting thing about ads cuz the ad revenue is tiny here. Like, it's really &gt;&gt; hard, next to impossible for me to estimate because these guys are not using ADM Mob, they're not using level play, they're not using Max, and they're not using Digital Turbine. So they're using on this and it needed a lot of slooping but basically they are using top on mediation from China &gt;&gt; top on mediation and the way I figured this out is I only got integral ads and basically Mint integral is owned by Mob Vista and Mob Vista runs this mediation platform called topon &gt;&gt; and as you can see it's missing so many key biders like applovin not a not a pink like it's Yeah. So, I have no idea what to estimate eCPMs on for this because I don't know what they are &gt;&gt; is there bidding on bidding is on placement. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Oh, &gt;&gt; so I have no idea. Right. Which means they're not doing that much UA with app loving because I don't know they can't do that right with they can't do the blended rows or ad ROS campaign. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But what why would you do blended ROS with this kind of come on man? Like it's it's it's not it's it's useless. I probably think the ad revenue is maybe 10 or 15% because it's the same as right. Let me finish the numbers. Yep. &gt;&gt; Let me finish the numbers. &gt;&gt; Nice investigative journal. &gt;&gt; It's very good. Good investigation. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, uh we'll get to this later. Uh &gt;&gt; no, no, no. Let's not get that to that later. &gt;&gt; We'll get there just for a few seconds. U revenue is coming from China. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much for listening. See you next time. &gt;&gt; 50% &gt;&gt; of Wait, wait, let's do the dance. Let's do the dance. and revenue is coming from China. Then comes Japan &gt;&gt; and then there's a dying US. &gt;&gt; Then there's dying US. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like &gt;&gt; and then another Asian Asian gang uh countries and then France and Thailand. So &gt;&gt; 28,000 28,000 for France. I mean, come on. That's a &gt;&gt; one guy. It's one guy. &gt;&gt; It's a joke. Yeah. Holiday. &gt;&gt; Yeah. That's my favorite uh dentist. &gt;&gt; Why does it not show China in the DAU? then &gt;&gt; because it's chat &gt;&gt; has appeared &gt;&gt; data shot &gt;&gt; I don't know but uh that's that's interesting let's let me just say that anyway &gt;&gt; uh maybe if you click on uh app store instead of unified &gt;&gt; okay &gt;&gt; there no doesn't help &gt;&gt; no &gt;&gt; it doesn't really change the the numbers though &gt;&gt; so there you go &gt;&gt; so there's no one yeah there's no one &gt;&gt; whatever okay uh &gt;&gt; yeah this is Not this is not really &gt;&gt; yeah this is not a western western big super western release &gt;&gt; but still I don't think like we are looking at the correct data with the it's too it's too early to say &gt;&gt; we'll look back at it on a review radar right like we'll see &gt;&gt; we still do that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] seriously &gt;&gt; the games I was mentioning before &gt;&gt; oh I know this game &gt;&gt; Raptor one so there are these games that did this like I don't know what's the release date of this but I would guess 199 something we get to the actual game play this is the OG G OG of these things early 90s. Yeah. So this &gt;&gt; 1994 &gt;&gt; April 1st 1994. &gt;&gt; Okay. And then there's Tyrion which my guess is even older which is again same thing where you have this menu where you like buy weapons and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And then you go into levels and do the same thing as you saw there which is again this this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] which are my very very favorite games from the old &gt;&gt; 1995. I think. Oh, so it's afterwards. Interesting. Anyway, uh that was it. Uh mate, you can go UA. &gt;&gt; Only 44 minutes. &gt;&gt; Solid 44 minute episode and we can talk about UA next time. No, no worries. This is not going to be too not going to be too long. Surprise, surprise. &gt;&gt; So, what do you think they are actually showing? &gt;&gt; Tom and Jerry. Tom and Jerry all over the place. Tell me it's Tom and Jerry. &gt;&gt; Just try to section. You guys, who who's your favorite, Tom or Jerry? &gt;&gt; Jerry always. &gt;&gt; I like Tom. &gt;&gt; Tom's great. &gt;&gt; Tom is so much more funny. &gt;&gt; Tom Tom has the best memes. Jerry doesn't have many memes. &gt;&gt; Like the invisible Tom meme face. &gt;&gt; I mean, I do like Tom with uh when he was forcing himself not to sleep like &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, that's another meme. &gt;&gt; He has he has all the memes. Jerry don't have memes. That's my that's my that's my favorite favorite part of the whole [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] series. No, I mean, uh, look, I'm I'm going actually to January because, uh, there were some ads on in January because it was kind of in this pre-registration, but this was actually not the pre-registration, but actually UA because I mean, not the the the soft launch stuff was what was it Facebook only? I think it was FA. Oh, Tik Tok as well. And then you like these guys are running Facebook, YouTube, Tik Tok mostly. you need like devils in soft lunge and nowadays like I think there is a little bit of uploving but we'll see but at least &gt;&gt; street interviews there we go &gt;&gt; they're following trends and actually this is again like this concept was brought to you by raid rush &gt;&gt; no because they they started this uh street interviews but with actual weapons or just towers from the game like nobody else is doing so thank you very much &gt;&gt; but but yeah you like don't expect to go like too crazy. Uh cuz that's that's pretty much that's the craziest thing that you can you can see because now it's like Yeah. And the dancing and the that's actually there's a really nice music to it. &gt;&gt; So retro style creatives &gt;&gt; like the there's this like Tom and Jerry music like the or not the Tom and Jerry but the actual uh good old music from the from the what the Yeah, from the series. really trippy animations like this really animation. &gt;&gt; So, okay guys, these are like the some of the the &gt;&gt; Have you seen the ones where he actually plays the cartoon? &gt;&gt; Yeah. One sec. Oh, actually I was playing this this level recently. This one it was quite tough. Yeah. &gt;&gt; How do you think they came up with this? It's just like Do you think they just did a lot of mushrooms and it's like &gt;&gt; No, I think I think acid for sure. &gt;&gt; Weed or acid? &gt;&gt; 100%. Excuse me. What was the What was the What was the weed budget on Acecraft? &gt;&gt; man. But like you don't really need the weed budget. You just look at the old cartoons. They all look like this. Exactly. &gt;&gt; Yeah, maybe they absolutely. Yeah. So, like we have this kind of like it's all of kind of combination of gameplay and different elements, but you know, characters, the animations, like what else would you do, right? I was thinking if this wasn't done at least partially through AI because like you know you have the data set you have the IP rights you can just spit out these &gt;&gt; you have the IP IP rights and IP and AI doesn't really work that well &gt;&gt; why not you have you have the IP rights meaning you can do your own data model on it and like just spit out stuff &gt;&gt; you can do your own data model &gt;&gt; because you have the data set which means you have the own cartoons and everything or like they they will rent it to you or something and there you go. &gt;&gt; This is what you meant. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't even Yeah, because that's their own. See, there's their own kind of like Acecraft style characters in this art style and everything. So, could be the hottest bullet hell. There you go. Hello. I mean, I'm still kind of I'm not sure like what what should I think about this? This is going to be all of all of the IP and and the cartoons and this type this type of ads. But does it really work in West? Not really. I don't think so. &gt;&gt; Is it supposed to work in the West? The question is if they even care about the west. &gt;&gt; I don't think they care. But like this is pretty western IP. No, &gt;&gt; this is the western cartoons of 19. &gt;&gt; Tom Jerry was big Chinese. &gt;&gt; Sure. But like the like where is it? Where is the IP coming from? This is Warner Brothers. No &gt;&gt; Walt Disney. Warner Brothers no is not Walt Disney. Absolutely not. &gt;&gt; Walt Disney is Warner Brothers. &gt;&gt; What? &gt;&gt; Like this whole thing. That's also Walt Disney man. &gt;&gt; No. No. You can you can do the you can do the the background check and I can show you &gt;&gt; to the rescue &gt;&gt; to the rescue. Yeah, &gt;&gt; they Warner Brothers &gt;&gt; they Yeah, I saw I told you Warner Brothers &gt;&gt; Warner Brothers on Stoman and Jerry &gt;&gt; and most probably all the rest as well but I mean &gt;&gt; Warner Brothers Discovery now but still &gt;&gt; still I mean it doesn't matter. So okay well we are going to look into September but they are definitely scaling like hell on even uploading. I mean, there's kind of running basically every channel out there. &gt;&gt; Check Migle. &gt;&gt; cuz I have a feeling that Migral is maybe one of their biggest partners. &gt;&gt; I wouldn't say so, honestly. &gt;&gt; How many pages? &gt;&gt; One, definitely not. &gt;&gt; Definitely not. Yeah. Nice theory, but no. &gt;&gt; Nice theory. No. &gt;&gt; Let me check if they're playables. No, they're not playables, but yeah, it's two pages now. And yeah, so it's like this is pretty much it, man. I mean, &gt;&gt; show the one with the I'll show the one. Mate, give me the screen. &gt;&gt; Which one? I mean, there are there's there are plenty of these obviously, but &gt;&gt; this I think is the best one. &gt;&gt; Literally play. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. I saw Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Without anything, the music and everything. It's basically Jerry creat. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was I was watching this. Yeah. Yeah. I was watching this. &gt;&gt; So good. And then it goes into like the actual gameplay and it goes it goes back actually. No, you have the Spike versus Storm. No, &gt;&gt; no, because I saw another one somewhere &gt;&gt; Yeah, there's plenty of &gt;&gt; this one where it says like Yeah, this one. &gt;&gt; I think it's the same thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, this one. This one. This one. See? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I see. Yeah, I saw this. &gt;&gt; You're stupid. It's okay. &gt;&gt; I need to watching Tom and Jerry tonight before I go to bed. &gt;&gt; Very, very nice transitions. Let me just say that. Yeah, you can get Spike. Oh, wow. Didn't knew that. I guess there's another gacha coming in right after &gt;&gt; the gacha coming in. Yeah. All right. If you if you actually go to their like UA networks, it's just 17 networks. Not 17 but everything all come to iron source digital termine in uploading Facebook even unity now bangal tik tok or a line as well. Let's see the line. Yeah. Yeah. I mean for all the Japanese stuff. Yeah. like they're definitely going big budgets I would assume but I don't know like for how long because this yeah I mean all of like the Japan sure this definitely going to work uh China yes but US not really &gt;&gt; it's quite interesting like in in sense of portfolio context because mobile legends bank makes like revenue that we see here in sensor tower it's like half a mill a day basically jumping between 4 and 500k Okay. And this thing is already in the second spot like you know taking over all the other games basically. &gt;&gt; So &gt;&gt; yeah because it's just it just launched. &gt;&gt; Yeah it just launched. But the question is like if it holds up &gt;&gt; I don't think so. I don't think &gt;&gt; the problem here is No. No. The thing is that it won't holds up because the revenue profile of these games if there has Genshin style gacha is spikes. Meaning that &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. &gt;&gt; Everybody buys stom and Jerry goes down. spike or whoever comes into the gacha next spikes up again and goes down. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but he is those spikes needs to go needs to increase and go up. &gt;&gt; Yeah, increase or at least not decrease between. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean welcome to the arc of hope. Okay, &gt;&gt; but you know if if they can license do I think they already line up their own like know license schedule for like next &gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean there's plenty of childhood cartoons you know like you have everything from Flintstones to like It's not exactly the same art style. Flintstones is different. &gt;&gt; Okay. But and there's a lot of IP you can draw on that's the same as Tom and Jerry. Like kind of from that era. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Tell me which one. &gt;&gt; You need something like Tom and Jerry. &gt;&gt; What's that called with the future family? I keep forgetting what it's called. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I know. But &gt;&gt; yeah, Jetson. Yeah. &gt;&gt; It's not the same size, I guess. &gt;&gt; It's not the same. It's not the same. &gt;&gt; It's not the same, but it's like &gt;&gt; but everyone knows the Flintston. &gt;&gt; They can do Roadrunner, for instance. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's similar. Yeah, they can do and and Tweety &gt;&gt; Looney Tunes basically. &gt;&gt; Yeah, the whole Looney Tunes portfolio they can do. &gt;&gt; Papey. &gt;&gt; Oh, Papey. Definitely. Yeah. That fits well. Yeah, that fits well. &gt;&gt; Also, also Woody Woodpecker and like all these other like Yeah. Pretty old shows that fits the art style. &gt;&gt; Let's see if they're safe. They're pretty safe like regarding the the lineup. &gt;&gt; Also Goofy and all these other things. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. Fair. I'm not Yeah, I'm not worried about them. I'm definitely not worried. Ah yeah. Okay. So it's not going to do that well in in west I guess but it's going to do quite well in China and Asia because of the IP and everything. Okay. I mean &gt;&gt; quite interesting that like western IP is not going to do well in the west but very good in the east. &gt;&gt; Is yeah that's nothing makes sense. Yeah. I mean it does because the game is made for Asian audience but the art style is from west because Asian audience love this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and the game needs to be suitable for Asian audience. If if it's like too easy nobody would play it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. System design wise for me it's like literally 9.9 out of 10. You literally upgraded Abiga a lot more dependent shown like combined a lot of these systems for like Mihoyo and the casual collective albums. &gt;&gt; Yeah, social systems really good. Finally, &gt;&gt; finally the social system is great. &gt;&gt; This is how social system should look like. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm I'm kind of surprised I well not surprised I didn't look it up that much. the trade is if it's exactly the trade that is in like monopoly go maybe that yeah that will be way more helpful for the organics &gt;&gt; because it's created external groups &gt;&gt; exactly exactly yeah all those hype exactly &gt;&gt; monopoly official trading group or the main group on Facebook is 9.2 two million people just to one &gt;&gt; just to one. Yeah, exactly. That's exactly so &gt;&gt; and each casual game has this kind of giant Facebook trading group. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I know. I know. Ready had like a massive groups. &gt;&gt; Again, it's different audience just you know that's my granny's my granny's there. Anyway, I think that's that's pretty much it. So, thank you very much for coming uh and staying with us until the very end of the episode because it was a long one but a very interesting one and I still yeah very deep catch. Thank you very much guys. Join the Slack channel. Comment under the video and share your thoughts and uh &gt;&gt; yeah go for some Tom and Jerry. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Say goodbye to your wallet. See you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. See you next time. Bye-bye. Heat. [Music]
