---
ticker: FIGMA
type: youtube
title: "Figma Stock: From IPO Darling to 80% Down"
channel: "Incremental Gains"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avQAVib4H7g
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 25966
---

# Figma Stock: From IPO Darling to 80% Down

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Incremental Gains
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avQAVib4H7g

## 转录全文

Hey everyone, Figma just reported the earnings a few days ago, and the stock was actually up after I was around 18% or so, but it's also given back a lot of those gains when the market opened the next day, and it's been a crazy market. However, I still think there's a lot we can dig into here to see whether or not this is going to be a potentially good investment. And if you're new to the channel, the format of our videos has usually been that we do deep dives on each company. But in order to cover as much ground as possible, I thought I'm going to be doing shorter versions of those deep dives instead. Let's call them mini dives. and we're going to try to understand Figma, the business, going over what is Figma, what their core products are, what the value proposition is, and the guidance, and a lot of other important things you should know about. And just for full disclosure, I did take a position in Figma right after I did the AI winners video. And this is part of my invest investigate process. So hopefully today you're going to be joining me to understand whether or not I should be adding, selling, or keeping my position the same. All right, so before we go any deeper, let's just rewind a little bit. Figma IPOed on July 31st of last year and there was definitely a lot of hype and buzz around it and you could definitely say it was oversubscribed. The IPO price was set for $33, but it was never likely to stay at that price because only 9% of the total shares outstanding were available to the public markets. So when you have a stock that is oversubscribed and overhyped and there's a low amount of shares available for trading, that creates a supply and demand squeeze. The stock on its first day of trading popped all the way up to $115 and reached an all-time high of $142 and that meant a market cap of $68 billion. However, as you might expect, with such euphoria, the business fundamentals really couldn't keep up with the stock price. And eventually, over a period of the next 6 to 7 months, the stock is almost down 80% from its all-time highs and now it's trading at a range of 26 to $28 with a market cap of around 12 to$13 billion. At its core, Figma is a softwarebased design tool, and it sits in the same category as Photoshop, Illustrator, or Adobe XD, and it's used to design mobile apps or websites, and that usually happens before any developer writes a single line of code. But that description alone doesn't really capture what Figma really does. The real unlock was that it moved the entire design process from a siloed desktop software activity into the browser and into the cloud from day one. You see, traditionally, a designer would create something and save it as a file, export it, send it to the developer, and then get feedback over Slack or email, and try to manage different versions across a email chain or thread. And it worked, but it was definitely messy. Figma removed a lot of that friction so that everything lives in one shared workspace. Designers, product managers, and developers can all work in the same file in real time. You can start with a rough wireframe. Think of this as a blueprint for a house that you can evolve into highfidelity design. Turn it into clickable prototypes, get comments directly on the canvas and then hand it off to engineering all without leaving the platform. And Figma's core product is Figma design which they started with in 2015. And this is what gave them their initial foothold into the cloudnative design platform that they have now. And this also acts as a shared library, meaning that companies can store reusable elements like brand and themes and other assets to stay consistent across all their media platforms. And since then, they've rolled out a whole host of products to create a robust product suite. And their next key product release was Fig Jam, which you can see here they released in 2021. This is actually a visual that created just to highlight the amount of products they've been releasing and their cadence of release over time. And you can see that there has been really no break. And they've released another product in 2023 which we're going to cover as well. But just to touch on Fig Jam a little bit more, you can think of Fig Jam as their mood board or digital whiteboard where you can kind of start brainstorming ideas, mapping out what you want to do, and do some rough sketches and have a little bit more back and forth with other people or collaborators. And interestingly, this is being used not just by designers, but by product managers, engineers, and even executives. So someone can just jump in like let's say a product manager can come in look at the designs from the designer and leave a comment draw some arrows and then that is more actionable for the designer to see exactly what needs to be done rather than have someone look at a print out for example and then in 2023 they pushed further into the developer side of the workflow with the release of their dev mod product. Now this is essentially a dedicated view they built specifically for engineers. Instead of just looking at the design and guessing how to code it, developers can work directly inside of design. And it made the handoff from design to engineering much cleaner. And this is also where it gets interesting financially. Before devod, most developers were just viewers. They could open the file, look at it, and maybe leave a comment. With dev seats, Figma started charging for that developer access. So now you're not just monetizing designers, you're monetizing engineers as well. So essentially, they've increased their existing customer spend without increasing the amount of customers that they have. And interestingly, ever since they launched dev seats, these now make up 30% of all seats that the users that they have on the platform. Now, 2025 was a crazy year for Figma. They've gone from three products to a total of eight products. The core is still Figma Design, Fig Jam, and Devmod, but they've added several new bets. Figma Slides, for example, is their move into presentations, and effectively they're competing with tools like Google Slides and emerging startups like Gamma, which if you might have heard about, they're actually doing pretty well. Figma sites also pushes them into the no code and low code website publishing space, but that's a very competitive area that I'm really not sure about because there's already a lot of strong players like Lovable and Replet and a whole host of other companies. If you're interested in that video describing the competitive landscape for AI coding, I'll leave a link for that also in the description. Then you have Figma, which is their AIdriven prompt to prototype tool. They're partnering with Anthropic here, and the idea is that they're moving more fluidly between design and code. You can generate interfaces from text prompts and increasingly move your assets back and forth between Figma and cloud code. It's still early, but this seems to be generating real interest, especially from non-designers who are experimenting with it as well. And Figma has shared a stat to say that 60% of all files created with Figma make have been done by non-designers. And another interesting fact is that you have 76% of Figma customers using two or more of their products. And I don't think they're stopping there as well. There's a whole host of other products that they're working on to release soon. So clearly the ambition levels are quite high and they are definitely putting their money to work because if you were not aware Adobe tried to acquire Figma at some point in 2024 I believe but the deal was basically blocked by the European Commission or some other entity like that. But the result of that acquisition or failure of it actually was that Figma walked away with roughly $1 billion in termination fees which gave them a pretty strong balance sheet to work with. And in 2025 they made around I think five acquisitions. The biggest of which was for Weevi which they acquired for $200 million to bring more advanced AI workflows and modeling inside of Figma and they renamed this to Figma. All right, so all these tools are great but what we really need to do is just zoom out and ask what is the key value proposition here or set another way what are the customers getting out of this? Number one is it's all about real-time collaboration consolidating all previous tools that developers and designers were using into one product. And the second less obvious benefit of using Figma is going to be price. Basically, because when you consolidate all your multiple tools by multiple vendors into one product, you ultimately reduce your costs overall. All right, so we touched on their products, but who is actually using these products? Who are their key customers? Figma states that their products are adopted by 95% of the Forbes 500 and 78% of the global 2000. So, it's definitely an enterprise product. And based on their S1 filing, which is what companies published prior to the IPO, I believe they had 13 million monthly active users. And with their latest earnings report, they published the breakdown of these paid customers. They had around 14,000 customers paying $10,000 or more and around 1,400 customers paying $100,000 or more. And a smaller group of about 70 customers paying over $1 million per year. Now, here's where it gets interesting. The $1 million cohort grew by 68% yearonear. and the $100,000 cohort grew by 46% year-onear while the $10,000 cohort grew just 27% yearonear. So the strongest growth is happening at the very top end. So clearly the product is working very well at the enterprise level. However, I think this is also part of their strategy because a lot of these large customers are located within the United States and it's relatively a lowhanging fruit for them. But eventually they will have to migrate to the lower cohorts once they saturate the enterprise level. And this is something we'll have to watch whether or not they're able to successfully do. Another interesting angle here is their geographic exposure. For a relatively recent IPO, only about 15% of their users are based in the United States. The majority of their user base is actually international, but revenue tells a slightly different story. The US still accounts for roughly 47% of total revenue, while international markets make up the remaining 53%. So to put it another way, the revenue per user in the United States is so much higher than it is internationally and there's a lot more room to grow this monetization across the world and that looks like might start changing fairly soon as they've just launched a new headquarters in India which is one of the fastest growing hubs for software development globally. All right, so now we can start to peel back the onion a bit further. What are the key performance indicators we really need to watch out for here? They've just reported their fiscal year earnings of for 2025 and they recorded roughly $1 billion in annual revenue and on a quarterly basis it was $34 million in revenue. And the key thing here is that when you look at their quarterly revenue it actually accelerated 40% year-on-year and that puts them firmly in the top desile for SAS businesses at this scale. Another useful metric to look at is going to be deferred revenue. And the reason this is important for software businesses or SAS type businesses is the nature of the subscriptionbased model and the contract length that they have. Now, deferred revenue is essentially cash the company has already collected for services it hasn't yet delivered. So, from an accounting standpoint, it's considered unearned revenue. For example, if a customer signs a 5-year contract worth $100 million and pays upfront, Figma can't recognize all that $100 million all in year 1. Instead, they have to split it across the five years, recognizing $20 million each year, for example. So now when deferred revenue grows faster than the actual revenue, it usually reflects a strong billing momentum and improving forward visibility for the company. But if that growth starts to slow in d terms of the deferred revenue, it can signal potentially that they're having a softening in demand. And for Figma, the deferred revenue growth is very similar to their actual total revenue growth. So we don't have anything to worry about just yet. And another one of the more important metrics for SAS businesses is going to be net dollar retention. This tells you how much more or less your existing customers are spending with you compared to last year. In Figma's case, their net dollar retention is sitting at a very healthy 132%. And what does this mean? Well, it tells you that for every $100 a customer spent with you last year, they're now spending $132. And that obviously tells you that growth is not just coming from your new customers, but your existing customers as well. And on top of that, their gross retention rate is around 97%. What that means is that they're keeping around 97% of the revenue from their existing customer base year. And if we do the math, you start with $100 from a group of customers. You might lose around $3 to churn or downgrades, leaving you with $97. But then through the upsells, additional seats, or new product adoption, they spend $35, leaving you with a total of $132 or the $132% net dollar retention. And that's what we talked about earlier. So what's interesting here is that they're not just having a high net dollar retention. It's also accelerating. So they're definitely able to sell more seats or more products to their existing customer base because maybe they're adopting more AI based products. And so far nothing seems to be stopping here for this business. It's accelerating and it's expanding. Another catalyst for this expansion is that on the 18th of March of this year, they're going to adopt a usagebased model for the AI texttop services. For example, in Figma make currently people are using a lot of these products for free. So now you'll have the dual engine of the seatbased model and the AI usage based model. And this isn't just a maybe use case. People are actually using Figma make almost routinely now within their workflow. However, there also seems to be some push back regarding Figma's aggressive monetization. Some customers and users across Reddit are frustrated with this. But to be honest, I'm not too worried about it because from my own personal observations, I've just noticed that people complain a lot, but they do little about it, especially regarding things like social media platforms. There's talk about boycotting this, but generally people are faithful to the products they use because they are best-in-class. Another very common metric in SAS is the rule of 40. And if you're not familiar with it, it's basically a simple framework investors use to balance growth and profitability. You take the company's revenue growth rate and add it to its margin. And typically that's the operating margin or free cash flow margin. And the idea is that a healthy SAS business should score 40% or higher. And for Figma, when you combine those two metrics, they score just above 40%. Now, let's move on to looking at the financial statements. And for a company like Figma, we'd usually look at the gross margins and operating margins. But for a company like this, it's not going to be that straightforward. And the reason that it's a little bit more tricky is because they have a meaningful amount of stockbased compensation. This essentially means that they're paying their employees in company shares and it's a real cost because it dilutes us the shareholders even though accountants treat it as a non-cash expense. And depending on where it's located on the income statement, it can actually reduce both the operating margin and gross margin. And that's why you have a lot of companies reporting their non-GAAP margins or adjusted margins because it just looks a lot prettier that way. But it's not all bad. Depending on what they adjust for, these numbers might help you understand how the core business is performing. But the gap numbers reflect the true economic cost, including dilution. So when analyzing a company like Figma, you really need to look at both. Understand the gap numbers and the non-GAAP numbers. And currently, Figma's gap operating margin has been hovering between 17% and minus 415% over the last four quarters. And I expect this volatility to continue. So let me explain why. As I mentioned earlier, Figma did about $1 billion in revenue for the full financial year, and they reported $1.3 billion in stock-based compensation for 2025. Most of that stock-based compensation came from the IPO triggered restricted stock units or RSUs. You see, for years, Figma had been granting RSUs to employees. And these are by definition restricted based on certain conditions, such as a period of employment, let's say 3 to four years, or an exit liquidity condition. In Figma's case, that liquidity condition was finally met through the IPO, and Figma recognized around $975 million of a one-time SBC expense tied to the trigger of the RSU release. The good news, though, is that this portion should largely be a non-recurring expense. However, there are going to be some ongoing costs related to stockbased compensation that are more recurring in nature. We can do some quick back of the napkin math and say that because there was $1.3 billion in SBC expense and $975 million of that was considered a one-time expense. Then roughly between 300 to 400 million will be on a recurring basis. And this is largely related to further RSU awards and ongoing CEO equity awards for Dylan Field. But there's another thing that doesn't get highlighted nearly enough because usually tech stocks are on the up and up. You see, collapsing tech stock prices have a compounding negative effect on existing shareholders mainly because of the large amounts of SBC and the RSU compensation is tied to the dollar amounts. So if the stock price continues to fall to lower levels, then companies are going to have to issue more and more units or shares to employees to compensate for that falling stock price. And this would really compound the effects of dilation on existing shareholders for this company. Another thing to bear in mind that might have a similar effect to the stockbased compensation is the insider selling especially from the VC funds. Early investors and VCs currently own around 40% of shares outstanding with the founder and seuite team owning around 20% roughly. One other interesting fact is the lockup period for the early investors is expiring in a stacked faction and the last batch of these lockups will be expiring in August 2026 meaning 245 million shares out of total 514 will be available for trading. So we can expect even more downward pressure on the stock price not only in relation to the continued dilution but also early investors selling their shares over the next year or two. And it will take a long time for us to see the public flow of the business go from 9% to around 50%. And I'm currently estimating that the public float right now is around 15 to 25% based on the insider selling that I've seen. All right, so I hope that covers the stockbased compensation part. That was quite lengthy, but just to cover the rest of the financials. This business is flushed with cash with $2 billion roughly and overall the balance sheet is fairly healthy and the company has zero long-term debt. Okay, so we've got a little bit of background on the numbers, but let's take a look at the bigger picture and look at who some of their competitors are and what their market share is amongst them. When we talk about Figma's position, we're primarily talking about UI and UX design market, meaning tools used to design websites and mobile apps. And the recent data and some of the numbers floating around suggest that Figma has around 70% market share in UI design tools. So, who makes up the remaining 30%. Well, the obvious competitor is Adobe primarily through their Adobe XD product, but Adobe has effectively put that into maintenance, and it's basically admitting defeat. They just can't compete directly with Figma on this. And that's part of the reason why they attempted to acquire Figma for $20 billion. But make no mistake, Adobe still dominates broader creative tooling like Photoshop, Illustrator, and After Effects. But in a more collaborative UI design system, Figma clearly has the dominant market share. You also have more casual software tools like Canva who mainly target smaller businesses. And as far as what the runway for the growth for this business is going to look like in the future, we could try to forecast what the revenue is going to be based on the market size. But I think a much simpler way to look at this is to compare it to Adobe because that is a much more real measure of comparative growth. And Adobe currently has revenue of around $23 billion, roughly 23 times the amount Figma has. and they're sitting at $105 billion in market cap which has been decimated from or I think it was around 200 billion. Now of course they have a lot more products and they have a lot more history and they built long lasting relationships with their customers over many years but there's a clear overlap between Figma's users and Adobe's users and if Figma continues expanding its product suite at its current pace it could increasingly move into Adobe's territory. So for me, there's certainly a path for them to get from $1 billion in revenue to $5 billion in revenue over the next 5 to 7 years. And given the pace of R&amp;D spending, which is around 94% of their current revenue, it seems that they're going to be expanding their product suite considerably and hopefully monetizing their existing customers and new customers over the next several years. So now let's quickly cover the management and the culture. And I'm not going to go too deep on this, but I think it's useful to know that Dylan Field founded this business at 19 years old after leaving Brown University on a Theel fellowship. And if you weren't aware, Peter Theel's fellowships are worldrenowned, and a lot of people consider them better than going to actual university. And I personally listened to Dylan talk a few times on podcasts, and he really comes across as very articulate and intelligent, similar to maybe Mark Zuckerberg. The company also has two classes of shares and Dylan Fields has the majority voting power with his 15 to1 class B shares. This has basically now become common practice amongst founder tech companies and he's also the chairman and CEO of this business. So if you had some concerns about governance at this stage, I think you would have to throw them out the window if you were to consider this an investment. The board basically consists of their early investors and VC partners as well as the token CEO of HubSpot. Now, the hope is that these VC funds are thinking with long-term investments in mind, and they're not going to be looking to try to pump up the stock price as high as possible for them to sell their shares into in the shortest period of time. And as far as valuation, we're not going to go too deep here, but we're just going to look at the relative valuation for this business. So, at the current price of approximately $26, Figma's enterprise value is roughly 11 billion, meaning that their EV to sales multiple is also 11 times. And for a company that's asset light growing at 30 to 40% with a high teen free cash flow margin, it's definitely more attractive than it was a few months ago. And I've also done a quick and dirty DCF to value this business using terminal value and exit multiples. And I can see a path towards some really attractive returns at these levels if the growth rates do continue. And the stock was definitely more attractive at $21. But even at $26, I think this is a really good entry point for a good return on investment potentially. But this is a business you really need to watch closely how they're executing quarter over quarter and especially given the SBC and early investor dynamics we spoke about earlier. So let's wrap things up now and talk about some of the key points. Right now AI fears have gripped the markets and it's spread across the entire software sector. Everything is on sale and in many cases the market is throwing out the baby with the bathwater and people are stuck debating whether AI will increase productivity and therefore reduce the number of seats businesses will require and therefore this is going to hurt Figma's bottom line. And I think that really misses the point because AI will definitely increase productivity, but it also dramatically lowers the barriers to entry. And for Figma, that's actually a good thing. Now, through these large language models, anyone can start to code. And through Figma's platform, almost anyone can participate in design. This synergistic combination means that we're going to be seeing so many more apps and websites being launched faster than before that I think investors will be totally blindsided by the size of this market. And the beautiful thing is that Figma does not need to worry about the seatbased model that they're running because they're also simultaneously running their AI credit usage based model. So it'll become more like an adjunct than a like forl like replacement to their existing system. So that's everything from me today. And please do let me know what you guys think of Figma, the business or the stock. And if you did enjoy this, please drop a like and leave a comment and subscribe because there's going to be a lot more content like this. And if you're interested in a sneak peek of what some of the software stocks I might be covering, you can watch my AI winners video somewhere around here or here.
