---
ticker: FIGMA
type: youtube
title: "Figma's Dylan Field on the Future of Design | Ep. 31"
channel: "Uncapped with Jack Altman"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPoH3WuqgPQ
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 60934
---

# Figma's Dylan Field on the Future of Design | Ep. 31

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Uncapped with Jack Altman
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPoH3WuqgPQ

## 转录全文

We're going to get to a world, we're already kind of there, where good enough is not enough. Good enough is going to be mediocre [clears throat] &gt;&gt; and you're going to need to differentiate through design, through craft, through point of view, through brand, through storytelling [music] and marketing. And I think uh the people that internalize that now, they're going to [music] be winners. &gt;&gt; Y &gt;&gt; that's my point of view is that this is what's going to matter at the top of the stack. And if you don't internalize it now, like you got an issue. &gt;&gt; Dylan, it's a pleasure to have you here. Thanks for doing this. &gt;&gt; Jack, thank you. Okay, I want to start by teeing up a contrast between Figma in the early days, which was like a multi-year long build before you kind of got things going, and then the state of the world today where like AI startups are racing out of the gates and there's tons of competition and everything's frenetic. &gt;&gt; 13 years in &gt;&gt; 13 years and uh it's it's a little different now, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you started in 2012. &gt;&gt; Mhm. August 2012 was our official start. And then you got really kind of off to the races when like four or five years later. &gt;&gt; Closed beta was launched December 2015. Uh GA October 2016. Didn't start charging until summer 2017. &gt;&gt; Jeez. &gt;&gt; Same day as our CFO. Now CFO started. Fun fact. &gt;&gt; CFO started the day you started charging. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He was like a bisops guy then, but now a CFO. &gt;&gt; Okay. So you had this 5year period &gt;&gt; and I guess when you look back on it you could you could either sort of I imagine feel like that was a little too long. We should have launching don't do that. &gt;&gt; But on the other hand you built some hard stuff like you put like you know an a design product in the browser when people had never done it. You made like collaboration which you know I've read is very was a very difficult task and that had advantages too. So, how do you sort of make sense looking back now in sort of the fullness of time on that 5year period? Yeah, I think definitely there were ways we could have speedrun it. uh hiring faster, noticing that we had product market pull and that folks were like literally begging us to go do things, you know, when we got very long docs from people saying I was so inspired by our last night together when we went through this very long user test where the everything was not performant and it was, &gt;&gt; you know, the tool was in terrible shape, but they followed up the next morning with like, you know, 13 14 page doc and it was like, here's all the stuff that I want you to build. I probably should have known that maybe people like cared and wanted this thing. Um, but you know, I was also nervous. I kind of took the road map feedback and I was like, "Oh man, it's gonna take forever to do all this stuff." In reality, I should have hired faster. Uh, I think we had the resources to do it. I was just a little trepidacious. But beyond that, I think um, yeah, there was a lot of stuff to build and there were certain things we could have not done that we like later pulled out. you know, we had Evan, my co-founder, um, loves sort of thinking about crossplatform stuff, compilation and, uh, general program language theory. And so, he made like a way to do a crossplatform targeting uh, to not just web, but also as a backup in case something didn't work out, you know, desktop. And at some point, it was like, yeah, this is all stuff we can rip out. We can move way faster without doing this. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, there's things that we could have done to speed it up, but not that much. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, there is this category of product. I think about like air tables maybe another example where I think it's like a hard product to build. I think like email is classically just like you can't you just like can't ship a quick v1 that people will use. So maybe there's some element of that that you had. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think also is like even after we launched in G we kept adding new features and every time we did or almost every time we would see just that retention would go up. Mhm. &gt;&gt; And so, uh, it's also interesting, you know, there was folks in the beginning that were, uh, very minimalist and they liked the minimalism of the tool and we started adding everything people needed for their workflows and they're like, can we have the old Figma back, please? Uh, so you always have to find that balance between adding and complexity and then simplicity, approachability, but also you got to make sure it's powerful. &gt;&gt; Did you have the sense when you were in those early innings that anything you built worked? In other words, like were you like all of our ideas that we seem to build, they all make the product better? Like were you sort of like um were you having to make hard calls between A, B, and C and one was going to be good and one was going to be bad or was it just all of these improvements were good cuz it was such strong product pull and it was just like the faster you built the better. &gt;&gt; Once we got out and once we had people using it, uh we kind of separated the work streams into two. So one was the blockers workstream whereas like these are things that are literally blocking people from adopting. We know this for a fact. What's the priorization and rank order of you know which ones we remove first? And there's kind of like differentiators. We didn't call it that but it was one project at a time mostly. These are things like design systems and the ability to share uh a components in a file across your entire team you know and uh we have to do both. We really had to go evolve the state of the world but also make it so that more people could try the thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. When you think about that sort of experience and then you look around at AI tools now and you know there was like a bit going around recently of an investor talking about how you got to get to you know a couple million of ARR in no time and you know it's like a bit that you hear a lot and a lot of I think founders feel self-conscious if they're not going one to &gt;&gt; 10 million in like a month or something. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And there's like a lot of that and I think then you know investors I think are you know kind of helping probably perpetuate it because the next you know round of investors are going to think about the same thing and you know it's like very very different than the way Figma got started and I'm just curious how you make sense of seeing that around you since you came up through one of the like slow build type of startups. Yeah. And again, don't recommend slow build either, but I think first of all, if we had today's tools, like if I had Figma make today or prompt a app tool, &gt;&gt; build a lot faster. &gt;&gt; Yeah, probably could build a lot faster. Um, &gt;&gt; but I also think that um maybe my hot take here is that &gt;&gt; uh there's a lot of really awesome companies right now that are not like really AI companies. And so, first of all, I think if you're looking at only AI stuff, you're just missing a lot. It's like actually there's some gems there. For example, recently, you know, did investments in companies like Ambrook. Ambrook's an amazing company trying to help farmers with their financial situation and like figure out how to make it so that they can do taxes better and deal with all the compliance and forms that come along with it. Um, and I think that they have a real opportunity uh in front of them. Another company I invested in uh Orura Deming, her uh company is called Until Labs and they're a whole body reversible cryogenics company. Uh that's their moonshot goal. But along the way, you know, there's a real problem to solve. Uh where organs, you might have an organ [snorts] come available, but you have a very limited time window to get it to a recipient. And if you're able to uh basically use that same tech to be able to vitrify the organ and then uh reworm it at destination, then you have a longer period of time to go make that match and that could save a ton of lives. uh especially combined with new new emerging technologies and uh you know it's like yeah neither of them are really AI companies but like they're great businesses and I am strongly convicted. It's interesting when you have these like um trends as strong as AI now maybe crypto some number of years ago you know obviously there's others &gt;&gt; there's probably a dynamic where there becomes such a strong gold rush to that thing that the people who are not working on that thing are missionaries at a much higher rate also and that's probably also the flip side trap is in the gold rush there's a lot of people who are going to be you know very missionary about it but there's also a lot of people who are hey I can go 0 to 10 next month so &gt;&gt; well I I think the other thing that's interesting is that AI closes gaps and so um because it closes gaps and makes it so you can do things that might otherwise take like a very long time in a short amount of time uh it also expands markets and so I think that's pro probably implicit [snorts] to the assumptions here &gt;&gt; is that uh there's low hanging fruit all over &gt;&gt; if we're able to identify these companies that are growing so fast we're also identifying the big markets people haven't tapped yet And I I think that um that might be true. It's certainly gonna be true for some companies, but also there's, you know, uh a dynamic where yeah, probably some of the companies that go straight up go straight down. Uh and it's a question of when &gt;&gt; and then there will be some amazing winners. I mean, you know, of course, &gt;&gt; uh but also it's it's just like this default of yeah, okay, if the why now is AI, uh you know, it's the same why now as kind of like everyone else's why now, &gt;&gt; right? And you know, if your [snorts] pure strategy is like it's a gold rush, I'm gonna get there fastest, then you have to be charging incredibly hard. Y &gt;&gt; and you have to be strategic. And I think uh &gt;&gt; you know, &gt;&gt; first of all, you have to know if that you got that in you. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh cuz not everyone does. &gt;&gt; Totally. &gt;&gt; You know, 996 97 whatever it is &gt;&gt; that people need to sign up for. &gt;&gt; Totally. Um, &gt;&gt; it's also besides the hours, it's also a set of business decisions that look a certain way. They look very different than the way you built Figma, for example. &gt;&gt; For sure. And, uh, I think also it's it's like, okay, um, is this something that you think is long-term defensible? Like, is there any reason for you to believe that? &gt;&gt; But also at the same time, if you get there first, it's often the case you can just kind of go [snorts] all sorts of interesting places. So it's it's uh you know all these companies it's very hard to puzzle through what will happen and I think that's like leading to the climate we're in where uh folks are just racing towards the opportunities and then &gt;&gt; they get there and uh people are lining up to go back them at very large valuations where we're seeing these mega seed deals before people even launch anything and that's not a judgment on whatever is going on right now because some of them will be amazing companies it's just a description of where we're at. Do you ever I'm curious. Do you ever think about um like imagining building a company sort of like in the opposite ethos of the way you built Figma and think about it and say like ah that actually sounds kind of fun. Like does it sound fun to you or tiring to you to do like a very hard charging, you know, just like go for a really aggressive raise a ton, hire a ton, burn a ton, take a market, which is very different than, you know, you obviously built this like super profitable, you know, high sort of, you know, focused company. I mean basically uh the first part of that the hard charging part um is what we are doing at Figma. Uh I think that the team is working incredibly hard right now myself included and uh we see massive opportunity in front of us. Figma make is one example. Um that's an industry where you know there's a lot of different players. We think we have a differentiated approach where you can go from Figma design pull context in into Figma make use that to create a better designed application uh and then also go back to Figma design tweak and eventually it'll be you know hopefully a round trip two sides the same coin &gt;&gt; y &gt;&gt; and you'll be able to uh do we've talked about this a little bit publicly but be able to do more workflows assistant uh type things in Figma design where you can prompt there too &gt;&gt; uh and just in general like so excited about making it so that more people can create these designs that are consistent with their overall brand language, their design system um and get their ideas out there because if like you scribble something on a napkin, it will not be treated seriously as if it looks, you know, the same as your usual UI. &gt;&gt; Doesn't mean you don't need a designer. uh we're going to get to a world we're already kind of there where good enough be mediocre brand, through storytelling and to be winners. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; That's my point of view is that this is what's going to matter, the stuff at the top of the stack. And if you don't internalize it now, like you got an issue. &gt;&gt; This was one of the topics I wanted to ask you about is as far as you can see, I don't even know how many years that is today, but as far as you can see, do you think that the role of the human designer will flip somehow from maker to editor or something different like that? or does it become you know only focus you know people on the most creative most pivotal flourishes or you know most important integral parts of the pro like where does this go you know if you look out as far as you're able to look out &gt;&gt; I think um first of all I think it's I've been kind of in this place of uh maybe the roles are all merging together and I was saying that before even AI was the topic. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you were &gt;&gt; uh you know even 10 years ago, 5 years ago has been something I've been kind of noticing just slow progression towards &gt;&gt; uh and now I feel like everyone &gt;&gt; being sort of oh PM, engineer, designer, researcher, you know, the sort of typical roles you find in the product design development process. &gt;&gt; And I I think that um if you look at sort of like the general pull of AI, &gt;&gt; it makes everyone feel like they should be more generalist to keep up. Mhm. &gt;&gt; And then also if you look at the way that things are actually playing out, I think it's less roles merging because the roles are still there, but it's the responsibilities. It's the things that people are doing every day. Those are starting to get more murky. It's like everyone has their specialization, but then they also have uh increased ability to have impact elsewhere outside their specialization. So now it's like okay as a designer like I'll go commit some code or as a product manager I should go actually make a prototype of my idea rather than just a PRD. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean obviously you've always had like full stack product builders at like a startup and like you know the co-founder CTO has always done all of that for since as long as software's been going. &gt;&gt; Well, but oftentimes they go work with a product manager designer. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And all of them just uh are doing it all. &gt;&gt; Totally. And I think though that now we're in a place where you should be hiring a designer right away. Came back to your question around what's the future of the designer role. Uh I think design is like kind of everything going forward. If you think of that as the top of the value stack and you think about all the things that can impact design and all the things you're trying to pull in. You're thinking about the business logic. You're thinking about the user problems. Uh you're trying to get to the hard user problems like what is it they really want? um trying to think about the system and how it shows up in all these different places. Y &gt;&gt; the brand, the way that you're able to incorporate culture, the affordances you want to use, the style that you want to go with, but also the structure and all these decisions um are at the root of how you'll win or lose as a business. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And there there's good AI tooling around a lot of what you just said. I mean even like getting user feedback you know used to be and you know to some extent still is but it used to be like the way you had to do it was like go schedule 130 minute calls and now you can do it other ways. &gt;&gt; And so it's like you think about a designer and they're able to get feedback scalably. They're probably able to like make at least good enough versions of designs that they can start playing with. They could probably start to get something into production like all from sort of like a cockpit. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm not saying that like in the next year or two years um that designer will then be able to scale the company as one person. Y &gt;&gt; I I actually think uh engineers are more needed than ever to be able to architect systems properly to think through uh what is the right way to go and figure out uh how you should structure everything because if you just let these agents run right now &gt;&gt; uh you're going to have a mess and that's where we see security vulnerabilities and we see hacks going on and each data leaking and we see you know companies that start to scale and they break. Do you think this is like a moment in time issue or do you think that this is like a perpetual issue? &gt;&gt; Um, I think it's for sure the issue right now and I would expect it's an issue for a while longer and I think the developer will still be in that outer loop even as these models improve &gt;&gt; uh as will researchers. Like it's kind of an interesting question for math as well. like uh I I think math is probably underappreciated as one of the most deterministic areas where RL should shine the most like even more so than code. Uh and it should be the case that like I don't know how much it costs but we have a ASI mathematician. Does that mean that mathematicians are out of a job? No, I don't think so. I think that the mathematicians will be prompting and reasoning through things and working with that ASI and they're kind of going to be almost fishermen trying to fish for the theorems, the proofs. &gt;&gt; Do you think that we are I think what you're describing is there's a future where we have potentially even more designers and engineers than we have now, but they're just much more productive. &gt;&gt; I think much more productive, but let's be clear about productivity. In the engineering context, productivity is building something well. &gt;&gt; Mhm. In the design context, it might be that it is just further exploration of the option space sometimes because I think right now oftent times you're constrained by timeline. You can only explore so much, you might not be getting to the best solution. If you can explore even further, look at more options. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And figure out how those actually will work out in the decision tree. Then from there you can figure out okay here's the option I want to go with and then go even deeper and [clears throat] you can actually go and apply even more craft to that option. And I think that design is inherently nondeterministic unlike math and so the role of AI and how it shows up in design will be very different than the more deterministic loops like code and math. Do you buy the argument that we'll have like lots of small companies with a billion of revenue or do you think that um instead what will happen is the level of competition is just going to rise and companies will be about the same size but the software is just going to be like way sicker &gt;&gt; you know I I think that there's already companies that are smaller than you would expect with large runs of revenue and then the question is how much will they scale before they just totally break and I think we're going to find out. Uh I'm sure that you and I both have mutual friends that are are in the situation and you know I I uh talked to these founders and they're proud of like how much they've accomplished with so few people. It's like oh my god I got to this revenue mile and it's like quite huge and I've got like 10 people. It's amazing. Wow. And they get all this positive reinforcement but then they also say you talk to them a little bit longer. I'm really trying to hire. You got any referrals for me? Yeah. because like they are desperate for more people to go help with all the problems they now have at scale. &gt;&gt; And so I I I don't know um if it's true that like team sizes will decrease a lot. &gt;&gt; Uh there's a lot of problems to deal with. You know, yes, AI makes some roles more efficient, not all roles. &gt;&gt; And uh as AI improves, we'll get more efficiencies, but there also is just more work to be done. &gt;&gt; Totally. I mean to that point it's like if the engineers get much more productive because of codegen it's like well you're going to start building a lot more product &gt;&gt; you need a lot &gt;&gt; and testing a lot more product too &gt;&gt; probably need more designers &gt;&gt; so I do think it all kind of plays that way &gt;&gt; and I think the competition aspect is uh really important if you have more software in the world &gt;&gt; and we've had this exponential curve so far &gt;&gt; that's the part I've never understood it's like company A is like doing the same with less now but then company B is like well I'll just do more with the same &gt;&gt; and we'll win. I see it as uh for Figma, I mean, we just went through headcount planning. You know, it didn't really cross my mind to go, hey, let's reduce headcount or let's keep headcount flat. It's like, we got so much we want to do. We have so many ideas. Let's increase headcount. Let's go hire people that are great and let's go do a lot of stuff, amazing stuff for our users. &gt;&gt; And I think just like that's the mindset I think more companies will find themselves in is, oh my gosh, like there's more possibility. I can do more and I need more people for it. &gt;&gt; And then some companies will go, "Oh, maybe I can get more efficient, but I think that might be a recipe for long-term uh you know, sort of they might not be as effective as the companies that are trying to grow with this technology. &gt;&gt; On this competition point, um, one of the things I wanted to ask you about that might come off as, you know, ignorant or annoying, so sorry in advance, but um, &gt;&gt; that's a good way. I always read Figma as having somewhat low competition relative to being such a big market &gt;&gt; and um obviously you had you know other products that you were competing with and there was Adobe and there was Sketch um and that's not to minimize any of it um but it seemed to me like the market didn't catch on around you as fast as I thought it might have versus in other markets that seem smaller there's many many more companies working on it is that right or am I misreading it? &gt;&gt; I think it's changed over different periods of time. I mean, in the beginning of Figma when we first started, I remember looking at the Bureau of Labor Statistics because I wanted to know the market size. Like, you should know if you're reading any business book. And the answer was 250,000 designers. There's 250,000 designers in the United States. And I'm like, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that that's not the market that we can use to go get VC funding. So my pitch was basically like, we'll start with design. We're going to broaden out. And then uh what I think was actually happening, it's my intuition, but I couldn't articulate it very well at the time, was everything else was getting easier. Like you didn't have to host servers anymore. You could just use the cloud. You didn't have to go make box software. You could go use app stores. Dev tools were getting better. And as all these things were changing, where's value crew? Top the stack to designs and people are whether they're able to articulate that or not, they're hiring more designers. And the ramp we saw in terms of number of designers in the world over the first decade of Figma was tremendous. &gt;&gt; That market got so much bigger. So yeah, when we started off, I mean Adobe had just killed fireworks because they thought it was not uh you know it's kind of a mess I think maybe on the code side and acquired through Macromedia and they thought okay this is not where we put our efforts right now that's my sense and um basically then people switched to sketch and our main competitor was sketch and then vision as a combination &gt;&gt; uh there are other tools that started to appear like abstract uh all these companies founded by really amazing impressive people &gt;&gt; with really cool uh you know strategies and marketing and tech &gt;&gt; and uh some of the people that you know have worked at these companies are at Figma, some are not, &gt;&gt; but uh you know Sketch was really the competitor. &gt;&gt; And is today still a competitor. They keep going on and they're um a really really cool company. The envision uh aspect was fascinating because I remember their marketing was just so good and at some point uh they put out basically a teaser of their next product in Vision Studio. &gt;&gt; I was trying to raise the time and I remember uh there are VCs that you know told me hey like I just cannot reconcile your position with vision pass. And I'm like but they haven't even launched the thing yet. Like are you sure? you know, as a founder, you're like, "Come on." &gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. &gt;&gt; Uh, but I also I think because, you know, it was teams that were distributed in like weird ways across time zones and they were always racing for the next milestone. They just had so much tech debt &gt;&gt; and it really slowed them down. &gt;&gt; Um, which I also think is a potential issue for a lot of the companies that are moving so fast right now and doing so in a way that's not like well thought out. &gt;&gt; Yes. So anyway, I I think that the the competition felt very real. Then Adobe XD came along. We were really worried about it and then it kind of faded away. They uh put it into like a sunset mode uh and just kind of went, "Hey, this is not working." Uh and and then you know, you compare that to now. &gt;&gt; And I think this is the most exciting time ever. I mean, the reason we got into the space &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; was that we could create more tools for people building products. And now I think we've validated that there's a market there. People are excited about that and there's a lot of people that are trying all these cool different approaches and I think it's awesome like so much for people to try and learn from like the option spaces can be fully explored of how we build products and software and I think it's great. I think what I heard in there um is besides the fact that there was competition, maybe one of the like learnable things for founders is you started and it was not the market size that it is right now. &gt;&gt; And so, you know, you started in a thing that was 250,000 users. Maybe people thought you could charge 20 bucks a month. So, some VC is probably sitting there thinking, well, like, gez, that's not like a ton of revenue possible. You're not going to get the whole thing. So, you probably have a lot of people passing over market size. And so one of the flip sides of being in a sort of illeible market is you might get a little bit more time to build and grow. &gt;&gt; Definitely true in the past. Uh you is it true today? Maybe. I think the thing would be different today because there's just so much more of everything. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I think that the amount of software again going back to the exponential graph it's like it's been exponential since Mark Henderson wrote that essay was it 2011 of like you know software eating the world. You look back to that time and it's like the exponential increase has been real. Now it's like vertical. &gt;&gt; But I also think there's an opportunity uh that is underappreciated to go build in boring spaces. It's like as long as you're passionate about it. Don't do something you're not passionate about. If you're a founder and you're waking up in 10 years and going why the heck am I working on this? Like let's be real. You didn't even make it 10 years. you probably made a few and you burnt out and you like either tried to flip it, didn't work or did work and you're stuck with this thing if you didn't &gt;&gt; and uh if you take on PC money then you know you got to keep going. &gt;&gt; It's like our friend Adam Gil building owner you and I both obviously invested and are friends with him and &gt;&gt; well he's very passionate. &gt;&gt; He's very passionate and he's building in a space that I think has been overlooked by tons of entrepreneurs. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I think he thinks it's the most interesting thing in the possible in the world and a lot of other folks are uh of the opinion that this is like very boring. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think it's an advantage to work in a space that other people consider boring. &gt;&gt; Yes. But to your point, you can't go just like fake that. Nope. &gt;&gt; Because you got to work on the thing for 10 years. &gt;&gt; Uh maybe 20, maybe 30. Like if you're lucky, you'll work on it forever. &gt;&gt; Yep. Exactly. &gt;&gt; That's what I'm hoping for Figma. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I think you will. I want to talk about the way that you show up as a CEO because I think there is a somewhat widely held opinion [snorts] which might have grains of truth but maybe not which is that to be an unbelievable founder, unbelievable CEO, you kind of got to be rough and you got to be aggressive and you kind of got to be sharky and out for, you know, your company and yourself and all these other things. And [snorts] obviously there are people who do it that way and who are very successful and that's fine. But um you to me are an example of doing it the other way where it doesn't come from a place of like you know hate and revenge or winning or all these things which again there's nothing negative about building in those ways but there is this other way to do it and I'm just curious if you have reflected on this because I'm guessing you also see that in yourself and you see this in other people and I would just be curious to sort of like hear your musings on this topic of like to be a world class founder CEO. Do you have to be a certain way here? &gt;&gt; Well, first of all, I think there's just like a bajillion ways to start a company. You know, you don't have to take VC funding at all. You can bootstrap it. You can take the VC funding. There's expectations attached to that. You can, uh, you know, do it on your own. You can do it with a team. Uh, and all personalities can shine. Look at the founders that are in Silicon Valley right now that are scaling. I mean, you can find every personality, uh, every kind of makeup of a founder that you can imagine, which is awesome. &gt;&gt; Uh, I think that, you know, some investors have this thesis of like they got to have a chip on their shoulder. &gt;&gt; It's got to be like some like mega trauma. &gt;&gt; Um, oh, I had a pretty amazing childhood. I'm very thankful to my parents. Like, you know, I do like to win. I'll say that. uh I hate losing, but otherwise it's not like a &gt;&gt; big chip on the shoulder that, you know, I got to go prove myself every day. Um it's more that I really enjoy building what I'm building. I think I found this amazing group of people to do that with and you know, uh it's really fun. That's what's interesting is you are extremely driven and [clears throat] motivated, but it doesn't seem to come from any of that stuff that you'd often hear from a VC on a podcast about a chip on a shoulder or something that, you know, happened wrong in their life or somebody wronged them. It seems like you just love what you do. &gt;&gt; I mean, I get to do the most awesome stuff ever, which is like build tools for designers, creative people, uh, and then go see what they make in the world. like I can't imagine something more interesting or exciting to work on. Do you think this is like an uncommon source of this type of motivation or do you think like like in other words do you think that this conception that a lot of investors may founders a lot of people have do you think it's off base or do you think it is in fact the more common source that drives people &gt;&gt; I don't know I think uh I probably get like a a sample that seemed not representative because I have a lot of friends that also &gt;&gt; you attract people like you uh are just really driven by mission. Um, some of them have chips on their shoulder, some of them don't. But I guess the bigger thing is maybe just like don't get so attached to the chip on your shoulder that you don't work through it. Like uh if you're excited about what you're doing and you like heal a bit, that's okay. Trust me. Uh I've seen friends go through that journey and they show up to their company the next day and or a week or month or year or 10 years, however long it takes them to work through it &gt;&gt; and yeah, they're kicking ass. So like I don't think it's this thing where you [snorts] know you should stigmatize something like therapy or introspection uh because you're trying to feed the sort of VC capitalist machine. &gt;&gt; Like you can still feed the machine and you can like work on your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] &gt;&gt; It is funny. I don't know if you experienced it this way but I experienced building a company form of therapy is probably too strong of a word but it is a form of understanding yourself and working through a lot of stuff. It's something, &gt;&gt; you know, and uh don't get me wrong, like uh I hope I'm not an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but I definitely am intense in many meetings and often times I reflect afterwards and go, "Oh man, I I should have showed up there better." Right. [snorts] Uh but yeah, you show up a certain way, people will tell you if you got a good culture of communication and uh then you improve. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It also just forces so many like weird psychological situations and then you have to reflect on those and you know sometimes you do realize that like h behaving a way that I'm not you know the most proud of was effective and now how do I deal with that you know like I had a lot of those kind of things too where I was just like wow you're just put in these situations that force a lot of reflection and personal growth I think &gt;&gt; which is good &gt;&gt; but um but yeah anyway I just thought this was interesting because like you're often cited as an example is in the counter to this thing. Um, and I just like want there to be more of that in the world. Um, so, okay. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, changing gears to another topic. Um, you and I, I think, first got to know each other. This wasn't how, but, uh, around the time we got to know each other. &gt;&gt; Um, when we were younger, we had this group of other friends and people I think even younger than us who were like smart engineers. We called it Toad Chat for whatever reason. &gt;&gt; You called it Toad Chat. I called it. You made the group. Just be clear, &gt;&gt; I made the group, &gt;&gt; but you let me join as an honorary toad. I was very &gt;&gt; You were like, I'm not a toad, but I'm here to be I'm here to I'm here to &gt;&gt; I was honored to be there. &gt;&gt; And um looking back, there were like a lot of people in that group. Uh you know, there was you, Alex Wang, um Ari, and Conrad, like there was &gt;&gt; and many others. &gt;&gt; Many others. Yeah. It was awesome. And I look back at that and I I don't know, we must have been mid or late 20s. You people in their early &gt;&gt; They were early 20s. &gt;&gt; Early 20s. And I often think about that as like um [clears throat] the importance of being connected to young people as a founder, as an investor, as just anybody in tech cuz I do think there's so much just raw sort of um effort understanding. You're at the front of so much stuff there. And um you know, I think about this now as we're like in getting into like mid30s and um you know, like how does that change over time? And I don't know, I'm just curious your own experience because you're somebody who yourself started as a young person. You started the company as a young person. You've been connected to young people throughout. You still are of course, but like how has that journey changed for you? &gt;&gt; Yeah, I fear sometimes I'm not as connected to the youth as I once was. Uh, and I think that when you're young, me starting Figma, Evan as well, we'd grown up like, you know, playing World of Warcraft, multiplayer games, using Google Docs at school. So just gave us a mindset because of the tech stack we had grown up in and the culture we had grown up in that seemed to us obvious native. And then I would go talk to an investor and be like oh yeah like Google Docs and they're like wait like you use Google Docs. I'm like it's 2012 it's 2013 like who doesn't use Google Docs? They're like oh we're on Word and Outlook here. Uh and simultaneous collaboration. I'm not sure I've ever experienced it. I'm like what? Like this is my life you know. So the generational divides can sometimes be very real and um yeah I always [snorts] try to educate myself by like understanding what it is that people are surrounded by. Uh I think that social media can be one way to do that but it's hard to reconstruct in an algo feed world same context now. Uh I think just talking to people and like understanding their frame is always important. And also just making friends uh across age groups. I've got friends that are younger than me, older than me, you know, I've got friends that are 80. The other day I was talking to this incredibly precocious, amazing 16-year-old who like I got off the call. I'm just like, "Oh my god, how do I hire you? Is that legal? Uh like please come work at Figma." &gt;&gt; Yeah. Isn't it amazing when you talk to somebody who's like those ages and you're just like, I can't believe it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, you know, talking to this person, &gt;&gt; uh I was just like, you're more mature than a lot of 30-year-olds I know. &gt;&gt; And it's just incredible. The drive was so amazing. Yeah. I was talking to a founder that I would have guessed just by the way he was talking. I would have guessed was 30 and it was 20 and I was just like man I was not &gt;&gt; I was not like that when I was 20. &gt;&gt; But I think that you know the generational divide and the notion of generations is real &gt;&gt; like millennials uh point outlook and &gt;&gt; you know we're uh raised in a time where &gt;&gt; I mean who are the most famous millennials? Taylor Swift. &gt;&gt; Mark Zuckerberg. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, I don't actually know who the f most famous people in Gen Z are. Maybe you do. &gt;&gt; I don't know. &gt;&gt; Like who are the role models? &gt;&gt; I don't know who the role models are. I mean, I could probably, &gt;&gt; but then there's like the shift in philosophy, too. I mean, for Gen Z, I think there's a very different view and framework through which people that are in that generation roughly, I'm not saying for everyone, but for a lot of them, &gt;&gt; they look through the world &gt;&gt; and and see the world. And um for folks that went through COVID and had to be locked up and antisocial and not see other humans for a few years totally instead of going to school. I mean what effect does that have on you? A lot of effect. &gt;&gt; Also imagine if you graduated you know and came into the workforce in 2020 like right as co's happening right as you know &gt;&gt; we have plenty of people that did it think. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. or you know and but but then you like you know you start Zerp or imagine coming in in 2022 and everything's tough and then imagine coming in 2025 and everything's AI it's just like a few years make a big difference &gt;&gt; huge &gt;&gt; and I I think the mindsets uh the al just approach I mean I think um there's a lot of emergence right now of nihilism y &gt;&gt; uh I don't think it's like a permanent thing maybe but if you look at it and you're like &gt;&gt; okay well if you're told that AI is going to take all entry-level jobs &gt;&gt; by like a lot of media and you're told that climate change is going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the world. Um, and you believe that you have no economic prospect long term. &gt;&gt; You'll never own a house. Um, you'll never be able to support kids in America. Like that'll change your outlook on things. &gt;&gt; Yes. And you &gt;&gt; and that's like the media narrative for a lot of people right now. I don't think it's quite right. Uh, I'm I'm more optimistic than that. &gt;&gt; But like &gt;&gt; Well, I think you get both. I'm optimistic, too. I think there's a lot of people who don't succumb to that. But I think you can also sort of empirically see it in, you know, I think there's great parts of crypto, but there's parts of crypto that reflect nihilism. There's great parts of sports card and collectibles and there's parts that are nihilism. You know, there's probably good parts of &gt;&gt; Well, I think often the arc &gt;&gt; is like, you know, for example, in crypto, I mean, I got excited about NFTTS really early before they're called NFTs. We call them crypto collectibles usually. I remember on Clubhouse you had that big that that sort of &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, that was years later. I mean, but like I went from this era where it was all idealism and all this energy around like this &gt;&gt; just kind of like tension of the &gt;&gt; like idea of digital scarcity. How can something digital be scarce? That's so cool. &gt;&gt; Early crypto was this very like romantic missionary thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, and then there's early crypto and early Bitcoin, which was like, you know, libertarian philosophy and &gt;&gt; uh hard money and people that really didn't believe in state and uh thought it should all be debundled. That was a totally different mindset. I I was I was there cuz I thought &gt;&gt; this notion of digital scarcity and art was cool and like &gt;&gt; but then it evolved &gt;&gt; and and as it picks up &gt;&gt; a lot of crypto uh becomes degenerate gambling. &gt;&gt; And NFT space was no different. I think I missed the transition at some point where it became that and I was still in the idealistic frame and then the frame emerged of like no no no this is how you make like a lot of money really fast and get rich quick. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And uh it's kind of interesting actually. I feel like right now with um vibe coding there's been almost like that same arc &gt;&gt; of you know for me um I I think of uh things like make and I'm like okay great like now everyone can go make prototypes and make production apps faster and ship them. That's so cool. Like you can just do all this stuff that used to take so long so fast and uh and you can improve it. You can iterate. I think a lot of people also see it as like I can finally build a piece of software and get rich quick. &gt;&gt; And of course there's stuff in the middle too. &gt;&gt; But I I don't know. I mean it takes a long time to go build a [snorts] company. It's not like &gt;&gt; It's just an overnight thing. And I I think a lot of the folks that are just of this like I will spend an hour on uh my app and I'll ship it. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Like &gt;&gt; they're probably, you know, going to eventually phase out. And &gt;&gt; uh I think that the folks that remain will be the ones that are using as a tool. I think it's interesting because I think this this whole rise of apathy, nihilism, whatever is is very real and I feel like uh you sort of, you know, opened it up with this, but you can't blame people because it's like homes, you know, you know, like we're sitting here in San Francisco, like homes seem like ridiculously unaffordable if you're 22 and just getting started. There's just like all these reasons why it's like, well, I got to do something like a little divergent to get something to happen, so like why not gamble? Um, and I think a lot of this same sort of mindset applies in sort of just like it's not just in the gamble like it's also in people building, you know, companies and doing venture and all of that. I think you get to see sort of the range of just like going for it for, you know, sort of the the long-term reasons versus like what can I what can I flip this year? And then there's a lot of people who are also like extremely long-term, have a thesis about the world. They're optimistic. Yep. &gt;&gt; And they're trying to inlect the world for the better, and they're mission driven, not monetarily driven. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, hopefully more of those than ever. Like, as tech grows, hopefully it's more than ever. &gt;&gt; Those are the folks that inspire me. &gt;&gt; Yeah. One of the things that I thought was very impressive among many on the Figma journey is um the company seemed to get stronger through the Adobe acquisition and you know sort of it falling apart. And I would imagine that would be the kind of thing that could like spiritually break a lot of companies culturally, a lot of founders who are like, "Oh man, I was like right there and now I [snorts] got to do this whole like emotional and cultural reset." So like um how did you how did you navigate that? I guess starting with your own psychology. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um that was probably the hardest of my own psychology uh because kind of everything else is downstream of that and if you're not like right in your own head then how can you lead? &gt;&gt; uh or make good decisions even. &gt;&gt; And for me I think um you know at the start it was kind of like oh 95% certainty it'll go through no worries. And just kind of every time we checked in the certainty went down. Uh and eventually you know at the end it's like there's maybe a 5% chance you know in that arc you know at some point very quickly we was like okay this is not a sure thing. Keep the phone in the gas keep building. Um that's the best outcome whether we join Adobe or we're independent. And you know it's like you can't be in this constant state of we're you know we're so back it's so over. &gt;&gt; Uhhuh. and just rapid cycling through that like just your brain falls apart and turns to mush in my opinion at least for me. And so the word of the year for me then was like equinimity. I think I said equinimity more times that year uh than I ever will say the rest of my life probably. But it's just like okay how do you find peace in every option and know that everything's going to be okay? We're building a great company for amazing customers and we have a lot of stuff to do. Let's go do it. And uh whatever happens, we're going to put our best foot forward. It's the contract we sign with Adobe and we're going to make sure that we do everything we can to close this. If it doesn't work out, we'll have a great independent path. And then, you know, you get to the end of it. And uh I think the relief the team felt at knowing an answer and having just like this you know supervisional state collapse into okay we know we're going to be independent like that was real relief I bet. Um, it was the end of the year, you know, we found out uh as I was about to fly out to visit my in-laws and I think I was like hashing through all the details of how to communicate with the team on like a Saturday night and a Sunday and then Monday we announced that it was not going through &gt;&gt; and it and people had already gone on break starting on that Friday. sent a message to this team on Slack like at channel, you know, FYI [laughter] press release um and details about like what it meant for them and uh and said, "Hey, if you want, no pressure. If you want to join though, here's a Zoom call and we'll be talking about this then." And you know, just the relief on the Zoom call was like palpable &gt;&gt; over Zoom, [laughter] &gt;&gt; which was pretty wild. Just the chat was it makes sense though. &gt;&gt; It was like a big relief to know. And then, you know, the break is going and I'm like, okay, not everyone is in that place. And so, we made a program called detach, which is a Figma fund. You can detach a component. It's like something that some people frown on. Uh, but like it's also a necessary task sometimes. And the idea was just, hey, look, if you don't want to be at Figma, we don't want to trap you. Here's three months of pay. If you decide to leave, leave. and uh you're still like cool with us. We're cool with you. Everything's fine. And if you decide to reapply, you can't reapply for 6 months, but then you're welcome to reapply after that. And uh yeah, you're like, there's no issue if you decide to take this. And if you don't, like FYI, we are a hard charging startup. It's going to be intense. We got a lot to do. &gt;&gt; Mhm. Um, and so we rolled this out, you know, kind of a nervous few weeks as people made their calls. And then, uh, a little over 4% of people took us up on it. &gt;&gt; What year was that again? &gt;&gt; Uh, that would have been, um, I think 2023. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; I have to double check that. Uh, I get the dates all confused sometimes. &gt;&gt; Was there any element coinciding there too of like there was like something in the water in tech at that time where like a cultural reset was happening at a lot of companies and did that play in in any way? Did it help in any way that that was going on other places or did it just have &gt;&gt; I don't think it factored in. Just to be clear, I think it was end of 2023 that uh we communicated for the first time but like early 2024 that it was the detach program. &gt;&gt; Um if I'm accurate there and &gt;&gt; I think that um really we looked at what people were doing, why they decided I mean a lot of it was just like you know I I'm tired, I need a break. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And uh I want a lot of people making career changes. Like it was really interesting. I had like early stage or sorry uh early career sales reps moving over to uh like politics, stuff like that. &gt;&gt; It's also like a little domain hobby. &gt;&gt; I bet you for a lot of people it's you know when you like flip a coin and you don't know what you want, you like flip a coin, you get tails and then you're like sad and you wish it was heads or vice versa. There's probably also some people going through that experience with like, "Oh, wow. I was actually really hoping that we could put a bow on this cuz I was ready for my next thing." &gt;&gt; Well, I mean, or people that got attached to the idea and &gt;&gt; yeah, there's definitely a few people who were, you know, amazing and of course you go talk to the folks that you're like, "Okay, I know you said this, but like are you sure?" &gt;&gt; And their headsp space was one of, okay, like it's I get it. You're done. &gt;&gt; Um, at least for now, some people boomerang back. It's a really great move though because basically you just like took the situation like on the front foot and rather than just being like oh let's just see how we do you're like hey &gt;&gt; if you want this like you got to sign up. &gt;&gt; Yeah I just feel like it's best in general to deal with things and move on. &gt;&gt; And so I try to be direct my communication with people make sure I'm setting clear expectations &gt;&gt; you know for friends like you know &gt;&gt; like give very clear feedback. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You're always telling me bad stuff. &gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. Uh there's not much not much to critique but the um &gt;&gt; but yeah I mean then from there it was like because we had put our foot on the gas the entire time &gt;&gt; we were able to launch a bunch of product. I mean we doubled our [snorts] product offering uh at config recently &gt;&gt; due [clears throat] to the work we did in that period of time. We &gt;&gt; right after the deal was dissolved launched uh in GA dev mode. Um and that was was really really [snorts] exciting to watch that take off. &gt;&gt; Yeah. uh as well as just like countless other product updates. The velocity only increased. The momentum was real. &gt;&gt; But I think lean into it and just acknowledging it and starting that conversation was part of it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. On that note, I want to go to sort of like the final area which is how you're thinking about just AI impacting sort of your road map and your product. And maybe you could just even talk about like the things that you've been working on over the last 6 or 12 months that you know AI related that I think are sort of most important for Figma. so much. Um, I think that first of all, you know, it's not just designers in the process, although they're the heart of it. Uh, they're working with developers, they're working with product managers, uh, and more researchers, marketers, and, uh, I think that if you can give developers a good way through MCP to pull context from design so they can be able to make things faster, it's a win. So we introduced dev mode MCP and uh folks are able to use that with well structured design files to go build the front end experience so much faster. I mean it's really wild to see how this works when you actually experience it live. Uh you know you get a lot of the front end built for you by the AI that can interpret what we send over and uh do inference and it can be just extraordinarily fast. Um, we're also thinking a lot about of course how do we make sure that you're able to have great prompting experiences in uh both Figma make but also Figma design and Figma design we've teased it but it's not out yet but we're really excited about that. Um, in general I'd say like it feels like we're kind of in this MS DOS era of AI where we're going to look back in some number of years and go it's kind of wild that we're just like typing text all the time. there will be some amount of dimensionality collapse into interfaces &gt;&gt; and you know it's also the case I think for any AI company the strategic question you have to be positive on is as models get better do we get better and their answer has to be yes if it's no in some way you got to readjust strategy in late October as you know we announced we uh now Figma weave and this is an acquisition we've made that I think really meets these attributes and I am so excited about basically it makes it so you can use all these different generative models for image video but also to transform across modalities like image to 3D for example and you can then connect them in a nodebased workflow use it to creatively explore or also create a pipeline uh make a process and the things we're seeing people do with it are just so cool and wild and expressive and I guess like overall it's also reflective a lot because a lot of people call the output of these models slop. So almost like a derogatory term and you know without making any comment on slop versus not slop I mean some things I see as out I'm like wow it's amazing but I think the more important point is like whatever you start with it's a starting point and you can use that in a workflow to get to something amazing for your own craft. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think with Weave, that's what we're [clears throat] seeing is just this incredible way that artists and creatives can go and create all sorts of different types of multimedia generation. Um, and then also use it across the Figma platform. And so I'm really really excited about what we're doing there and uh just the fact that they trusted us to join up and what we can do in the future. [snorts] &gt;&gt; As you add more and more AI into the product, what do you what do you think is like the final bastion of like human designers? Will it be taste coordination? What will the set of things be that you're most confident in? Like will always be just like human tasks. I mean I think that um we are so far away from AI replacing designers. Uh and if you actually look at the designs generated, I think it's very easy to tell that. But even if the design generation from aesthetic standpoint gets better, like it's not considering the entire system, it's not considering all the constraints, you're not exploring the full option space, you're not thinking about like the context culturally, you're not thinking about uh the business problems you have to solve or the greater system that connects uh everything that's all these different targets across all these different experiences you're trying to create. you're not thinking about the emotional qualities you're trying to create and the brand and how that gets pulled in. I I just so much and the best designers are able to take all these different inputs and then be able to explore out very dense and uh deep trees of possibility to figure out what is the best approach systematically and then go build on it. And I I don't know, it's like um one example I go through a lot that resonates with the Gen Z people but not the millennials or uh folks that are older always is Brat Summer. &gt;&gt; H &gt;&gt; you you know Brad Summer, right? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Oh, Brat Summer. &gt;&gt; Yes. Brad Summer. &gt;&gt; Brad Summer, of course. &gt;&gt; See, you got it. &gt;&gt; Brad Summer. I was like, who's Brad Summer? &gt;&gt; Yeah. No. Yeah. We can talk about Brad Summer later. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Brad Summer school. &gt;&gt; Anyway, Brat Summer. And uh you know I use Brat Summer as an example a lot because well think about it right like the album cover obviously not just the album cover but as a design artifact lime green square I think it was what comic sands or something that was written in? &gt;&gt; What ASI uh you know uh designer would create Brat Summer? &gt;&gt; I don't know. I mean, or if they did, it would be one out of a hundred thousand and no weight would be thrown behind it because I think that's the other piece of design is it's not just the artifact. It's knowing this is good and you know, we're going to put the right sort of message behind it. &gt;&gt; And so for aesthetic, I mean, the ability to go think of all the possibilities in the world and end up on that album cover, like you put me in a room for 100 years, I don't think I would have come up with that. &gt;&gt; Well, I definitely wouldn't. Yeah. And uh on the other hand of it other extreme it's like okay what about usability? What about hierarchy? What about the ability to think about the different permutations of the way you take a data model express it through UI? Yeah. &gt;&gt; And allow people to actually control an interface and what affordances to use and which ones to get rid of and innovate on and go find new ways to do something that are out of distribution. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like I think that the role of a designer is going to be one where uh AI makes it so that they are able to get rid of the drudgery. They won't have to uh engage with repetitive tasks anymore. Instead, they'll be able to be like really thinking more holistically, thinking further and going going to beyond. Uh and I think it'll lead to an explosion of creativity, explosion of really interesting, amazing outputs and I'm pretty excited for it. You know, I think the same thing that you just described is true with music where obviously AI music sounds pretty good, but I still think like these albums that like take over a summer or just like a song that captures everybody like I just there's something like more like soulful that has to be captured that I just don't think we're there yet. Well, I also think it's possible that like on the music side, AI generated music can inspire an artist to go and riff on that. And inspiration can come from anywhere for sure. Like I think AI is a great inspiration tool. It's also a great tool to figure out what do you not want to do? Like I never use AI for writing personally. I find it doesn't capture voice. But I love asking AI, what are the 10 cliche ways to say this so I can go like push beyond it and figure out the actual new way to say the thing that I'm trying to say. &gt;&gt; And uh I I don't know. I think that just like we're the more we capture the distribution that exists today, the more we can think outside of it. And that's human creativity. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I love it. Dylan, this is super fun. Thanks. &gt;&gt; Thank you for having me. Great to see you as always. You too.
