---
ticker: FIGMA
type: youtube
title: "Figma CEO Dylan Field on Q4 results, Anthropic partnership and state of AI tech race"
channel: "CNBC Television"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhP9nOunyFo
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 7380
---

# Figma CEO Dylan Field on Q4 results, Anthropic partnership and state of AI tech race

## 视频信息
- **频道**: CNBC Television
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhP9nOunyFo

## 转录全文

Figma beating estimates on the top and bottom lines and giving upbeat guidance. The stock is on the rise premarket, but has been under a lot of pressure amid a broader sell-off of software companies. We've been talking about the potential impact of AI on software companies. Yesterday, I spoke with CEO Dylan Field first on CNBC and asked him about the quarter. It's uh amusing to hear the narrative of software is dead while also uh looking at the reality of the exponential growth of software that we've witnessed over the past decade and the continued exponential ahead where it's going straight up vertical now uh in terms of amount of software created by created in the world and amount of people doing it and we believe with Figma that uh we can be the center of gravity for product teams building software and uh a place where you can regardless of where you start whether it be you know shower thought, napkin sketch, uh brainstorm, design, code, terminal, whatever. Uh wherever you start, you want to be able to go everywhere in that process at different times. How do we let you do that in Figma and how do we let you do it with your team? Uh is something that we're really excited about. And I think that the way that's getting reflected in terms of non-designers now getting involved in the design process is incredible. And uh we had a really amazing quarter because of this. Uh and I think we'll continue to see uh more people getting involved in design because design is now how you win or lose. &gt;&gt; You have accelerated growth among the customers driving these Q4 results. How much of that is from existing customers effectively paying more versus new customers on the platform? &gt;&gt; Uh, a mix always, but what we've been very excited to see is how those existing customers continue to expand and they do it in a way where it's not just hiring designers, which they're doing too, uh, and they're doing a lot of that. there's a bit of a design talent arms race going on, but also we're seeing more non-designers contributing to the design process now and getting really involved in design. I think this is why we're seeing so much rhetoric and talk about taste right now. Uh you know, with everyone in Silicon Valley saying that taste is now a core skill and it's all about taste. Uh this is what we've been thinking uh for the history of Figma. Of course, the design is a differentiator and that craft point of view. That's what's going to set you apart. Uh but what really matters right now, I think, is that you have the ability to create something unique and to actually stand out from the market. &gt;&gt; Earlier this week, Figma announced a partnership with Anthropic that bridges Claude's coding tools and Figma's design processes. And I asked Field about his view of the different large language models. &gt;&gt; I've used all basically all the models right now. And um I'm &gt;&gt; Yeah. So what what which one do you use the most right now? &gt;&gt; Uh I'm not your average person on this. I like don't watch Netflix. Instead, I jailbreak models for fun. Uh and you know, I explore them deeply uh to understand what they're capable of. And uh I use all of them for that reason. So, I'm not probably the right &gt;&gt; I know, but come on. Just just stack stack rank them in this moment. I'll stack rank them for you right now. In this moment to change in a month or two. [laughter] &gt;&gt; In this in this particular moment, I would put Claude at the top of the list. &gt;&gt; Um, and maybe put Gemini even at two and Open AAI at three. It depends sort of what the use case is. And by the way, I probably wouldn't have given you that ranking two weeks ago. two weeks ago, I probably would had Gemini at the top, OpenAI, maybe vying for two with with Claude, uh, depending on the use case. And I would bet that if we had this conversation a month from now, I might put Open AI back at the top depending on whatever you think their next release looks like. And that's what you beat me to the punch. I think &gt;&gt; changing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you beat me to my uh what I was going to say, which is depends on your use case and the details of your use case. So I I don't really think it's a apples to apples comparison between the different models. I mean they're one way to put it is um it's like like they're slightly different alien intelligences. Uh you know and they're almost different species at this point. Uh so not like species in terms of speciation from a human standpoint. Uh but um like they feel like they're um very different uh in the ways that they approach things. And I I think it's underappreciated. &gt;&gt; The big issue, as you know, right now in the marketplace is this view that ultimately these large language models that you've partnered with are going to figure out a way to ultimately create software uh that is similar uh if not better long-term than what all these software companies including uh Figma have done. What do you think of just that very premise? Well, I think first of all, um, we're not there today. Uh, and today, uh, very much you need to steer these models. And I think that, uh, it's certainly the case that we're going to see more software than ever because of this. I think that humans will add diversity and uh, more exploration the models would alone. If you think about yes the models are deterministic but they kind of come up with very similar stuff unless you steer them into a particular direction and if you ask them to steer themselves even they will still steer in predictable ways at first. Uh so it really requires the human to create the trajectory for the model and light up their latent space and make it so they can actually go figure out the right things to go do. And what I think we'll end up with is a place where for software design is a differentiator. And if you have a point of view for not just your company and your brand, but also for your product and it all flows through about what your view on the world is as a company. That is going to be essential in a way that people I think do not fully understand or appreciate today. And actually I think um you'll need to have a view that's somewhat controversial. uh if you want to stand out in the attention economy of today, just sort of uh saying we sell apple pie uh is not going to cut it anymore. &gt;&gt; You're rolling out a hybrid pricing model going forward and this effectively means you're going to be enforcing uh seat credit limits and I believe that starts next month and so I just wonder how you think that's going to impact the paid customers. &gt;&gt; Well, so we already uh you know people are already paying for seats. we're actually giving them credits for inference here and then uh that's something that we're trying to be generous about and then if they go over the credit limit then yes uh they can basically go and uh get additional credits and yeah we're excited about uh seeing where this goes the um I mean this time last year we didn't have any notion of AI credits in the platform uh and now about 75% of our uh customers that are over $10,000 or more or an ARR uh are consuming AI credits weekly. So, we'll start monetization of these AI credits in March. And uh from there, I'm sure we'll be evolving uh with our customers and trying to figure out how we can create the best capabilities for
