---
ticker: FIGMA
type: youtube
title: "Figma CEO Dylan Field on IPO debut: Design is going public today"
channel: "CNBC Television"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Refr2StkcD8
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 6874
---

# Figma CEO Dylan Field on IPO debut: Design is going public today

## 视频信息
- **频道**: CNBC Television
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Refr2StkcD8

## 转录全文

design software maker Figma going public today right here at the New York Stock Exchange. It is a very big deal and u it's a big deal uh for this market and the future of IPOs as well. Joining me right now first on CNBC is Figum's co-founder and CEO Dylan Field. And it is great to see you and it's very exciting to see you because you founded this company in 2012 and I feel like I've watched uh this whole company uh just emerge over the years and in particular this is a special moment because there was a moment just a couple of years ago where you had tried and planned to sell yourself to Adobe. It didn't ultimately happen and now you're back here. What does this feel like after that whole roller coaster ride? Well, first of all, just a huge thank you for being here with us today and for having me. Uh, uh, I'm just so thankful to be here with a team, with our community outside, uh, and inside the building. And it's going to be a remarkable day. Uh, it's not just Figma going public today, design is going public today. &gt;&gt; And yeah, &gt;&gt; I was going to say, so for those who don't know, just just who are uninitiated, explain what Figma is to folks. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. So, Figma is a platform that helps you go from idea in your head to digital product. Uh, and we try to do all the steps of that product design development process, whether it be whiteboarding and brainstorming, uh, slides and making it so you can create presentations. Uh, Figma design, our flagship product, allows you to design visual screens. we have ways for people to go from design to development and ultimately in the case of websites ship real websites the uh out there and publish them and uh many other areas as well. Uh we're also focused on now shipping marketing assets at scale and I think uh the product that we're even most focused on right now is Figma make which allows you to go from prompt to working app uh all in Figma with your Figma designs as part of that prompt. So the valuation for this company $19.3 billion. It was oversubscribed. We'll see where it lands later today. What was that like for you? Obviously you tried to sell the company for $20 billion. So it's sort of this I I I'm just actually curious on a very personal level sort of watching all of that unfold what that was like. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean I think the most important thing to remind you know myself of the team of is share price is moment in time. you know, we're going to uh see all sorts of behavior probably today over the weeks ahead. Um, and you know, I'm not going to say it's just noise. Uh, you can't tell people that don't look at the elephant in the room. You know, there's an elephant in the room. It's dancing. It's drunk. Uh, but the, um, I think at the end of the day, what's really important here is that we control the inputs. And so what I've been talking about with the team is we have to stay focused, stay on mission, listen to our customers, uh, and really keep our priorities in mind because this is such an opportunity. We have such a moment here, uh, not just with today, uh, at the New York Stock Exchange, but in this greater moment to really impact the way that people do design. And I think that you know the the thing that I have really stressed the team and we've had a thesis on for a decade now way before anyone's talking about AI was uh how design is the differentiator as all these inputs to software get cheaper more accessible design and craft that's how you stand out in an everinccreasing world of competition for software and uh the more that we can help people compete and make it so that their companies their products are more valuable, the more we can bring more people into that process and help designers take the lead, lower the floor, raise the ceiling, uh that's what we have to do. &gt;&gt; As you know, a lot of companies are staying private for longer, something you actually referenced uh in in the S1. What was the idea uh behind going public? Why do this now? What's what's the rationale? &gt;&gt; Well, I mean uh perhaps some companies will stay private forever. Uh for us, we looked ahead and said, "Okay, at some point we're going to be a public company." And the question is, well, why not now? And I think that it creates great corporate hygiene, uh, hygiene that we're doing already, but I mean, obviously the markets keep you accountable for that. And I believe that, uh, this is a way for our community to be part of Figma. And, you know, I have it in the banner outside. Design is everyone's business. That doesn't just mean that, uh, now you can invest in Figma in the public markets. It also means that everyone needs to care about design. This is the way you win or lose if you're running a software business. And uh I'm really excited to be able to help our users there. &gt;&gt; Um we've been talking all morning about AI given the new massive spending numbers we saw out of Meta last night and also Microsoft. What are you going to ultimately have to spend on AI and what does that therefore do to the business at least in the short term and what does that look like in the long term? Well, we'll go through an investment cycle uh where we are focused on making sure that we serve our customers. Uh and I think that you know think products like Figma make obviously have inference. We published our pricing on that last week. Uh and I think that there's just so much we more we can do here. And so I keep telling our team uh about the opportunity ahead. You know, we were talking earlier before this interview about how um these models are almost like a compass in this like hyperdimensional laden space that you're flying through and it's like a spaceship and uh how do you navigate that? And if we can create the right ways for people to see the entire idea maze of all the directions you go for design, help them navigate that maze, then ultimately give them a way to add their own human craft. Uh I think that's the way that we will help people really stand out and make their products um truly extraordinary. Um you folks uh though and well maybe this is a broader question about AI generally in terms of making it math out and when I say math out meaning make it profitable right now pro you know every prompt that goes through any of these LLM uh is a money losing proposition for the most part the question is when do you think the lines if you will cross &gt;&gt; I I don't think it's always the case actually um I think it's the case for some companies And uh certainly uh there are a big set of companies that's true for but I don't think that's going to be our equation here. Um that said you know there's going to be a lot more uh AI models in the world. open source is very impressive and I believe that um various financial model companies will continue to decrease costs as they uh add new models.
