---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: NOW
title: "What Everyone Gets Wrong About ServiceNow Stock (NOW Stock Analysis)"
channel: "What's Priced In (Wall Street Stock Analysis)"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: Ua3I-Z7tHhM
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ua3I-Z7tHhM
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# What Everyone Gets Wrong About ServiceNow Stock (NOW Stock Analysis)

**Channel**: What's Priced In (Wall Street Stock Analysis)  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ua3I-Z7tHhM

## Transcript

If Service Now is about to go out of business and be replaced by AI, then somebody explain this clip to me. >> Service Now is destined to be the best platform, the operating system of enterprise AI agents. And the reason for that, the reason for that is because every company in the world needs AI agents. And those AI agents are going to be curated, managed, made better by the IT department. And Service Now is already in every company's IT department. And with the company posting another Q4 earnings per share beat, let's figure out where price might be headed towards next, my bull versus bare framework, and where we should be buying. So, let's go. Real quick, hit subscribe because 2026 is going to be an absolute banger. I've worked with Wall Street investors before, and I've seen the story play out. So, go check out the other stock analysis videos, which you can find on the channel playlist. And thank you all for the support on my last Service Now video. The goal with this channel is to share high growth setups with you guys, and also my perspective on how I perform stock analysis research. And what I like to do is to follow what the bulls say versus what the bears say and also potential growth drivers that are not factored into the share price to figure out where the story might be headed towards next based on what's happened in the past. So starting with the bear case, there's definitely a huge argument right now that AI is just going to completely eat enterprise software and specifically for Service Now in the IT department where this software lives. Uh the number of employees at the company will need fewer and fewer licenses. Um but that's only been proven to be not true at all as we're going to get to later in the video. And the second point specifically to Service Now is the fact that they have no synergies with their acquisitions getting into cyber security and investors are wondering what they're doing spending all this cash and what management is thinking making these big moves. And I just want to level set everything and say that there are a lot of feature companies out there that'll definitely be replaced by AI at some point. And if we go back to what Jensen was just saying about Service Now at the beginning of the video, there's one thing that I think a lot of people just do not simply understand is the fact that AI cannot clone regulation and it cannot clone security. So if you think that Fortune 500 companies who need to report earnings or are up for acquisitions are going to go on chat GBT and start logging all of their IT and all their cyber security issues into a generative AI platform is just completely science fiction. the bears are pretty much thinking right now is that every Fortune 500 CEO, which by the way, Service Now has 85% of them on the platform right now, you're going up to those CEOs and telling them to not only clone their own IT management software, but also you're pretty much asking them to build their own car that's going to pass highway safety regulations. And while we're on the topic, let's talk about Anthropic and OpenAI in the fact that Service Now has already partnered with both of them, which I thought that these guys were supposed to be eating the Service Now business. And on the topic of acquisitions, I can totally understand that they certainly paid a lot for these. Uh on Armis, Vza, and Move Works, they paid around 11 billion. And that was more out of the time that they really needed to pull these off because of what what you think about the platform as transitioning to in the future is going to be not only it, but also a cyber security management tool. uh and you can think of it as an example as if someone was to break into a production facility and steal a piece of equipment. Service Now platform would already be integrated with that and recommend the specific IT solution to track that down, figure out what workflows are affecting and also log a ticket and deploy an AI agent to go solve it for you. So with everything in mind, we're going to move down to the investment section and that's where everything's really starting to accelerate here and why they only saw more earnings per share and also more revenue in the quarter. and they authorized a $5 billion share repurchase program uh which two billion of that has already been deployed in the market and that is on top of their five for one stock split which we discussed in the last video which was a bullish sign for management guys I find this story so fascinating because it really reminds me of what happened with Google versus open AI in the fact that everybody thought Google was just going to go completely out of business but look what happened uh more people use Gemini than open AI at this point and that has only been a huge rocket ship for them recently and that's what I'm starting to extrapolate to the Service Now story If you think about that they have 60 billion transactions and specific workflows, what do you think is going to happen to this number when everything is just running off of AI? I think these numbers could be well over 600 billion at some point. And what do you do or who do you go to when your IT workflow has an issue? You need the Service Now platform to go deploy agents to go solve it for you. And check out this product demo that they just deployed. >> I got a notification that there's an offer letter for me to approve. The thing is I'm not in the office and I don't have access to the employee portal. This offer letter needs to go out today or we could lose the candidate. >> I found the approval ticket for candidate Helen Highwwater. I can see you're the next approver. Would you like me to approve on your behalf? >> Yes, please approve the offer. >> The offer is approved. By the way, it looks like the issue keeping you from getting to your employee portal is a VPN outage in your area. I filed a high priority ticket under your name for it to investigate this outage further. >> To back up that point even further, he continues to say that the IDC estimates there will be 2.2 2 billion AI agents by 2030. And whatever is not built on the Service Now platform will be governed and monitored and secured by the Service Now software. And looking at the transcript, we can see that Bill specifically states here that they estimate a 1.3 billion seats in their target market. So the argument that people continue to do corporate layoffs, which by the way is definitely not good for anybody, but the fact that the Service Now platform has a huge target market that they're definitely only scratching the surface on. And if you're wondering by this point in the video why I find this all so fascinating and why do I even think that this will be a trillion dollar company at some point? Well, one, it's backed by the largest company in the world, uh, Nvidia and Jensen Wong. But also, just read this clip from Bill. You have his full commitment that he's going to be the CEO by 2030. And he did state that he's backing up his entire compensation on the stock. And it's right here. This is a $1 trillion company in the making. Just to go over the product again, I'll put the diagram on the screen. It is truly a one-of-a-one software that touches almost everything even but really when they're adding on all these cyber security layers and are really well positioning themselves to be the IT AI agentic platform of the future. It's really hard to argue that AI especially somebody just sitting on their computer like me is going to go and clone that entire end-to-end functionality and make it regulatory compliant which I think is a huge overlook. Service Now is trading at around $120 billion in market cap and has definitely seen a significant sell off from its all-time high. So that tells me that a lot of the fear of AI taking over enterprise software has definitely made its way into the short argument. But if we look at financials and understand that one, they beat estimates and two that they only continue to raise their top and bottom line in terms of dollars and growth rates. We can look at how Wall Street is trending with those expectations with the next four years of revenue estimates uh over time on the topand side of the screen and the next four years of earnings per share estimates on the bottomand side of the screen. And what do you notice once again is the fact that the stock continues to sell off at the same time that estimates out until the end of the decade continue to go up over time, which unless everybody decided to throw traditional investment advice out the window, you're supposed to be buying companies that only see their earnings go up over time at cheap share prices, which is exactly the setup that we're seeing right now. So, with the fact in mind that the revenue estimates and earnings per share estimates continue to go up over time, let's see how they look in the consolidated income statement out until 2030 and understand that Service Now will continue to gain more customers organically, continue to innovate their product and develop new AI features as well as expand internationally into markets that are completely untapped. So starting with their sales, they're continuing to post really strong growth rates all the way out to the end of the decade with the average being of around 19% which is massive for this company. And if we look at their margin profile, it's pretty much consistently flat. So they're going to gain more revenue, but their margins are going to hold in there, which is a great sign to see. And scrolling all the way down to their EPS and net income, once again, their net margin. And by the way, that these are the estimates at the current point in time. So, if Service Now is somehow able to get more efficient with their operating expenses and somehow be able to raise margins, um that's definitely going to send the shares a lot higher in my opinion. If that scenario does play out, which I don't think it has just yet, these estimates once again do indicate that net margins are going to hold in there consistently out until the end of the decade. Guys, drop a like and subscribe if you found the video valuable so far as we're going to get into the charts next across the software sector right now. Starting with Service Now that we know that the story is still intact. No black swan events have come out and there hasn't been a full end-to-end service now clone available on the market that is fully generated by AI and is also compliant which is a huge point. We noticed that a lot of these stocks have definitely been oversold over the past couple of days specifically starting with Service Now. This is what I have been waiting for to see is a sign of buying pressure which we did get a bull reversal bar on today's print going down to SAP which is another huge SAS company. They're seeing a bull reversal as well into it again, CRM and Adobe. So, there are some bulls finally stepping into the market and this is the first of many bull bars that you would like to see to indicate a reversal, but it's good news for now, but at the current point in time, this could always go lower. So, we definitely need to wait and see. in sticking specifically with the Service Now chart that we have on the weekly time frame at the top of the screen, the relative strength index, which we have in the middle and my indicator, which is the draw down percent from the all-time high uh on the bottom of the screen in red there. There's three things that I wanted to point out that we made in the last video. Um when we were trading closer to around $150 per share, we do notice that on the black moving average, which is the 300E moving average, um that's where price had bottomed historically all the way back in 2022, guys. And looking to today, we did get that bull reversal bar that we were looking for, but price did continue to sell off. As we know, there are a lot of uh SAS companies coming out and reporting earnings. And even though they're posting massive numbers, uh including Microsoft, um I guess 40% growth rate is just not enough for investors at this point in time. I know that no black swan events have happened at the current point in time, uh just looking purely at the RSI and we zoom all the way out here. This is what I've definitely had my eyes on for a while now, guys. Um it's at its lowest RSI reading ever, uh trading at 24. Um, and that is well below the 2016 bottom that happened all the way back then. And if we look at the percent draw down from the all-time high, that's at 56% which is the highest peak in history. And I think like again that the fundamentals are only better for the company that they have been. They're continuing to push themselves to be the number one player in workforce management IT solutions for AI workflows. And you also have the backing of Jensen Wong at Nvidia, which is the gold standard for any company right now to get credit from. So I think there's a lot of good factors. And really what I'm waiting for to double down is to figure out when bulls are going to step in because I just don't see that this software is going to go away anytime soon. And like I said, this goes back to the core principle of investing and hopefully finding good investments and not catching falling knives. I'm looking at you PayPal probably being the worst stock of all time. But going back to the Service Now story, this is what we're supposed to look for. Companies that are accelerating earnings. They only continue to increase their offering. they only have more customers and they're trading at a lower valuation than they were historically with better fundamentals. That's pointing to a buy in my opinion and I hope you guys agree. Let me know your comments down below what you guys like to see next and if you want to check out the other stock analysis videos which you can find on the screen now. I want my service now. I want service now. I want service now. I want service now. I want service now. I want service.
