---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: NOW
title: "ServiceNow (NOW STOCK): BEST IN CLASS? KILLED BY AI?"
channel: "UNRIVALED INVESTING"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: o38owYEEH9I
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o38owYEEH9I
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# ServiceNow (NOW STOCK): BEST IN CLASS? KILLED BY AI?

**Channel**: UNRIVALED INVESTING  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o38owYEEH9I

## Transcript

Is it apocalypse now for software as a service stocks? If you look at what's going on in the space, especially as earnings season starts up, a lot of these software companies are getting completely bludgeoned. If you look at Service Now, the stock's down over 10% today. And zooming out a bit over the past year, it's lost around 50% over 50%. This is NW or Service Now. And this is a company where management previously called out that it was a league of its own. better revenue growth, better free cash flow margins than the likes of Oracle, SAP, Microsoft, Salesforce, Workday, Adobe. So saying, look, we are better than these other players. We deserve a premium valuation. And I'd argue that's a key part of the reason why the stock is down over 50% this past year is because the valuation historically was so rich. It previously was even so high as above 20 times sales. So that is a price to sales multiple. Now it's back into a more what's become more normalized territory of high single digits. Now the question is is this enough? Because the underlying business still appears to be doing quite well. The fundamentals appear to be quite strong. When I turn to flash, my freeto use AI assistant. Check out the link below. Any company in the world which includes, you know, free videos, free infographics on any company that you're interested in. Flash says, "Yeah, Service Now actually looks pretty good. maybe downside of around 7% over the next five years, maybe upside of closer to 200% over the next five years. My personal framework is a little bit more cautious when I'm looking at this. I personally think the upside might be a little bit more tapped. That's because I'm more of a conservative investor in terms of the multiples I'm willing to apply. But here it is. You have the cutting edge AI models saying maybe, you know, this is pretty interesting, you know, framework. So in this video, we're going to explore a few different aspects. you know what is driving the software implosion right now as it you know relates to AI you know potentially disrupting these businesses which businesses are potentially protected in this environment who can potentially thrive how I expect to it to play out let's say over the next couple of years because I I don't think it's just overnight everything's going to change it's going to roll out over time and so we're going to understand that dynamic and then also explore what does service now in this video. If you enjoy educational investment in investing content, I do appreciate you hitting that thumbs up, hit that subscribe button. So, as we look at Service Now, you know, they have a lot of different modules, a lot of different software features. One of which is with IT service management. Think about it as the help desk within a company. Maybe you log out, maybe your, you know, laptop gets broken. You need to create some sort of ticket so that way someone fix it. and you know you either get some sort of password reset or there's an issue with your computer here it is this is all internally the software that makes it possible and it's also critical to have a system of record for it so that way the IT can be like okay this person has this you know we could easily reset your password we could see what information is going where and so you have IT service management that's one of their you know key features that they've offered over time and think of it as a lot of different modules that they offer also IT operations management so this is an infrastructure map. So that way the folks, you know, helping run the companies can see, okay, well, this is this is our database. This is our servers. This is, you know, all of our, you know, information where it is, oh, there might be a server down this, how does this affect the business? So, this is about scanning the infrastructure, what they own, how it's running, making sure it doesn't go down, making sure it's operating cor correctly correctly. So, as you look at both of these, you'd say, yeah, these are critical aspects to this business. I mean, you want to make sure the people working in the business have technology that's working for them. They have the access that they should have and that the fundamental infrastructure is also staying alive. And as I already mentioned, there's a lot more modules, a lot more categories, a lot more software features. You know, you could talk about uh customer service management where you might have made a sale and then the customer is like, well, I still have some questions, you know, or I'm having some sort of issue. How do you make sure that, you know, support ticket goes to the right people? and you know the right people you know also have the right information about the end customer. So there's a lot of different modules. Management's quick to point out that they've you know they've rapidly expanded into different categories. Back in 2019 it was only around six categories. Now they're in 33. And it can be things you know as complicated as enterprise you know service management or enterprise asset management. You might have something like, you know, you want to check out a company which has resources spread out and, you know, maybe it's a physical resource, maybe it's a, you know, like laptops. If if you have a workforce of of engineers and they have their computer laptops, you want to make sure, okay, well, we're tracking who has what, where it is, you know, if something breaks, we can, you know, say, okay, well, this is your third laptop. Maybe that's an issue. So, you want to have some sort of record, you know, some sort of proof that, you know, this is what's going on. So that's that's part of what makes this complicated with just ripping this out. Yes, there might be this AI revolution, you know, where you can recreate some of these modules, but the challenge is you have the systems of record with a lot of these modules and it's not so easy to rip it out. Maybe you might have, you know, some of these modules might have complicated or or complex information like how long you've owned this asset, some sort of depreciation schedule with it. So you you can't just say, "Oh, okay. I'm removing this. you know, this is a car and this, you know, this fleet that I'm thinking about in terms of assets, you know, what's what's it worth now, you know, as you you port that information over. So, you know, let's let's talk about this SAS or software as a service Armageddon. What's going on? Because what we've seen a lot of is this fear that AI is going to disrupt the industry. And I I definitely get it. I think AI is going to disrupt a lot. I'm co-founder of Flash and you know I'm trying to leverage AI to say hey how much of a good job can most cutting edge AI models do in replicating stock analysis and it's getting up there. I'd view it as a junior analyst but I think a lot of folks are saying okay there's there's this vibe coding revolution where people can now create these software modules that compete potentially headon with a company like Service Now. And so that that is the concern that folks have. But I think it is important to take a step back and understand, you know, who are the types of companies that are using something like Service Now. And you might recognize some of these logos. Nvidia, DraftKings, Nintendo, Honda. These are not small companies. Chipotle, AT&T, these are big companies. And you know, these are companies that are generating billions of dollars. And so for them to have a contract that covers a lot of these different modules that keep the lights on for their business and they're paying around $15 million versus billions of dollars in revenue. It's sort of like a rounding error for them. And you can see the number of customers with over $5 million in average contract value. That's been growing quite nicely over time. And you can see the the value for these customers that are on average that are above 5 million have also been increasing over time from 13 million to around four 15 million. So this is an important data point because for these huge companies, yeah, you might be able to vibe code a CRM software solution over a weekend. A very, you know, entrepreneurial uh coder might be able to do that. And I do believe there is this AI revolution happening. It's important to be aware of that. But if you're a big company, you're not going to replace it overnight. You're not going to say, "Well, wait a second. I'm generating billions of dollars. Therefore, I want to go replace, you know, this this thing that cost me $15 million a year." Now, if you're a startup and you're want to build your company from scratch, then anything's on the table. You're looking at vibe coding, this and that. So, it is important to understand these two dynamics. So the core base of business for Service Now, I don't think that's going to be melting away anytime soon unless there's a recession. If there's a recession, then I think a lot of these companies might say, "Okay, well, every dollar counts. What do we actually need to have?" And once again, if you're dealing with critical stuff like IT management, unless it's really easy to rip out and replace with something else, which it's not, then it's going to be super sticky. And that's part of the reason why Service Now has traded at a very high premium over time, you know, over the past few years, that 20 times sales comment that I made earlier. And you could also see it in the data which is that the customer renewal rate is very high nearly 100%. You're talking about 98%. Going back for the past year each quarter around that. Now management saying look there's a lot going on here. They recognize that their stocks getting clobbered and so they say look the speculation of AI will eat software companies is out there but let's clear it up with the facts. Enterprise AI will be so let's just let's take the enterprise software merge it with AI this category enterprise AI will be the largest driver of return on the multi-t trillion dollar super cycle of investment in AI infrastructure the real payoff comes when trillions of tokens which is think about it as the input output of these AI models move beyond pilots to be embedded directly into the workflows where business decisions are made service now is the gateway to this shift and they talk about being a consolidator of hundreds of features that is the modules that I was talking about and function specific software solutions and into this end-to-end business processes with this AI. So they're aiming to be become this AI control tower for business reinvention. They describe themselves as an AI control tower so that way AI can look at each of these different things and say, "Hey, maybe we can orchestrate what's going on." And so this is he addresses why the stock is falling. He goes many people I believe this is Bill McDermott the CEO goes many people ask why our valuation has not kept pace with our results. The short answer is that we have been viewed as a feature think about it as the module oriented software as a software as a service company. We are not living in software as a service neighborhood. We are a platform company executing a long-term platform strategy where AI agents and workflows are harmonious and synonymous creating sustained advantage, not short-term wins. So, I think it's it's important to recognize what he's talking about, which is that you've historically have these modules like HR management or customer support services like we talked about earlier. You have a customer after you've made the sale and then they have a question about the product. Well, now maybe you're empowering that software with AI. And that's what they're talking about, this AI control kit tower. Maybe you can embed AI into the company so it can seize it can it can look at the what's actually driving this business. It could look at the questions that have historically been asked. It can look at the resource that is used to answer the questions and say, you know what, can AI do this job? And maybe what you can do is you can start having wins. And this is one of the things that they called out on the call where you're having situations like with customer support, you no longer need to have as many humans powered to address those answers. And in some cases, I personally haven't seen it. Usually if I have to call customer support with the various different, you know, government business, it's just like, oh my gosh, what a headache. But supposedly that's where a huge amount of improvement is going to come where it's going from 80% people 20% software to now 80% software 20% people sort of at the margin because maybe AI becomes so good that once again you have this AI control tower integrated you know overseeing each of these modules to make sure it's working right and saying hm maybe maybe we can have AI with the the knowledge the data that this company has to answer the support questions. So, this is leaning into that disruption. They believe they're net a winner. Now, I think it is important to recognize even though, you know, that you're going to have this AI revolution and, you know, you're going to have these dynamics where there's, you know, very sticky customers because they say it's just not worth it. The riskreward. Chipotle's in the business of selling more burritos. They're not in the business of trying to figure out how to rip out a $15 million critical software module. That's an aspect until let's say the price of avocados jumped too high and then they're like, "Okay, margins are getting squeezed. All cuts are on the table." Or customers are saying, "Hey, we want more coupons." That's the sort of dynamic when when all cuts are on the table then I suspect and this is this is going to take years these companies will will be in this position where they'll say you know the the Chipotles the Hondas they'll say hm you know are there software modules that are onetenth the price with the same functionality or you know even smaller fraction because it was built so easily but then you have the questions of reliability and brand value, which Service Now has cultivated. This is a hundred billion dollar company. A lot of these brands trust it. That's that's a key aspect of getting their foot in the door. So, there's a lot of different trends. One of which is bigger companies are going to be stickier. They're not looking to disrupt a billion dollar sales for a $10 million, you know, let's say, uh, software piece. But at the margin, I do expect to see pricing pressure over time. And also I think the unit economics are it's it's a dance that's going on right now that Service Now is going to be addressing which is hey we historically sold you like we talked about that customer support you know module in the past. We historically sold you this customer support software module. It was based on a number of seats per seat. Well, that doesn't really work so well. If you go from a business model where it's 80% people to now 20% people, that creates a real potential headwind. Now, management is calling it out as, hey, we can still win because we're charging more for AI. Let's see how that plays out. But that is you're you definitely have these counterbalancing forces. So far, management saying, "Hey, we are still a growing company." And we're going to talk about their guidance in a minute. But it is important to recognize this AI revolution isn't just arguably a positive development for Service Now. The market is looking at this and it's worried about the marginal pressure that it's going to face from either per seat headwinds or competitors saying, "Hey, I can now create this software module that has identical features and I whipped it up in a weekend." And I think you're going to see that from let's say the $5 billion companies, the $10 billion companies where they can say hm this this can be completely additive to us. This can be completely you know margin expanding and as a $5 billion business maybe we have enough of a brand that we can start selling these products that was typically historically service now's territory. So I think you you do have you know that that sort of aspect and I it is important to recognize as well when you do open yourself up to this AI revolution. There are also additional risks that come with it. And for example just in the last few days they talked about how they were patching a critical AI platform flaw that allowed unauthor unauthenticated users you know to access. And so you you obviously don't want AI problems, you know, sort of creating security flaws. Something to be aware of. Okay. So where does Service Now go from here? What are my thoughts? First of all, none of this is financial advice. Just some reflections on the industry, the business itself. Also, quick plug. Andre S, a premium subscriber wrote the following. I've been using your service for more than a year now, and I'm super happy with it. Since I've joined, my portfolio keeps on growing without me having to worry about it. Thank you for the unrivaled investing service and making my life easier. If you're looking for compelling ideas, come check out Unrivaled Investing. So, when we look at Service Now, despite the fact that it's dropping around 12% today, its underlying fundamentals are actually quite compelling. I mean, you're looking at a business where subscription revenue, and this is the vast majority of their sales, is up 21% in the most recent quarter. If you adjust for currency, it's closer to 20%. But either way, I mean, there's fantastic results. And it is important to recognize something. Unlike something like Salesforce, which I did a prior video on, this is a company where the vast majority of their sales is actually organic, meaning it's not from acquisition, Salesforce, I look at their different growth engines, as I called out in the video, and it looks like some of these engines are sputtering, and the only reason why they're able to get some growth in some cases is through acquisition. That is not what we've seen historically with Service Now. And you know, you're looking at a company, this is mostly organic growth. This means they're winning market share or the the modules that they're selling or the features that they're selling, the AI, you know, empowered features is just getting more business. And it's also has just incredible margins. You're talking about 30% plus type of non-GAAP operating margins. I'm not a big fan of these non-GAAP figures because in this case, it's about adding stockbased compensation. Nevertheless, I I think it is important to let's just let's just judge it based on what what they are providing. And the guidance for 2026 is expected continued hyper growth 20% plus for 2026 and continued margin expansion. I mean so they're effectively saying, "Yeah, we're going to crush it, folks. These headwinds that you're worried about, don't worry about it." Not only that, with the stock plummeting, we expect to have an aggressive buyback. They're saying we have a balance sheet of around $10 billion in cash and investments. So, we're authorizing a $5 billion share repurchase and we're expecting to launch a $2 billion accelerated share repurchase program because we're saying, "Yeah, the shares might be a bargain here." I think it is important to recognize when you're looking at the cash flow of this business. Management calls out that they have around 4.5 billion in free cash flow. So, yes, they have real earnings around 1.8 billion, but a large amount of their cash flows is coming from still stockbased compensation, which is around $2 billion. So two out of 4 1.5 billion that's still a lot that's nearly half is coming from employee stockbased compensation and historically as I already mentioned most of their cash is actually you know acrewing on the balance sheet because there's a limited amount of capital expenditures however and there's not a lot in in terms of acquisitions. They did announce a few more acquisitions than they've historically done but overall looking at their track record it's it's not that much. it's it's not really moving the needle. So then the question is okay so you see a business with you know you could look at this 5.4 4 billion in operating cash flows, let's say shy of a billion in capex. So 4 and a.5 billion of free cash flow. What's that worth? Assuming maybe 10 to 18% diluted per share growth going forward. You know, around 25 times because that's roughly what the market is saying right now. It's around $119 billion that $4.5 billion in free cash flow. That does get you to that 25 times. And the stock price is around 114. Now this is my hypothetical framework. Of course, stock prices can go higher or lower, but when I look at this, you know, I'm so I I take management's guidance into consideration for 2026 around 20% growth. And I'm thinking about where their margins could be. This is the optimized sort of gap margins. They're nowhere near this right now. Right now, it's closer to 13%. So, I'm saying, hey, maybe you get to 30% over time, thinking about this from an earnings power perspective. And then I'm also thinking about the cash that is acrewing to shareholders each year with that $4.5 billion. So that's around that 4%. I just look at this and frankly it wouldn't surprise me if the stock bounces just because it's sold off sharply, you know, significantly from here. But I'm I'm also, you know, I'm just not super compelled by it. You know, this is this is a situation where I'm saying 5 years from now somewhere between 20 and 30 times earnings multiple. I'm assuming you know continued sort of teens growth from here. I am assuming some sort of deceleration. I think there will be challenges at the margin. I think you know startup companies will say well wait a second do we really want to go with Service Now and those startups eventually turn into bigger companies. And then if you have a whole new cohort of businesses that don't need to go with legacy software providers because they're building a lot of this themselves that does create challenges down the road. mediate term, I don't think these big companies are going to be ripping it out over a vibe coded solution. And so I I look at this and overall I just don't find it super compelling. I'm sort of saying on the low side and keep in mind my low is very conservative. I'm assuming growth effectively gets cut in half from around 20% to around 11% on a diluted per share basis. And I'm assuming continued multiple contraction to around 20 times and you know from from let's say 25 times you know now and it it's just not it's just not cutting it you know we're getting for roughly break even you know maybe 100% upside. So I think flash when I called it out earlier was thinking you know even more aggre aggressive assumptions. I personally think that there are just better plays out there and it's it's not I think this a at this point a high quality company but I think the valuation at this point is still not at a level where I'm going yeah this is a heads I win tails I don't lose you know much perspective you know heads I win tales I sort of win too I view this as sort of you know heads I win you know 100% maybe a little bit more over the next 5 years tales I sort of break even you know I so I I think there are better ideas out there I call out what I'm personally buying to my subscribers at unrivalinvesting.com and if you've enjoyed this video please make a point of hitting that thumbs up hit that subscribe button if you have used the service now software if you're familiar with it I'd love to hear it in the comments below thanks so much for watching unrivaled investing
