---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: NOW
title: "ServiceNow Stock Split Proves It's Ready to Explode (NOW Stock Analysis)"
channel: "What's Priced In (Wall Street Stock Analysis)"
date: 2026-04-07
video_id: 0kGol2IdAqs
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kGol2IdAqs
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# ServiceNow Stock Split Proves It's Ready to Explode (NOW Stock Analysis)

**Channel**: What's Priced In (Wall Street Stock Analysis)  
**Date**: 2026-04-07  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kGol2IdAqs

## Transcript

I'll get straight to the point. Service Now is going to be the next $1 trillion Mag7 stock and is selling off for no reason. And with the company only expanding and integrating AI across their products, this is going to be the only video you need to watch before the next earnings release. So stick around for my bull versus bare framework. And let's go. Real quick, hit subscribe if you're built different and are looking for high growth setups in 2026. I have years of experience working with buy and sellside investors on Wall Street, and these videos are designed to give you a level up in your investing and trading edge. So, if that sounds interesting, check out the other stock analysis videos, which you can find on the channel playlist. If you've never heard of or used the Service Now platform before, there's only two things you really need to pay attention to. One, they're integrated with almost every major enterprise across the globe, and their customers have a 98% renewal rate with their product, making them one of the most important pieces of enterprise software you can get your hands on. And two, [music] they're trading at only $150 billion in market cap today. But I think that this will be one of the next Mag 7 or potentially MAG8 stocks as they're going to head towards a trillion dollar market cap before we even know it. And that's what we're going to figure out in today's video because the bears think that software is going to zero and will actually be replaced by AI. But I think it's actually creating a fantastic buying opportunity for Service Now because AI is only going to enhance the entire product that they're offering. In fact, the answer to that question might be so obvious that they had to clearly spell it out on their website here. They're starting to transition quickly into what they're calling themselves as the AI control tower. Meaning that you're able to connect every single workflow, every IT issue that you ever had and now including cyber security issues as they've just completed their Armis acquisition, which we're going to talk about the negative stock reaction that they had later in the video. But really, the point I'm trying to make here is that AI is only going to enhance the Service Now offering. An easy way that I'm thinking about Service Now is if they decided to shut their product off tomorrow, business would essentially cease to exist as the current product that they're offering connects to any AI, any data, any workflow, and it's claiming to solve any IT issue, which I've had firsthand experience, as I'm sure many of you had. This is an essential piece of software that's only seen impressive growth rates. And we have to give a huge shout out to Bill Mcder, the current CEO of Service Now. He's been with the company since 2019 and he's definitely behind all of the AI transformation that they've been going through and he also wants to make it as obvious as possible that this is a massive buying opportunity as they just completed their 5for one stock split and they're really doubling down on the fact that they think that they're going to form a near-term bottom and certainly reacelerate with the fact that they're integrating AI across the entire control tower which is their software. So, now that we've laid the groundwork for what Service Now is, I think it's really important for everybody to understand just how impressive the revenue growth has been over the past 20 years. If you actually look at the top hand side of my screen, that bar chart is their topline revenue each quarter. And this chart, I almost thought it was made up because you can see at the bottom of the screen in purple there is their year-over-year growth rate. There hasn't been a single negative decline in revenue in the entire company's history. And I just want to repeat that one more time. It's absolutely insane that this company has not seen a negative growth rate in revenue. And if you wonder how you do it, the answer is still simple. It's because it's a one-of-one technology that really offers a highle overview to every issue that your enterprise faces and offers the solution of how to fix it. And on top of that, customers love them and they've only seen those cohorts and the revenue generated from each customer grow over time. As we're going to continue to discuss, they're integrating AI across absolutely everything, and they're becoming the all-in-one software to the point where they claim you only need the Service Now platform to run the entire company. And I really want to pound the table here on Service Now because if we actually compare them to the other top software stocks, they've had a really impressive run rate against other comparable companies. They've actually grown their topline revenue at a compound growth rate. Meaning the growth rate that they see every single year for the past five years at 25% which is the highest in the group. And if we look out over the next 3 years all the way out to 2028 how that's trending. They're second in line uh only underneath Oracle. So I think it's safe to say that their revenue growth is definitely not in question at all. As we know the bare argument is still that AI is going to completely eat enterprise software. If we actually compare this to how Service Now has trended against Wall Street expectations. Remember guys, this is on a 10-year chart at the top of my screen. It's the beat versus misshistory uh against Wall Street expectations with the green dots obviously meaning that they beat expectations. But there's two things I really actually want to point out here is one they've only had one single miss in the entire last decade. Um and that was all the way back in 2018. And the second being that they're only seeing higher expectations and they're only seeing higher beats over time. And this is at the same time that they're supposed to be seeing a decline in sales because everybody is just getting rid of enterprise software because they can make it themselves using chat GBT. If you've been following my channel for a while now, it's the same story and setup that we've seen covering Uber, Adobe, and Salesforce where if we actually have a look now at the bottom of my screen, the blue line is the next 12 month uh expectations over time of their EPS and the black line is a share price. And this is the exact same setup that we saw in 2023, guys, where because the fact that this company is only becoming more profitable over time and only generating higher growth rates that the shares quickly rebounded once we see that the fact that stocks do follow earnings. And I think we're seeing a similar setup today where as long as the blue line continues to trend up over time, we should see the shares eventually rebound here as there's a huge disconnect between where the direction of earnings are going versus the actual shares that are trading on the stock market. So, if you can't tell by this point in the video, I'm super bullish on Service Now. And just to make this point as obvious as possible, guys, if we have a look at more Wall Street expectations uh across their year-over-year growth rates going out to 2030, looking at things from sales, gross profit, all the way down to net income. Once again, I don't see a single negative growth rate on this entire chart with the average being of around 20% every single year. And this is the part of the story that gets really exciting in my opinion. If we actually switch over now to looking at uh the price per share, which is the top line on my chart, I'm going to look at the EV to EBIDA multiple on the next 12-month basis, which in my opinion I think the market has respected historically. And the reason I say that is if we actually have a look at and see that this stock has only continued to go up over time. Um but if we look at that on how that has compared to its valuation looking at the bottom side of my screen there every time that the EV to EBIDA multiple has traded below 30 times uh which we are well below that level today and we compare that to the top chart again of the share price we could see that in 2016 that actually marked the absolute bottom and was the best time to buy this company and more recently as we discussed all the way back in 2022 the same setup and all the way to today guys where in my opinion I think that the fundamentals are only more bullish than they for over the past prior two dips. Uh we're trading at that 28 times earnings, guys. And I think that this is a pound the table moment and back up the truck and start buying. If you found this video valuable so far, drop a like and a comment and share these videos with your friends as I work full-time and make these videos for free. And I'm giving you guys these high growth setups that I hope you wish to follow with me going into 2026. So, before we get into the chart, let's quickly recap the factors that we've discussed this far in the video. I think that Service Now is definitely going to be a trillion dollar company at some point. uh given the fact that they're one of the most important pieces of enterprise software. They have an incredible renewal rate and their customers are some of the most important companies on the planet and they're only going to get a huge cheat code once Service Now is able to integrate their AI offerings. And I think this blows the bare argument completely out of the water where they think that AI is only going to continue to eat software and everybody's going to be able to replicate Service Now using a thing such as Chat GBT. Uh, and the other argument that we're going to talk about right now on the chart is the fact that they did complete their largest acquisition ever with Armis, which is a cyber security enhancement that they claim will only be a a net benefit to their customers. If we look on the right hand side of my screen there, there was a big gap on the weekly chart that formed uh back in December. That was the day that they announced the acquisition. And a lot of investors are a little worried for good reason as they do believe that Service Now overpaid for the price of the company. At the same time that people believe Service Now should only focus on delivering IT and customer relationship management software that a add-on of a cyber security platform is only going to confuse investors and possibly dilute earnings. But let's say for the sake of this video this acquisition goes completely nowhere and they lost $7.5 billion. It doesn't take away from the fact that this company is only generating more revenue, more EPS, and more free cash flow. And that all ties into my bold thesis on the chart here. If we stick with that weekly chart, you can see all my key moving averages that I have on my screen. And if I scroll out here, and I think that at this point in time, if everything remains [music] consistent and no black swan events come out or something materially changes with the Service Now story, because they're only going to continue improve their offering, that if they happen to trend down to $128 a share, which is that black moving average on my chart there, that's exactly where price had bottomed historically back in 2022, guys. And this is consistent with what we just talked about with that EV to EBIDA multiple where if this line did have more price history, that was the same point in time where it did bottom all the way back in 2016. So, if we do happen to get to anything below $130 a share, guys, I'm backing up the truck on this stock and buying as many shares as I can. So, let me know if you agree with my take below, if you are also buying Service Now. Or if you guys want to see any other stocks, leave your comments below and check out the other stock analysis videos which you can see on the screen now.
