---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: PLTR
title: "Is Palantir's valuation justified?"
channel: "CNBC Television"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: _eSvCpVueFU
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_eSvCpVueFU
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Is Palantir's valuation justified?

**Channel**: CNBC Television  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_eSvCpVueFU

## Transcript

I got Palantir really hit the ball out of the park with Q3 earnings. That's the view from a majority of sell-side analysts that cover the stock. The only challenge is how to value Palantir and how much of its growth is already priced into the stock. Jefferies writing that the numbers are great. Valuation is quote extreme at 83 times 2026 sales. Canter Fitzgerald writing that we continue to be impressed by its products, business model, execution. Our neutral rating's only informed by relative valuation adding that Palantir trades at about five times higher versus other names in the infrastructure software sector. CEO Alex Karp joined CNBC. Here's what he had to say about valuation. They thought Palantir was overvalued at 10. They thought it was overvalued at 20. I'm not even here saying what the valuation is. I'm just saying find a company in the world that has a rule of 114, that has US commercial growing at 121%, that aggregate growth in the US is 77%, that is throwing off free cash flow in a way that's anonymous, and that is fully aligned with our customers. Karp also blasted big short famed investor Michael Burry of Scion who revealed in a filing last night that he's shorting Palantir and Nvidia to which Karp said quote the idea that chips and ontologies what you want to short is crazy. Going forward investors will be watching government revenue growth for Palantir which did decelerate slightly from 53% to 52% quarter on quarter. Jefferies analysts add that the ongoing government shutdown likely lowers the number of new contracts getting done, Frank. All right, Arsheema Modi with the very latest on Palantir. Those shares one of the biggest drags on the S&P right now. Joe, I want to come over to you. You're a Palantir shareholder in the JOET ETF. What do you make of the reaction in the stock after very strong earnings? I do want to point out there was also a warning on a Korean exchange about SK Hynix that seemed to spook the markets in addition to those comments from the Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs CEO. But what do you make of this reaction? Uh valuation was the impediment. I said it yesterday. 85 times sales, 200 plus times earnings. And apparently this morning um the marketplace is paying attention to that. Now, if there's something embedded in the earnings report for you to be particularly troubled by, I mentioned yesterday that I thought the international expansion was very favorable. Well, to hear uh Alex Karp say that growth is being held down by a stagnant Europe, okay. That's somewhat troubling. But I think overall you have to look at this from the perspective of how do you think about positioning here? And unfortunately in fantasy land it's very easy to say, "Okay, I'm going to make money being long." Or guess what? "I'm going to make money being short." I think probably what's in front of you is that both sides are going to be disappointed, both the longs and the shorts. If you have the ability to be really fast in markets and go in there and you know take a short position, I think the the high yesterday was 207. That's the all-time high. If you think this stock could fall 150, 160, okay, great. Congrat- congratulations. You probably should be managing a hedge fund. But that's very difficult to do. If you're thinking about selling short on the premise that this stock is going to go back down to 40 or 30 dollars, the fundamentals just aren't there to suggest it. So look, we entered this stock in January of 24 at 16 dollars. Frank, we have an 1,100% gain in it. And the reason that we entered the stock had nothing to do with me being a genius in analyzing the balance sheet and fundamentals. It had to do with momentum. And I'll be very candid about that. And the momentum has remained in place in this stock. And I don't know where we're going to exit. I never anticipated we're going to have an 1,100% gain. I don't know. Maybe the gain's going to be hopefully 400% or 500% by the time we're out of the stock. But momentum guided us in and momentum's guided us out. And I'm going to be very clear about that. And I think ultimately when you're looking at positioning in this stock, you have to understand that this might be entering a period where it's going to disappoint everyone and move in a sideways pattern after these earnings report. You know, Joe, I want to come over to you. You're saying if you're looking for something to nitpick it was some of the stagnation in Europe. But if you look at the US commercial business up 121% year over year, operating margin expanding quite a bit. It was over 50% this quarter, 34% a year ago. Doesn't that really overshadow some stagnation I guess over in Europe? I mean the fact that commercial customers are adopting and we know that Palantir has been one of the better performers using their boot camps to to drive adoption. I've I actually talked to a number of companies that use their software. They seem to not only understand ontology but just the use of this software and a lot of them say it helps you expand margins which is supposed to be one of the big base cases here. >> nobody's denying any of that. There's not one person There's not one person looking at Palantir saying anything about like the health of the business. Joe is exactly right. The entirety of the debate is how much have investor how much growth have investors already pulled forward into the the valuation that they're currently paying. Like Like this company is obviously on fire. And it's actually kind of weird to me how defensive Alex Karp seems to be because people who are real investors in the AI space lionize him personally and worship um this company's execution. Like I don't I don't know of anyone in the AI world that's like ah Palantir, no big deal. People are losing their minds over how well this company's doing. What he's worried about is I guess a couple of people come on TV here and there and they're bearish on Palantir because of the uh just because of the stock price and the valuation. And he seems to be really fixated on that. But it doesn't make sense to me because they're killing it. Every Frank, all those metrics and I have 50 more in front of me. No other company to his point no other company is executing at the level that they are in this space. And I guess like a more Buffett-esque response would be we take care of the business, the share price will take care of itself. Especially considering he said he has 880 million dollars still on the the buyback. Wouldn't you want the stock to come in? If that unless you're issuing stock, I don't even understand why you would want um a higher and higher and higher valuation. You're buying stock back. Let people be bearish. Let people sell it. One One other point Frank, if I can make one other point >> Yeah, go ahead. The other thing that I've learned over over many decades is when you have an individual equity name like this that becomes a battleground stock, that becomes so prominent in the headlines, it doesn't mean if you don't have a position you have to engage. You have to take a position. In fact, it means the opposite. It actually is a signal to step away and let the marketplace do what it needs to do. Let the marketplace maybe work off some of the extreme valuation. Let the strong fundamentals which I agree with it that Josh is citing come into play. But that happens over the course of time. And you don't need to race ahead of time and establish a position just because everyone's talking so much about it. That's detrimental behavior. Yeah, by the way, while we're talking about positioning Michael Burry has been on Twitter since some of these earlier reports come out. He seems to be saying he's not shorting the stock. He has puts almost a billion dollars worth of puts. He kind of put out some funny tweets about that. So I think a lot of people have been saying shorting including Alex Karp. But it's puts about a billion dollars. He also seemed to reference the 13Fs perhaps being backwards looking. So Jim, I want to come over to you with that in mind. >> Yeah, I think what I I felt kind of like Joe and Josh were talking to me as a typical investor who's not in Palantir. And I thank you guys for that insight. >> But Josh, I mean you get you get you know what I'm about to say, right? First off, you Mr. Karp and and Mr. Burry both have eloquent points. And they both might be right. It's a question of timing. For somebody in my shoes who doesn't own it, the problem is I can't take investors hard-earned money and put it to work at 200 times earnings on the fear that it goes down to 120 times earnings and those investors turn to me and say, "Well, why did you buy it at the price you bought it?" And I don't have a good reason other than momentum which has worked very well for you, Joe, and I compliment you continuously on it. It works for you. It is your style. Um but I do want to address something, you know, I just said that both Mr. Both Mr. Karp and Mr. Burry can be right. The thing about Mr. Burry that viewers need to understand, he is so well practiced in waiting, far more so than the average viewer and the average short investor is used to. So he's out here saying, "Yeah, I'm just buying puts." There is a cost to puts. And you know, those puts expire and then you have to decide to re-up them. Mr. Burry, as I said, has an exquisite track record and there's a great movie, The Big Short, in which you know, this is on display of waiting. The average investor can't wait that long and that's why shorting or in this case buying puts is awfully dangerous for a stock that's growing earnings per share at 50%. >> Burry is also very Burry is also very responsible. He tells people, "I'm not your financial advisor. Don't follow me into trades." >> Yeah. He Look, there's a lot of people There's a lot of people who get personal satisfaction out of being very publicly right and tweeting out a position and just saying, "Watch this." And not saying, "Come do this with me." And I like that Michael Burry comes out and says, "Guys, this is not a game that you should be playing with me. But I still want to tell you what I'm doing." He also says he Look, he's been wrong like everyone else on Earth. And he says, "I was wrong." He said He said go to cash in the middle of last year right before like one of the biggest phases of this bull run. I think he had puts on Nvidia in January that he was talking about. Like it doesn't always work out. He's willing to be public with his positions. Maybe it's interesting to some market participants, but if you think he's your financial advisor, dude, you're losing perspective. It's just a guy doing his own trades. And I I respect him for for keeping himself honest. I think I also respect him even more for warning people, this is not a game for everybody to be playing.
