---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: PLTR
title: "Is the Bubble Bursting With Palantir Stock? | PLTR Stock Analysis"
channel: "Parkev Tatevosian, CFA"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: 1Am_lzTHPNE
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Am_lzTHPNE
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Is the Bubble Bursting With Palantir Stock? | PLTR Stock Analysis

**Channel**: Parkev Tatevosian, CFA  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Am_lzTHPNE

## Transcript

On November 3rd, 2025, I made a video telling investors not to buy Palunteer stock. I highlighted what a great business it was and highlighted all of its excellent performance metrics, including accelerating revenue growth, expanding profit margins, increasing cash flow from operations to sales, and excellent and super premium return on invested capital. All of which were absolutely excellent. and the company's latest quarterly financial results were also excellent. But at that point in time, Palunteer stock was trading at a share price of around $213. It has since fallen from $212 when I told investors not to buy all the way down to $166 today. So why is Palanteer stock crashing and is it a buying opportunity? That's the question I'll answer in this video. I want to thank the mly full for sponsoring this video. Visit fool.com/parkkev for the 10 best stocks to buy now. So you can see the price chart here for Palunteer stock over the last 6 months. Even after this decline over the previous uh couple of weeks or so from 213 down to 166, it's still up over 31% over the previous 6 months. And it's still up over 118% year-to- date in 2025. And that's the primary reason why I highlighted to investors not to buy this stock. And just to share with you the details, I keep track of all of my ratings and recommendations for transparency. And so you can see how these recommendations have performed over time, unlike other YouTubers who continue to talk about the stocks that they recommended that are doing well and then completely avoid discussing any of their recommendations that have underperformed. I keep track of all of my ratings and recommendations on this spreadsheet here as well as the date that I made the recommendation so we can all keep track and observe the performance. So on November 3rd, I reiterated the hold rating or reinvigorated the rating of do not buy Palente or stock. And my reasoning was that the price was too expensive. And whether I measured the company using the forward price to earnings ratio or if I evaluated the company utilizing my proprietary discounted cash flow model, the stock looked overvalued. In fact, following the company's latest quarterly financial performance, I upgraded the free cash flow expectations for this company and I downgraded the risk profile of this company. If you're wondering how I downgrade the risk profile of a company, what I do is I multiply the beta of the company by a number smaller than one. In Palunteer's case, I multiplied the beta by.8. 8 suggesting that this company I feel is now only 80% as risky as it was last year or measured over the previous 3 years or previous 5 years. The excellent performance in recent quarters has decreased the riskiness of this business in my viewpoint and so I'm downgrading the company's risk profile by adjusting the beta lower. When I adjust the beta lower, it decreases the weighted average cost of capital, which is the denominator I use to discount all of the company's expected future free cash flow back to the current point in time, the current moment. And so even after I upgraded some of those metrics for Palanteer following its excellent performance, the intrinsic value per share increased but only up to $70. And when I made that video on November 3rd, you saw that the price was over $213. So my proprietary valuation framework showed a business worth 70 that was trading at three times over three times the intrinsic value per share. And even today, at a current market price of 165, after it's down roughly $50 from its all-time high, it's still trading at more than 2x the intrinsic value per share I calculated for this business. And if you look at it on a forward price to earnings basis, it looks equally as expensive, trading at a forward PE of over 200 and a forward price to OCF of over 200. Regardless of the valuation metric I use for Palunteer stock, it looks overvalued. And so despite the company having excellent prospects, which I've included in my estimates of the company's free cash flow, in fact, I'm forecasting that the company's free cash flow will increase from 1.9 billion in 2025 all the way up to 35 billion in 2035. So, I'm estimating an almost 20x increase in the company's free cash flow between now and 2035. I'm also estimating a long-term growth rate for the company at 6%. This is among the highest long-term growth rates I've applied to any company I'm following, and I cover over 200, closer to 300 companies today. The only other company I've applied a larger growth rate to in the long run is Tesla at 7%. Most companies I apply a long-term growth rate at 3%. Which is the rate I expect businesses can grow sustainably over a very long period of time. Think 3, four, five decades. I don't expect very many businesses will be able to grow at faster than 3% because that means they're essentially permanently increasing market share and increasing wallet share from consumers and businesses which is unsustainable. You run out of growth over the very long term. But for Palanteer, I've given them the benefit of the doubt here. given their longer runway for growth, given how excellent their business prospects are in the categories they're facing, I've given them a 6% growth rate. So even after those applications of robust growth and a decreased weighted average cost of capital, the intrinsic value per share still comes to $70 when the current market price is 165. So, I still view this business as overvalued, even though the prospects are excellent. And if you look at the company's most recently completed quarter, I don't think I've seen a quarter with such great results that experienced a decrease in share price. And when I did the earnings review video for Palanteer, I highlighted that fact. like this was an excellent quarter, but the price decreased anyways following the results and it all points to valuation. The company's excellent prospects have almost completely already been priced into the valuation. So it needs to perform to near perfection for a long period of time I think before the valuation can increase from this point because it's already so richly valued my opinion and based on my research. So today I'll update my hold rating on Palunteer stock. Even at this value even after falling $50 a share I don't see this as a buying opportunity. I still see this at a great business that's selling at a price that's well above its intrinsic value. So, it's already incorporating its excellent prospects. I would wait for a better price to buy this stock. Hey, thanks for watching. I truly respect every viewer who takes the time to seek qualified financial analysis. Unfortunately, there are a lot of unqualified voices online giving unsubstantiated stock advice. My goal is to provide research that's grounded in data and professional training, not just what's popular. For those new here, I hold a master's degree in financial economics. I'm a CFA charter holder, an author, an adject professor of finance and economics. I've spent nearly a decade researching stocks professionally, and I'm here to help you make informed investing decisions. If you found value in this analysis, make sure to subscribe and consider joining the channel as a member for early access and indepth membersonly content.
