---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: PLTR
title: "Palantir C.E.O. Alex Karp Defends Aiding Trump’s Immigration Policies"
channel: "The New York Times and New York Times Events"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: 8i-ys9faa74
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8i-ys9faa74
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Palantir C.E.O. Alex Karp Defends Aiding Trump’s Immigration Policies

**Channel**: The New York Times and New York Times Events  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8i-ys9faa74

## Transcript

[music] [music] Please welcome Andrew Ross. Sorcin and his guest, co-founder and CEO of Palanteer, Alex Karp. [music] [applause] >> Good morning everybody. Palanteer's Alex Karp is here and we are going to get into it. Alex, thank you for being here. Um, Palanteer is named uh after uh the seeing stones in JRR's Tolken's Lord of the Rings. Uh Palencier has a complicated, let's say sometimes secretive, controversial business that helps the US uh and other countries and governments around the world make sense of complicated data. That's what they do. Its business has soared in the age of artificial intelligence. Today, it is among the top 30 most valuable companies in the world. It is worth 4400 billion dollars. And after October 7th, Karp has been perhaps singularly the most outspoken CEO in America to support Israel. week after the attack he took out a full page ad in this newspaper the New York Times had four words on it said Palanteer stands with Israel should say the IDF and MSAD are clients of Palunteer but there are a lot of questions about what they are doing here in the US including their contract with ICE and their work around the world and we are going to talk about all of it Alex thank you for being with us >> couldn't imagine why we're controversial couldn't imagine >> let let's discuss this because I think um and I I mean this By the way, I see that as we're on the side of I mean, you know, when you when you support allies in funny on in Israel, which I guess typically is the most controversial in public, honestly, interestingly, often the least controversial in private um is uh it's like it doesn't actually, and I do support all those things, it doesn't actually mean that you support every decision. It means you support them having a superior position to their adversaries. I mean that that really starts with America which is you know I think one of the the real problems that you know the non-controversial companies have is they can't admit what they think in private which is they believe what they're doing is better and superior to what other people are doing. I want to get into all of that but I'll tell you where I want to start. I want to start with this. You wrote a book last year called the technological republic and you quote Samuel Huntington in it and you that argues the following argues that the rise of the west was not made possible quote by the superiority of its ideas or values or religion but rather by its superiority in applying organized violence. What do you mean by that? And is that what Palanteer ultimately does? Well, I I I think one of the most interesting about that about the quotes that quote is it's indisputably and obviously true. >> And you you genuinely believe that the US this idea of ideas, values, religion has nothing to do with it. You think it really is about organizing violence? >> No, no, no. Sorry. I didn't say that our ideas aren't important. Obviously, I I come from an academic family and I was planning to be an academic before I realized it was worthless and I'd be better at building things. Um but >> we should talk about that, too. But um but like okay one of the biggest one of the biggest problems we have in our elite institutions especially our IV leagues is this indisputable truth that no one would listen to the superior of our ideas if our ability to organize in violence was inferior that every single person in the world believes outside of the faculty of Harvard and certainly all of our adversaries know to be true is viewed as something that's kind of worthy of great discussion and dispute. And the primary reason they dispute it honestly is because at their core they they want to undermine the superiority of western values which are meritocracy, rule of law, accepting that inputs and outputs are not the same that are the basis of building the superiority on the military on the military plane. >> You think that the university culture is trying to undermine that? Well, I think it's one of I think it's moved from the 50s where it was trying to explain why our constitution is the best way to organize our lives, not others. Why why meritocracy is necessary even if it means letting in immigrants to your institution. Uh why why inputs and outputs aren't the same, why the first, second, third, fourth amendment are are are unique and why it was worth standing up for these values has literally been transformed especially in the humanities departments too. Of course, none of that could work because no one like us is good at doing that basically. I mean, that's like and therefore it could the whole thing couldn't work and and downstream of that is enormous dysfunction and you see this all in all sorts of issues. Our primary and most important adversary I say adversary consciously and not enemy I is China and we will decide AI and the ability to implement it on the battlefield primarily will decide the values i.e the the norms, the laws, and the spirit of the laws that are imposed upon us across the globe. And if you think for a minute they believe anything that of the that we're being taught in our idiotic faculty, you are even more idiotic than the professors teaching you. And and I'll tell you, if you actually believe in these values, again, I'm not a neoconi. Never was. That's why I'm skeptical of immigration because I don't think cultural all this cultural assimilation hasn't worked in the last 50 years. And that's an obvious truth. You're also not allowed to say I'm skeptical of imposing values on other people. I never believed we could we should or try to make the Arab Middle East Wilsonian uh people like a Wilsonian ideal imposed upon them. I if you believe for a second that anyone else outside this country believes that we are going to defend our values without superiority and moral violence, you you're just living in a world that doesn't exist. It does not exist. and no matter how much you try to impose it on the rest of us, it still won't exist. >> Okay. I want to talk about you for a second and your own politics and your shift in politics. By the way, there's a piece in the Washington Post about you this morning that gets into some of this. Um, you grew up >> only because I have great respect for you. I don't interrupt you immediately. I didn't shift my politics. The political parties have shifted their politics. The the idea that what's being called progressive is in any way progressive is a complete farce. I've been progressive since the beginning of Palunteer. I'm continue to be progress. I grew up in a highly intellectually intellectual mostly Jewish incredibly left-wing environment. And every Saturday and every Friday I heard a lecture about how the conservatives are going to destroy this country with illegal immigration because it's going to undermine the fabric of the American worker. That was 50 years ago. That's what be means to be a progressive. Being progressive doesn't mean just oh I oh it feels so good to be involved in dysfunction things that can never work a form of socialism that's never worked having no meritocracy that's not progressive that's pretend that's honestly cowardly and most people on very half my old party knows it they don't speak up it's it will never work and it does not help you know the biggest problem with that is it's not helping the poor people that they claim to hurt if you think that's helping a black person in the inner city you're ridiculous the Last thing anyone in this country needs is a dysfunctional educational system and handouts that have never worked and are not going to work. >> Okay. Let me let me ask you though because I know you say you you didn't shift your view, but I I do want to read you something that that appears as if you shifted your view. Uh this is back in 2017 uh about Trump. You said, quote, "I respect nothing about the dude. It would be hard to make up someone I find less appealing." You know, there's a lot of things that are about quoted about me that were like not quoted in public. Like in this book that you know, my there's tons and tons of quotes. I'll give you a different version of this. A lot of these quote not you're not really doing this and I have a actually we've been at this for almost a decade and he was kind enough to interview me when I was a complete clown and joke to everyone else besides me and our mly crew of Palunteer and I greatly appreciate that. Uh um one of the biggest lessons and just a slight detour to to the wonderful and very important country of Germany that is seeming to be crashing its German functionality and competence into a plane uh into a like uh into the ground of political correctness that it somehow can't escape for historical reasons. Um the minute you judge somebody by anything but the issues you agree with. So in Germany, the Green Party and the Socialist have convinced the majority party they can never vote with the far right on immigration. I care about two issues. I care about immigration and reestablishing the deterrent capacity of America without being a colonialist neocon view. And on those two issues, those two issues, this president has performed. And those are the two issues I care about. So, what were the issues that you you you didn't agree with when when you said he was not an appealing dude before? >> Well, what was that? >> Well, first of all, you're quoting somebody who's quoting me off the record that's in the public record. I care about two issues. I am not going to be proxy coraled into having no power by something of like, well, I care about these two issues. He's def he by the way, I was a supporter of the Democratic Party. What two issues did the Democratic Party not perform on? Does anyone think the Democratic Party performed on migration or deterrence? That's crazy. You could now you could care about different issues. I'm pro-choice. It's not my number one issue. I'm pro I'm wildly progay rights. It's not my number one issue. The minute you allow yourself to be coraled into I disagree with this person. I disagree. You've basically transferred your power to one party. Palanteer and I am not transferring my power of power power and our influence which honestly you know the main mainstream media at the Washington Post and at the New York Times doesn't always like me. That's great because you know who does like me? About 10 million people primarily dudes in this country. And you know what? I'm going to use my whole influence to make sure this country stays skeptical on migration and has a deterrent capacity that it only uses selectively. >> Okay. Let me ask you this, and this goes to maybe um I don't if it has to do with just being a blunt instrument, compassion, what have you. I think you could argue uh in terms of immigration policy that you don't want to have illegal immigrants in the country or you want to prevent illegal immigrants from coming into the country, etc. We are now seeing uh ICE working its way around the country. Um and oftentimes uh folks taking people ripping people off the streets with masks on. you and Palanteer are working hand in hand with ICE. You that's public. What do you make of that? What do you make of the It's not necessarily the policy, but the approach to the policy. >> Let me give you my critique of what I would call I think you're this questioning is proxy culpable of our country has selective empathy for everybody but working class particularly white males. So when you look at when you look at coverage in mainstream newspapers about the constitutionality of blowing up boats that are bringing fentinol here, I guarantee you if that fentinol was killing people at schools we went to present potentially your kids are going to, it would be constitutional to blow up those boats. There is selective MI instrument instrumental uh use of of of empathy that somehow is only applied at the point where it would help to the idea of what >> sorry sorry you asked the question you're going to get the full answer you don't want the the full answer you don't want you brought me on stage you know what you're getting okay it's uh and by the way I'm on stage and I know a lot of the people on stage sponsoring this are skeptical of me you know why I'm on stage here Because at Palanteer and I would encourage you to think of this, I divide the world into Palunteer essentially in Palunteer derangement syndrome, Palanteer skeptics and Palanteer haters. My biggest fans started off as Palanteer skeptics and Palanteer haters. I believe that someday almost everyone in this audience is going to agree with me. You may not like me now, but you're going to agree later. And I'll also tell you something. Look to the left, look to the right. The person you think is offended by this actually agrees with me. That is 100% true. >> Okay. Well, okay. Sorry. And yeah, it's 100% true. And keep that in mind. I would tell you I will tell you a secret that I hope the New York Times and the Washington Post doesn't listen to. Okay. Sorry. Let me I >> I just want to bring us back to this one issue, which is No, no. You talked about the rule of law and you talked about uh things being constitutional. And so, here we are. We're talking about these uh boats, for example, that were blown up, right? And uh whether you have empathy for them or not given uh the folks who are getting uh you know killed by fentanyl the question is whether this is being done on a constitutional basis and being done in the right way and if it's not being done in the right way how you feel about that >> of course but part of the reason why I like this questioning is the more constitutional you want to make it the more precise you want to make it the more you're going to need my product. So you keep pushing on making it constitutional. I'm totally supportive of that. You know, a constitutional you would need to understand where the where the things are going, how are they going, under what conditions, where do they belong. But I'm asking you just as a person on a on a sort of both sort of a moral basis as a human when you see people, young people, uh, mothers and fathers and families getting ripped apart with the masks on with the ice folks. How you what you think of that? >> Of course. But you're this is you're at this point you're abusing empathy because I of course don't like that, right? I no one likes that. No American. This is the fairest, least bigoted, most open-minded culture in the world. If you Okay. >> But if you don't like and you say, "Hey, government, you and >> you going to let me finish, please." Okay. So, in this country, it you have 1% of the country in prison. 1% who were in prison and therefore have no rights. Do you know what happens to you when you go to prison? They take you away from your kids. You know who that happens to? Disproportionately workingass, disproportionately black and Hispanic men and white men in the underclass. Where are the thousands of articles about them? Nobody cares. And they don't care because it does not either serve the ability the the the desire to force me to vote for one party, which basically takes away all my power. That's effectually what it does. If I agree to say this is the worst thing in the world, I essentially have given up my vote. My vote is not for you. My vote is for these two issues. The second reason they don't care is because somehow no one has empathy with any of those people because no one none of us really deal with those people. At Palunteer, we are on the side of workingclass Americans. We support people who go to the military. We save their lives. We bring them home safer. Our AI actually makes workers more wealthy, more valuable. And the 10 to 15 million people that love me despite what's written, half of them made a lot of money on us. And you know what they're like? They're like people like me who think, you know what, we have to do better. Of course, we have to do better. >> What do What do you say to this then? Take me out of it. Take the media out of it. There's a group of 13 former Palunteer employees who wrote an open letter to you and they stated, quote, that Palunteer's leadership has abandoned its founding ideals. We have 5,000 ex-perarians and 4,000 current Palunteerians. And by the way, we encourage a culture of disagreement, which you know exists. Anyone can come visit us. You'll find half the people disagreeing with me at least on any issue. But I just want to say we have 5,000 exp Palanteerians. You have 13. Half of whom were like in the humanities department of Palunteer, which is a little bit like being in the printing press part of New York Times. A very important part, but no one's really listening to your opinion. So it's like it's yeah, you know, if you if you have an organization, I'll tell you what, a lot of Palunteerians Palunteerians are mostly uncomfortable. Most Palunteerians are like you. I Okay, I don't know who you are because of course because you're an objective journalist, but um they broadly are okay with they they like the work we do in Ukraine. By the way, could Europeans finally stick up for us since we're basically the between us and Russia? Uh and um but they they're very proud of that in general, although that's also very controversial in non- elite circles. That's important to remember. They're pretty okay with Israel stuff, especially since a lot of the BS written about us on the right primarily, not primarily on the left. that somehow we're doing facial recognition stuff and we're building a database. Any technical person knows that's BS. By the way, if you've heard that and you believe that, listen to the person who told you that, do 10 minutes of research and you'll see who has credibility for >> speak to that directly though because people talk about surveillance. They they immediately say surveillance palunteer that you are helping the US government in a massive surveillance program given the amount of data that's coming in from all sorts of different agencies. First thing before I I will absolutely get to that the biggest misconception about Palunteer is none of this Palunteer is an absolute dominant juggernaut in US commercial and AI. Our pro our revenue grew 121% the most important metric in enterprise software. We have the highest number ever recorded. It's well over 2x any number that would be highly respectable. So we're like the Michael Jordan on the the numbers in US commercial. And that really pisses a lot of people off. That's true. Most of our mic most of our money 75% of our revenue comes from America that's growing 77% and most of our market cap comes from that. So like we are just crushing it in the most meritocratic environment in the world US commercial. Okay. So the surveillance stuff I you know of course you know there there's the paleianist version of it which you know which is like our product could never be abused. What is true is that we are highly ethical but don't believe us on that. the the instrument. We are not obviously not building a database. We're not I mean the most absurd one is we've built a database in Israel. We're bringing here. Okay, that is complete nuts. First of all, we were in this country from the very beginning. And second of all, you don't need us to build a database. That's like, oh, I I'm I'm like I have a ruler so I can a ruler and a pencil so I can do math. Oh, I got a calculator, you know. So, it's just that's like you're you're selling your people like corn syrup, cornflakes or something. Okay. So, you get to the big issue. Are we building a database that can be used for surveillance? No. Okay. But the more subtle version is if you're legally surveiled, we don't even really work heavily with the the FBI or DOJ. Could you put the could you put it in our product? Yes. It are our enemies surveiled using data that goes into our product 100%. And I completely support that. The most interesting thing about the lie uh that we are doing this is not that our product couldn't be abused. Any workable technology that's ever been built has been abused. Electricity has been abused. Gasoline engines have been abused. Okay. But our product is the single hardest product in the world to abuse because every single step that you take is absolutely transparent. So if you want to abuse if you want to use our product to abuse human rights, you've created a record of you doing it. I can tell you and this is the part where you can get into the low trust environment and you don't have to believe me. the the environments that abuse data in this world mostly sigen meaning from satellites have never liked our product and we were the first place to act we are the first and to my extent uh to my knowledge only company that said we're not going to work in Russia we're not going to work in China and by the way on the issue everyone would think for because they somehow think I'm like only care about you know they we were the first company to say we would not build a Muslim bet database and we ended contracts in this country with with institutions that were essentially there to surveil Muslim Americans. And the only the primary reason for these attacks is on the far left uh people are like they do not like us because we stand for meritocracy independent of all variables. We stand for the rule of law. We stand for competence and we we call out the complete that that that this okay on the far right they don't like us because they think I'm somehow a Jewish conspiracy because two of the four or five co-founders are Jewish. I'm like okay great you know a lot of Jews are successful. It's not all conspiracy. It is a fact. Those are just the facts. um you mentioned >> and I'm a little bit pissed at the New York Times honestly but since you and the main reason is I believe I believe in your if you're listening I believe in your mission when you write a technically completely illiterate article you lose a lot of credibility if people are technical and that's just a fact that article about us being a surveillance thing you is like where it's all implied what we do yeah but the problem is you lose credibility with anyone who goes on the thing and then and that's damaging for our democra Let me ask you this question though. Is there a red line for you? Meaning if you saw your software being used in a way that you genuinely believed was unconstitutional or illegal, would you are there conversations you ever have back channel or otherwise where you say, "Guys, uh, this is not this is not cool. We're not doing this." >> You know, there's a term that was unfortunately coined called constructive engagement. Um, first of all, again, I it's we we did not sell our product to uh cigarette manufacturers that wanted to sell their cigarettes to poor black neighborhoods. We pulled the m our product from uh in law enforcement institutions that were purely doing profiling. In certain countries in the Latin America, racial profiling is just part of how they do credit scores. We could have made a lot of money on that. We refused to do it. We've said no to many countries across the world. We said no to China. We didn't we didn't say no but we didn't work in in adversarial countries. So you know like we have like there's always have you done this I think is the most important and we did this at points where it was critical and our we were in desperate times financially. So we did this when it absolutely could have crushed our country our our our company. So the obvious answer is yes. Then there's the more subtle answer. All these countries and people I defend in public like Israel is a perfect example. I think most of the critiques of Israel, not all, not all, but a lot of people just have like Israel derangement or Jewish derangement syndrome. It's like they're like hobbyists. It's like they think about Jews all day. It's like I don't know. I grew up in the Jewish community. How often do you think about Jews? I don't think about Jews very often. So, it's like, hey, I of course I'm going to defend in a way publicly that I can assure you privately people have less present conversations than the one we're having. Like I told I told the Israeli government from the beginning, maximum violence to the people organizing violence, minimal violence to the people on the front end, and I told every single person. >> Do you think that they lived up to that? We're going to talk to to Prime Minister afternoon. >> You know, you you you I I I could tell you I feel that if somewhat illustration, on Israel, on these issues, and on lots of other things, we'd have a better world. or primarily my Democratic party. You know, it's like, do we really have to pretend that it's immoral to have a border? >> In other words, you don't think that they have done it as well as >> you know, it's well, I'll put it this way. In a world where people didn't have so much derangement syndrome, I would would be a lot more critical in this world. I think you have to compare them to what the competence level of any other country and you say, yeah, these things are very hard and brutal and watching these things happen is very difficult. But you know, yeah, I it's a very hard world because in the end we are in a world where the there there really aren't high integrity partners on any side of the debate. So the minute you admit that in public that someone is wrong, you're really just serving somebody who has no interest in advancing the debate at all. They have an interest in their party winning, that's not my interest. My party is an advant my version is we advance America as the superior country in the world and we remove a lot of the dysfunction by argument in by persuading people which I'm notoriously bad at. Palanteer we believe we're notoriously good at being right. >> Alex, you founded this company um with >> not at persuading people we're right. >> We leave that to the New York Times. uh you you you you co-founded this company with Peter Teal and for a long time there was a view that Peter uh who's been on this stage many times uh was the conservative and you were the progressive and that that served the interests actually of the company in a certain way because uh you were effectively bipartisan. I'm curious how you think now now that there's a view that you and Peter are allin with this with this administration in particular that if in fact Democrats come to uh take over the White House in 28 or 32 or whatever it is in the future that that will make it more complicated for the company. >> Well, first of all, I don't think that view like most of these views is makes any sense. I'm an independent. My vote is up for grab. If you if you if you are willing to talk about having a closed border and maintaining deterrence, I and I so I don't think that's at all true. And I I will tell you something else that's true. If the Democrats, my former party or current party or however you want to look at it, ran someone who agreed with me, even in private, they would win. So, you know, maybe you should stop winning in the faculty lounge and start winning. You know, we have a saying we we're apparently not supposed to say anymore, but we always said we're we're we're uh hot we're cold in the streets and hot in the sheets. Democratic party should think about that one a lot. Okay, let me ask let me ask you so um can I ask you a different question? >> By the way, let me answer your the more the second derivative of your question. >> We're not doing at Palunteer what's in the best interest. We we do in Palunteer what we think is right. And you know, you know, the funny thing is because you know, of our ability to build, I guess the 30th, I think it's like top 20 US companies, something like that. And we're accelerating in year 20, which no one has ever done with a lot of stuff no one else done. And we are the backbone of us to turn. Um, people assume that we're more, in fact, we have this problem at Palanteer. We have people who join, they're like, they think they're joining a normal company. We're not a normal company. We are fighting for what we believe and we're putting in a product to give the people that agree with us a superior position. >> Okay. So, I want to ask you this. Um, and it's a Trump question. You wrote your college thesis on fascism. There's a view, and I'm curious where you land. Do you think that President Trump is a fascist? >> Of course not. I think that's stupid, honestly. And you know what? Again, you you can go all day on this stuff. It's it's honestly idiotic. I grew up half my life in Germany. I spent time with actual fascists. I went and talked to lots of former Nazis. The the this like we have a democratic society and you know he won in a landslide. I don't see any sign of him being look of course I don't agree like it's like I I don't know what the point of these it's like. >> Well, the reason I was asking it was because you did study this. This was your thesis and there's a lot of people who have different views about this. I was actually ask you let me ask you a different question but maybe it's related. Um you know the US government has been taking stakes in lots of different technology companies recently. >> Okay sorry if you want to with all respect I am I am running the most important tech company in the world. If you want to talk about benalities about who I support how I support why I support it you can ask them all day. I'm keep answering the same question which is I believe your questions basically the third derivative of them is I transfer all my political power to you by by being boxed in the same way the Green Party boxes boxes in No let me just ask you this so originally the CIA do you remember this was an early investor in Coutell uh the venture capital arm was a an early investor in Palunteer this is why I'm asking the question actually because I think there's a lot of people who are looking right now at uh sort of the the industrial policy of the the country is taking stakes in businesses that they think are important, uh, national security issues and the like. And >> but isn't that a classically social democratic view? >> Well, maybe it is. But my question to you, it was just going to be, you know, if the White House came to you and said, "Look, hey, Alex, we really like you. We think you're important to this country. You're a very important part of this, and we u if we're going to continue to give you these contracts, we want a piece of the action." What how you would what you would think of that? >> I mean, we'll cross that road when we get there. My understanding is people who are in dire trouble go to the White House and ask for money and they say we've made terrific business decisions and we want your help. Why wouldn't the American people participate? Like you know one of the biggest problems if you get to okay let's just take what is the biggest problem in this culture. I'll tell you the biggest problem. No one believes the institutions are credible. And why don't they believe they're and I struggle to to believe they're credible too? Because these business leaders make completely stupid decisions and they get bailed out a year later they're getting huge bonuses and what do the American people get? Nothing. And that's a huge problem. Like if you make like So I think the real version is like I made a lot of decisions when we began talking annoying each other 10 years ago. Hopefully I'm annoying you as much as 10 years ago. Uh or more. uh when when when I made a you know this every decision Palanteer made FDA's going public building products no one enterprise large data sets going to government acknowledging American superiority being proarritocracy launching an AI platform calling into question that AI models would actually be able to perform without orchestration every single one uh every single ourtology every single one of those was viewed as stupid you know What I actually have grown to appreciate about capitalism, all the people who made the right decisions went broke, are going out of business, or are now have to copy us. Microsoft launchtology, everyone wants to do FDES. Everyone basically copies me and Palanteer. That's what I love about this country. If you want to make your stupid decisions and then you go to the White House and ask for money, you should absorb the full risk of that. And I'll tell you the full risk of that. Somehow your salary should be capped to the point where you make a lot of money for the American people. If I I was absorbing the full risk of our stupidity. You were absorbing the full risk of my stupidity by putting me on there and knowing all the crazy I was going to say. And you're going to have to sit there and listen to it. And you did it. And again, if I Yes. And we're both absorbing the full risk of each other's splendor. At at at the moment Yeah. At the moment, at the moment where I am wrong, I have to pay the price for it. Just like, you know, you're at the top of your game. Whether we want it or not, you're at the top of your game. Everybody wants to talk to you. Okay. Sometimes that's annoying. Okay. I, you know, it's like I was talking to you when, you know, there were other people above you. Now I'm talking to you when no one's above you. Okay. Now, uh, yeah, it's true. And, uh, and, okay, and people think I'm moderately successful now. Okay. So, we at Palanteer absorb the full risk of our failure and everyone else should too. And you know, I constantly the critique I get in Wall Street is I'm an arrogant prick. Okay, great. Well, you know, judge me by the accomplishment, the delta between what I've done and my arrogance. That's the definition of arrogance. I if you're right a lot, maybe asserting that you're right, going to be right tomorrow is pretty important. And and when we're not right, I pay the price every day. Every day. That's why we have this incredibly painful internal structure of flatness. So I can hear how wrong I am all day. And we absorb the risk of that. And I think in this culture, not enough pe again, the the only people who pay the price for being wrong in this culture in complete fashion are poor people. the rest of us somehow outsource all the times we're wrong and stupid to the whole society. But if you're poor and you're a soldier or you're poor in the ghetto, when you're wrong, you go to prison or you die. >> I got a different question >> and no one cares. >> I got a different question for you. >> And again, look left and right. The one thing I would say to people in the audience, you know, you you know you a lot of you think I'm right and you know your spouse, your relative, your child, the person at work would be horrified if they knew it. You better speak up because everyone who thinks I'm ridiculous fascist, they're speaking up. They write about it every day. If you do not speak up, the people who are disagreeing with me or think I'm stupid, a lot I disagree with myself. So you have to speak up and you cannot blame the far-left, far-right idiots. When they speak up for their views, do you speak up for your views? Where do you tell your colleague? I bet you at the New York Times a lot of people read that article about us and were ashamed. Did you go to your editor and say, "How could you write something that's technically illiterate?" They guy might be a fascist, but this is technically illiterate. Let me ask you a different question. >> Did you or didn't you? Because I'm the only one speaking up. you're gonna get a world of technical illiteracy on the right, on the left, and in the middle. >> Alex, help me with this. Um, a lot of people come on this stage or or publicly, and I think this goes to the the issue you're talking about to this to to this audience saying, "Speak up." And they come up on a stage or they go on television or they talk to a reporter or whatever it is publicly, and they're timid. They don't tell you actually what they think. They've got talking points. They've got plans. All of that. You don't have any of those things. um you have been willing to say I genuinely believe and I think the audience can see it what you think and my question is a do you worry about that ever um and b to the same point when you see your peers in the business not speaking up on these issues not talking about not just these issues but whatever they actually think do you think we would be in a better world and do you can you see a world where people would actually day exactly what they think the way you have. >> I don't say exactly what I think. >> You don't? >> Well, no. That would get awesome. I mean, like, yeah, you just like I don't know, but but it's very close. >> What What are we at here? >> I don't know. I avoid the whole personal stuff as much as I can, but um uh uh but um the the first of all, let me give you again the the the I think a lot of these things are downstream from AI. I the the people who are not speaking up are making huge mistakes. First of all, you're underestimating your audience. When you're not saying roughly what you think, forget let's get to a mark that's realistic. 50% 20% of what even 20% would be 20 times what's actually happening. What the people in the audience actually perceive is you're lying. Now, they don't know what you're lying about. And therefore, they impute you're lying about something you're probably not even lying about. And so I have the problem that I hurt I I blow up things all the time. People quit all the time. People are offended. Family members stop talking to me on occasion for years till they discover I'm right. Uh but uh and then they are even more ashamed. And that could take another two years. Um it's like uh but if you are not there's really two problems or two big problems. One, people impute your li you're you're lying because and you're not actually lying, but people assume someone of your level of intellect does not believe the stupid things you're saying and they then the the biggest problem is you lose the smartest people outside. And the problem that they underestimate is you lose the smartest people inside because when I'm speaking here, everyone at Palunteer, current, past, and present, knows, hey, he's speaking, he's doing exactly what he does at home, >> right? So he's telling me the truth when he says, "Hey, this I don't believe this product's going to work or I" I am telling you the truth as far as I believe it and I have a history of being right and and that's the problem. Now there's a societal problem which is that we have all the basically obviously ridiculous people especially the ones who do not even know that they're ridiculous because there's like some kind of you know derangement syndrome that is abregated their ability to think. They speak up all the time and they intimidate the rest of us. And that's a big problem for our society because I'll tell you, we are not living in a world in the absence of delivery. If America does not deliver, we will be under the rule of that's defined by our adversaries. This is just a fact. Let me ask you this um because we're going to run out of time and I just want to talk to you about you personally for a moment and what this is all about. We're all watching you uh talk I think very openly about your views and I want to know where you think it all comes from. Um where the energy comes from. Um your your biographer says it comes from your childhood. You grew up dyslexic. Um you grew up uh to a Jewish pediatrician was your father. African-American artist was your mother. And I want to know what you think has led to led to all of this. What's driving you? >> Um, it's very hard to know these question answer these questions. Um, I mean my parents are extraordinarily talented. Um and uh to the point where I think most of the issues they confronted were just everyone says they want to be around extraordinarily smart people till they're around extraordinarily smart people and uh and and everyone thinks you know they an interaction with my parents will school you on what the level of aptitude is in the world and the rest of my family. Um and uh but I I think for me people always write about my parents and their background and you know the far right hates that you know we I grew up in a Jewish family and and defend Jews against the most disgusting and obvious vehement attacks. Uh, and the far left thinks because of my background I should somehow give up real progressive thought and support ideologies that only hurt the people they claim to support. Um, I I mean I so I think there's a those article those ways of thinking don't clear a certain level of thought philosophically. Um, but and so I tend to find them fairly boring and wish the world someone else would speak up. The dyslexia thing has been [clears throat] which I was totally in the closet about is the formative moment of my life and it's simply because if you are massively dyslexic you cannot play a playbook. There is no playbook a dyslexic can master and therefore we learn to think freely. And so you know one definition of dyslexia would be you have there are many definitions one definition is that I think is a clearing function is you have a attenuated uh relationship to um to to to to text meaning a non-dislexic will read the text and the text will become them de facto the more you lead the more the more the text becomes you no dyslexic works that way and so there are huge disadvantages honestly I would have cut off my arms and legs probably or at least something to to get rid of the dyslexia. But the central advantage is I process in a way that has very little to do with what anyone else thinks. And that that has powered a lot combined with obviously obvious aptitude and I believe in what we're doing. So we work we're very aggressive in making it work. Um I don't know but I really where it comes from but I really believe in the primacy of winning not for money which I love the freedom of money but because you know I do think what people will believe will be downstream of what has worked at some point in the future and I believe in what we're doing. >> Let me ask you this um and I want to know whether you think this drives you. Uh you told a story. Your mother uh passed away from cancer and you were interviewed. Uh just >> No, wasn't she didn't That's wrong. But >> that's wrong. >> She didn't pass away. >> No. Oh my goodness. So luckily >> I don't know why uh why that note said that. >> Um I hope she didn't. Uh I thought you were talking about this the jeweler. >> Yeah. >> Who helped your mother when she had nothing. >> But I was struck by this. I was struck by u a quote where there was a jeweler who helped your mother. >> When my parents got divorced, my mom had no money and there was a a very kind family that took her in. >> But you and and but you said this about life and the and the jeweler helping your mother and you said in general people don't help you. And I I I remember watching you say that and I thought is that what's driving this? meaning this view about how you think the rest of the world views all of each other helping each other or not that that the world is actually not trying to help you. >> I do not believe it's accurate to say the world will help you and I my grandfather used to say be care be careful who you help they'll never forgive you. Um and uh I yeah I think the more you want the true progressive position is obviously help someone to help themselves and I do believe the the negative side of helping people I mean there's a positive side of helping people but the negative side of helping people is you are conveying the idea that they need your help and they need it in perpetuity which is dehumi de dehumanizes and de de takes away agency from them. But I yeah, I do believe that um you know, America and strong individuals, realistic individuals recognize you are largely on your own. And the more you recognize that, the better we will be as a society and a world. And that's why I'm very skeptical of like all these like, you know, international whatever. It it's all a way of curtailing and constraining the obvious fact that some cultures are superior. We live we live in the superior culture as a culture that defends our right to argue, defends our right to back that up with arms. Defends our right to privacy. So the first, second, and fourth amendment. I believe Palanteer and I are fully aligned with the first, second, and fourth amendment. No one believes the fourth amendment, but it's arguably as important as the others. The first amendment was put first for a reason and it we are we protect individuals in this country and our constitution derives that protection from a higher force God. It is different than any other country in the world. And the basis of that is protecting our agency as humans. And why do we have that agency? because it is somehow magical in the in an artistic sense or maybe in a religious sense it's somehow divine and that agency is how we help others and how we help ourselves and uh and if you expect people to do more than that now some people do the the family I don't know if I should say their name because I don't want them to get protesters uh although I've had a lot of people asking can they go buy jewelry there especially people I've made very wealthy and I'm proud of that um there are people who manage to help at key moments and those people I have great reverence for and you will see in your life that there are very few of them like I had this adviser I when I went to we transferred into a magnet school at Central and I got you know it's very American you're already at an elite school I got an IQ test and she's like you know what are your grades and in any case she's like you should have the best grades in the and like she intervened and took care of me and I revered that and I hope people at Palunteer like when you come to Palent Palanteer. Palanteer is the single most elite educational brand in the world currently. And if you have as defined by it's like being at Harvard or Yale in the 50s. If you are at Palanteer, you will have a job immediately independent of how you did there, which is no other school can claim anymore. And part of the reason people come and stay at Palanteer is we actively engage in cultivating minds. One last sentence before you go. We cultivate minds by being exceedingly difficult. The minute you are not difficult is a French saying which basically means if you love greatly you are exceedingly difficult. Witness all the love I'm giving you. Um >> and the New York Times >> I've said um that one of the things we try to do at this event every year is to go inside the minds of uh the most consequential people in the world. Alex Karp, you are one of them and we have now seen and gone inside your mind and we want to thank you for the conversation. Thank you. Thank you very very very much. Appreciate it. Thank you. >> Um we are going to take uh the next hour and a half for a remarkable lunch. I hope you have a great time with some amazing groundbreakers. We will see you in just a little while. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] >> [music]
