---
type: youtube_transcript
ticker: PLTR
title: "Palantir posted blockbuster earnings, so why is it's stock trading lower?"
channel: "Yahoo Finance"
date: 2026-04-06
video_id: 3-Qy1RWKydE
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-Qy1RWKydE
transcript_method: youtube-transcript-api
credibility: S2
evidence: E2
---

# Palantir posted blockbuster earnings, so why is it's stock trading lower?

**Channel**: Yahoo Finance  
**Date**: 2026-04-06  
**URL**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-Qy1RWKydE

## Transcript

concerns of course have been weighing on these palentine palunteer shares despite the company topping third quarter estimates and raising its fullear guidance. Joining me now is Gil Laura DA Davidson head of technology research and obviously Gil there are two things going on here. There is the fundamental story of the company and then there's the stock story of the company. On a fundamental basis in these numbers was there anything not to like? >> No. No. The results were spectacular. They exceeded any expectations anybody could have. This is a company that's more than a $4 billion run rate, growing 63%. It's more than doubling its commercial business. And these aren't little deals. They have some customers that spend as much as nine figures on Palunteer software. So companies are lining up to use Palunteer in order to achieve their AI goals. The government business grew 50%. The government's still leaning more and more on Palanteer to achieve its own missionritical goals. The stock is down today. That has nothing to do with the fundamentals from last night. >> Okay. So, what does it have to do then? Is it just a valuation question and this was sort of a sell the news kind of situation? >> More likely. I actually think it has nothing to do with Palunteer. To your point earlier, this is more about a riskoff vibe today. Nothing more than that. You can see a lot of the higher multiple more AI exposed companies uh stocks being down today. Uh again, I can't imagine anybody expected Palanteer to do better than they did last night. >> I mean, but at the same time, what Palanteer's price to sales are something like 85, the highest in the S&P 500. Even if this this company is fantastic, does it deserve the valuation, the multiple that it has? You know, that's the tough question because the uh both on the price to sales, price to earnings, uh EV to cash flow, there's no way to justify Palanteer's valuation. It is completely divorced from fundamentals and from any other valuation of any other company, which is understandable because they're doing so much better than any other company. They are by far the best software company. Uh but the valuation, it's hard to justify. It's hard to tie it to a cash flow, a discounted cash flow. It really is. Uh investors that buy Palanteer are buying it because they expect the growth to continue uh for the foreseeable future and beyond. Uh it's it's a very individual investorbased stock. Uh and so it's it's very hard to argue should it be trading at 80 times EV to cash flow? Uh EV to sales at 100 times EV to sales at 60 times. It's very hard to argue. These are all arbitrary numbers and hence the challenge and hence a day like today where again the results couldn't have been better and the stock is down. >> Well, okay. So, Gil, let me ask it this way then. What is the total addressable market for a company like Palanteer and is there anyone really competing with them directly in what they do? >> So, there is no ceiling for Palunteer anytime soon. Just to give you proportion again, they're they're more than 4 billion run rate. Uh Adobee's 20 billion run rate. Uh Salesforce 40 billion, Oracle 50 billion. Uh there there's nothing limiting Palanteer's growth. That's part of the excitement. That's part of how investors are justifying this very high multiple. And then in terms of competition, everybody's trying to do what Palanteer is doing, which is help companies get to their AI goals. And nobody is succeeding as well. And it's not an accident. Palunteer is an overnight success story 20 years in the making. They do some things extraordinarily well. They help companies and government agencies, collect disperate data sources, combine them so you can use AI without compromising those the privacy and confidentiality of those data sources. They give companies the the soup to nuts um service in terms of all the software components, all the services components instead of those companies having to cobble that together from different software companies and third party consulting and internal IT. Those are two very unique capabilities that really nobody else is doing and are actually kind of hard to replicate. That's why Palanteer is doing so much better than anybody else. And again, the sky's is the limit because at their size, they can continue to grow at these rates for many years. >> So, Gil, you've got a neutral rating on this stock. And is it is it just because of what you said earlier that it's hard to like it doesn't fit neatly into the financial models that that folks in your business traditionally use? Is that the issue? >> That is the issue. I'm just a kmoginly old celliderider and and I feel like uh multiples matter and and have to make sense and at least be anchored to other multiples for other companies or historical multiples and as we said with Palanteer that's not the case. The multiple is so high that it really is divorced from fundamentals. Uh but again great company with a great mission doing phenomenally well. Gil, I do want to ask you more broadly um about the riskoff uh movement that we're seeing today. As I mentioned, you had the Michael Bur um filing, right, about the put options on Palunteer as well as some charts that he uh posted on X. Um you know, is there a bigger question to ask and where do you stand on that bigger question of where tech valuations are right now? You know, you've heard it all. We've talked about it before. the circularity of the spending with open AI at the center. How how are you thinking about it right now? >> There's two categories. There's the real companies that are doing real work and are actually not trading at a very high multiple. Microsoft, Amazon, Google and Nvidia. They are building an AI infrastructure and they all told us last week that they saw a positive inflection point in AI demand. there is uh increasing need for compute and those c companies are responsibly building out that compute. There's a whole other category of bad behavior using debt to finance uh very expensive debt to finance data center buildout related party transactions where you're investing in your customer and then helping them borrow even more money to buy more of your product. Both things are happening simultaneously. But again, I'd point out Microsoft, Nvidia, Meta, Google, all trading, Amazon, all trading at less than 30 times earnings. Those are attractive valuations for companies that have seen a positive inflection point. As you start getting into this more speculative bets, your Oracle, your Corewave, your Olo, those are extraordinary. even your AMD and and and um and Broadcom, those are extraordinarily expensive on what is much more speculative, much more reliant on the ability to raise debt capital, expensive debt capital that may or may not be available for very long. So those two things are coexisting. It's important to focus on the real companies doing the real buildout based on real demand.
