---
ticker: S
type: youtube
title: "Could SentinelOne Deliver on Its 'Purple AI' Promise?"
channel: "The Motley Fool"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_p8WKQO3rxA
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 6485
---

# Could SentinelOne Deliver on Its 'Purple AI' Promise?

## 视频信息
- **频道**: The Motley Fool
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_p8WKQO3rxA

## 转录全文

[Music] Welcome latest Mly Fool scoreboard. I'm on in Chocolate Balloon. We've got longtime fools Tyler Crow and John Quas giving a 1 to 10 rating to Moneyball Wreck, Sentinel 1, ticker symbol S. First, we'll rate the strength of Sentinel 1's business, including factors like industry and competition. 10's invincible, one's hopeless. John said a five. Tyler, you're the bull here at a six. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, I wish I could actually just give an incomplete like school grades. Um, I think if you were to ask Sentinel 1's management today, they would likely say that their prospects from here on out are based on its new purple AI product, which is a, you know, endpoint security specifically for for AI and its ability to sell this system compared to some of its, you know, previous and legacy offerings, which I'm assuming might roll off in the age of AI. It appears that, you know, this particular product based on, you know, uh, expert reviews and things like that, it's getting rave reviews from research groups, whoever you want to say, but that hasn't necessarily translated into accelerating sales or span expanding margins yet. So, that's why I kind of want to give it an incomplete. &gt;&gt; Yeah, listen, the cyber security space is huge. It's fast changing and Sentinel 1 is really a technology leader here. And Tyler, you mentioned the the AI platform. It's not afraid to run forward with technology and I I think that is in its favor. I will point out though the reason I am so low here in its own presentation. It has the Gartner magic quadrant right and it lists itself in the right side of that magic quadrant. However, it lists itself neck-and-neck with Paulo Alto Networks. It lists itself actually behind Crowdstrike and Microsoft. Those are three of the biggest companies in the entire world, let alone the space. and Sentinel one here is the smaller player. That is a hard uh hill to climb when you're facing down three of the biggest companies and you got to compete with them. Uh also would note that when Crowd Strike did have a trip in July 2024, there really wasn't any noticeable boost to Sentinel 1's business. So I would assumed if it was going to get a boost, it would have been then, if not then, when. So I I'm pretty low here at a five. &gt;&gt; That's a that's a great point, John. They they need uh gardener magic quadrants for like every industry. I'd love to see a Domino's ad where Papa John's and Pizza Hut are above it, farther to the right. For management, a 10 is Warren Buffett. A one is Homer Simpson. John's at a five. Tyler, your optimism couldn't couldn't last. You're at a three. &gt;&gt; No. Well, the executive pay pay police came into town and did not like what they saw. Look, I gave him a three because you get what you pay for and Sentinel ones in their case investors are paying management to grow revenue annualized re revenue rate or ARR and an operating profit margin metric that has so many adjustments to it. I don't even know why they just call it gross margin. Also, like I I don't understand how you award a management team with stock for having a negative adjusted operating margin. You're like incentive. It's like go ahead. It's great to lose money. I don't get it. You know, I might as well give them a participation trophy next to that $286 million in stockbased comp last year. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm a little bit higher at a five. I probably would be at a three with Tyler. When you look at some of the things like operating expenses continue to rise, you haven't really seen any operating leverage here. Not like I would have hoped. And yeah, it's been doing AI since before it was cool, but I I don't feel like that's really given it any sort of competitive edge necessarily. So, I'm not quite sure what that does. I did rank it higher just because uh CEO and co-founder Tomar Weingartner, I really do feel like he's a visionary when it comes to AI and how you use it in cyber security. So, I was willing to give it a little bit of an extra boost just because of his presence. &gt;&gt; For financials, a 10 is a fortress. A one is yikes. John's at a six. Tyler, you're at a four. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And I say a four because I feel like it's a lot of running in place. you know, it it it still has most of its cash from its IPO, but it's replacing cash expenses with non-cash expenses in the form of stock. I mean, $286 million in stock instead of paying out cash. So, it, you know, that that kind of just negates a lot of those gains. like when your total share count is up 30% since your IPO because you pay so much of your expenses in stock you know again going back to like operating leverage when do trends like that start to turn the other way around to in to the benefit of shareholders I agree Tyler and you know I did it's debtree it has 810 million in cash versus just a $6 billion market cap so that's a lot of cash to market cap so I was able to give it a lot of points just for that it is free cash flow positive even if just barely but again you know that those stockbased compensation expenses quite high and so I'm not willing to give it a very high score here but I am on the positive side of neutral at six John let's move on to valuation how well will Sentinel one stock do over the next 5 years and how safe is it 10's a sure thing's a lottery ticket &gt;&gt; yeah I'm a four here when it comes to safety I'm not convinced of its ability to compete in this fastchanging very competitive cyber security space so I wouldn't score it very highly there. Uh as far as 5-year returns, I mean, yeah, it is growing. I would give it 5% to 10% growth odds and and mostly because I think that that stockbased compensation is going to continue to eat into returns for investors even in high growth scenario over the next 5 years. &gt;&gt; Yep. I went 0 to 5% safety score of five. I think it will safely underperform the market from here. I think its financials aren't indicative of a company that will succeed long term. And I think based on its current incentive structure, it could just grow to hundreds of billions in revenue and still be producing negative operating margins. Thank you to both Tyler and to John, they've given Sentinel 1 a low overall score of just 4.6 out of 10. As a top it, John likes Crowd Strike. Mentioned it earlier. Look out for a new scoreboard every market day at 700 p.m. Eastern. Next up is Palo Alto Networks. Keeping in that theme the last few days. Uh till then full on.
