---
ticker: S
type: youtube
title: "Agnico Just Picked Its Next Gold Bet"
channel: "The Deep Dive"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4McC53WvS4
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 8684
---

# Agnico Just Picked Its Next Gold Bet

## 视频信息
- **频道**: The Deep Dive
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4McC53WvS4

## 转录全文

Have y'all ever watched The Bachelorette? Since you're on a Junior Mining Focus channel, I'm going to assume not. The show though is prime reality TV. The premise is simple. An absolute babe, aka the Bachelorette, is presented with something like 25 bachelors who are potential suitors. These gargoyles, okay, it's reality TV. They aren't exactly gargoyless per se, but it suits our metaphor better, so bear with us. Then compete amongst each other to ultimately win over the Bachelorette and be selected as their partner. before the Taylor Frankie scandal, which I'm not going to get into, but guys, trust me, I can. Believe me. Anyways, the previous Bachelorette, Jennifer Tran, had a number of suitors all vying to be the final name picked. &gt;&gt; I want you guys to know that I value each and every second that we spend together. As much as this is trash TV, it actually serves as a great comparison for the junior mining sector where every junior is battling it out to be selected by a major as a key strategic partner or the next major investment. For those watching the mining space up in the Yukon, the latest season of the junior mining bachelorette has seemingly just come to an end because Agniko on Monday entered into a major strategic alliance with an explorer. And well, it's probably not who you expect. Let's dive in. The Rick Rule Symposium on natural resource investing is officially sold out for in-person attendance. It's the most anticipated resource event of the year and it's happening this July 6th. But don't worry, the deep dive will be there on the floor in Boca Raton. We're bringing you exclusive live interviews with the industry's biggest legends and top tier mining executives. But if you want to watch the full presentations and catch every single insight, you can still join the action. Click the link in the description to attend virtually and secure your front row seat from anywhere in the world. We'll see you there. Yukon Explorer. Your mind is probably going straight to Snowline Gold, right? Because well, they kind of dominate the region in terms of explorers. Over 8 million ounces and resources will sort of do that. But with a $2.3 billion valuation, buying in at this stage isn't exactly cheap. Agniko, of course, has the resources to take a stake in a big name like that. But when CBridge Gold is valued at just 3.9 billion and they've got 47 million ounces of gold reserves just slightly south of the Yukon, well, if you're going to spend that kind of cash, you might as well go big or go home, right? Not to mention the bang for the buck difference. Anyways, we're talking the Yukon, so obviously it's also not Seridge. Nor is it any of the other big names in the region. Banyan, Sikka, Fuerte. It's not even the closed up Victoria Gold assets. As it turns out, Agniko is actually most interested in an unproven grassroots project, which is owned by Cascadia Minerals, a junior that closed the markets last Friday with a market cap of about $36 million Canadian. And they're interested enough that they're taking a 14% stake in the junior, while also entering into an earn-in agreement and a strategic alliance. Okay, so we'll be the first to admit here that this arrangement is a bit messy, which is because there's a lot of moving parts here. So let's break it down into three key pieces. First, there's a strategic alliance. Second, there's an earning agreement. And thirdly is the equity investment, which somehow is also a bit messy. Let's start with the strategic alliance. This partnership will see Agniko and Cascadia focus on gold and copper exploration within the stillkind terrain in the Yukon, which is where Cascadia has been focused for years. The terrain is basically viewed as an extension to BC's Golden Triangle, which you likely know hosts countless major deposits in mines like Seab Bridg's KSM project or Numont's Red Chris Mine. This exploration pact is expected to run its course for a three-year period with the duo in search of gold, copper, porefree mineralization. Agniko likes long life assets, so of course this is what they're after. Agniko is expected to fund half a million per year of generative exploration under this alliance with Cascadia to be the operator. Exploration here will center on the Max Milner Bing and Mars properties along with 2,800 new claims staked by Cascadia in advance of the arrangement being signed. And if either party finds a target they really like, they can basically go, "Hey, this has merit." Once that happens, an earning agreement will be entered that will allow Agniko to grab a 51% interest if they [clears throat] spend $3 million over the next three years exploring it further. And then Agniko can up that interest to 80% by spending an additional $12 million over a second three-year period. Think of the arrangement as Cascadia's exploration team basically securing funding for the next three years. And if they find something, well, they have an assigned buyer and additional years of funding. The Earn agreement, meanwhile, is sort of a secondary part of this alliance. Yet, it also seems to be the key focus of the entire arrangement for a Nikico. The Earn specifically pertains to the catch property, which is one of two key assets in Cascadia's portfolio. The project is at the grassroots level. Drilling in 2023 managed to hit 0.31% copper and 0.3 g per ton gold over 160 m. And similar results were intersected in 2024. Key to that mineralization, however, is that it's said to be part of a newly discovered copper gold pfrey. And those similar results encountered in 2024 were part of a 300 meter step out, suggesting a massive system may exist here. As it stands, porefree mineralization is said to exist along 470 m of strike and to depths of 520 m. But there's a major problem with poor freeze despite how lucrative they are and many seasoned investors are well aware of it and that is that they cost millions of dollars in drilling to prove out. These systems tend to be lower grade which is made up for in the sheer size of them. But that size needs to be proven in three dimensions and that isn't cheap. Which is why despite the discovery being made 3 years ago, Cascadia hasn't been able to do much with it. But it's also why Agniko is so interested. Under the terms of the earning arrangement, Agniko is set to take a 51% interest in the project by funding $10 million in exploration over a three-year period. Once that is complete, they can bump that interest to 80% by spending a further $20 million over three more years. Again, Cascadia is set to act as the operator, at least initially, with $5 million in expenditures expected to occur this year alone. Lastly, there's the equity investment. This part of the arrangement will see Eggo invest $5 million directly into Cascadia, which comes at a massive 30% premium to Friday's close. And then, weirdly, Cascadia will issue flow-through units for proceeds of $3.8 million. But those flowthrough units will be sold to related parties. And then those related parties will sell the shares to Egypo, presumably grabbing the tax benefits in the process. All told, Agniko is expected to take a 14.2% 2% interest in Cascadia, which after the associated warrants takes them to a 19.9% position on a partially diluted basis. Of course, there's some investor top-up rights involved here as well along with the right to nominate a director to Cascadia's board. All right, so let's wrap it up. Agniko's deal with Cascadia likely has a few people upset, particularly because their name wasn't the one that got the rose. It goes without saying that Agniko doesn't always have to be the most priceconscious buyer, even in this market. That can be seen by the premium they agreed to pay for Cascadia equity. But they also aren't about to go out and buy up an interest in one of the hottest stocks in the market either. Even majors are price conscious to a certain point. And in that context, this transaction makes sense. Snowline's discovery has pushed the envelope on valuations across the Yukon, making it one of the most expensive regions equity-wise in the world. Cascadia, fortunately for Igno, was one of the few who seemingly didn't benefit from that valuation jump. Well, at least that is until now. All right, everybody. As always, thanks for watching. If there's stories you want us to cover, do us a favor. Put it in the comment section. We're always looking for ideas, and I promise you, we read every single comment you guys put down there. Also, if you enjoyed this video, maybe think about smashing that like button, subscribe, you know the drill. All right, everybody. Thanks for watching.
