---
ticker: S
type: youtube
title: "SentinelOne CEO: How We Pioneered AI for Endpoint Protection | AI Summit"
channel: "Boardroom Club"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chK5ZnrwASE
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 40488
---

# SentinelOne CEO: How We Pioneered AI for Endpoint Protection | AI Summit

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Boardroom Club
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chK5ZnrwASE

## 转录全文

Hi everybody. Good afternoon, good evening and good morning wherever you are. Thank you very much for joining the bottom club today to our AI summit featuring executive from top tech companies revolutionizing the world as we speak. My name is Yosi Gazi and I'm joining also by two good friends of mine Alimenez and Amado Vargas. Alo &gt;&gt; happy to be here. Great to be here. &gt;&gt; Yes. So today we are fortunate enough to interview none other than Tom Wine Garden, co-founder and CEO of Sentinel One, a company that revolutionizing the cyber security space by using cutting edge AI tools to autonomously detect, prevent, and respond to cyber threats in real time. Sentinel one was built using AI before it was even a thing. And most recently at the RSA conference, they launched the next big evolution of their purple AI platform called Athena, which brings Agentic AI capability to the security teams. So Tom, thank you so much for joining us today. &gt;&gt; No, absolutely. My my pleasure and thank you for having me. &gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. And I thought to start first of all if you can tell us what led you to actually move to the founder mode because at the beginning you you were a software engineer and only then you started to build all of your companies. &gt;&gt; To an extent I always loved building software and building products and as I was kind of starting my my journey um in the tech world then these two things for me were the same. I mean both being a founder and being an engineer that was the only way for me to create something. So even through my the first company I ever started I basically did everything right. I built the back end the front end the logic the database um the algorithms the design. So it was really more of a a oneman or a twoman bend that we've had and we bootstrapped. So I think from there you see how the lines can be a bit blurry between am I an engineer, am I a founder? When things are small, it's all one of the same if if you ask me. But I I really enjoyed coding. I really enjoyed designing products. So I think that um with the years I discovered that that's probably my my biggest passion is just like creating something and and I think that was a great starting point for me not only because I had the technical ability and still have the technical ability to understand fundamentally what I'm building how it can be built and in some ways how it can be scaled. So I I still believe today that every entrepreneur or founder that is coming from a true deep technical background will always possess a certain advantage over somebody that that that's not uh and I think that served me even through my years with with Sen One and Sentin I started obviously as the CEO but with that over time I was also serving as the acting CTO. I think it was five years leading to the IPO. I was actually also the the acting CTO. I was the acting VP of product for a number of years. I was the acting VP of R&amp;D for a number of years. So all of those I I enjoyed. All of those I think were were great for me to get even more intimate with what we were building and what we were envisioning that Central One can become. So again, to me it's one of the same if you ask me or at least it has been through my journey. And something pretty unique about your story is that okay now everybody know you for cyber Sentinel one right but you actually founded companies across different industries from media to market research and now of course it's Sentinel one and cyber security but what did you learn from previous experience before Sentinel one that help you to catapult Sentinel one to another level &gt;&gt; it's funny because cyber security it's such a fascinating topic and it's something that you can't learn any place, right? There's no university for cyber security, per se. And it's a it's a very broad-based topic to me. What's interesting is that it always comes back to first principles and critical thinking. And I I think in my teen years, I've done my fair share of hacking and all for fun and games. So I always loved I think this this tension between securing systems and vulnerabilities and how you kind of think about the world and the underbelly that is you know that that's there that none of us really think of. So cyber security was always a very intriguing thing for me I think throughout my years and what I found the most fascinating through my school years and then pursued also independently was actually physics and quantum physics. So I'm not a cyber security classic I think practitioner by any degree but I thought that a lot of the same principles still apply and even the stuff I've done before was always in and around machine learning algorithms or more accurately statistical analysis because in my days with market research we tried building more and more predictive algorithms to figure out what people are thinking right that's the job of market research at the end of the day and in the time that I had a slight stint with with media and advertising. It was all about parsing videos, parsing intent and trying to serve the most converting ad out there. So I always had I think a fascination to statistical significance algorithms. And when we started thinking about Sentinel one, I think what was really interesting is that circa 2013, there was really no machine learning predictive algorithms to deal with advanced persistent threats which were something that was becoming much more prevalent. And if you looked at the state-of-the-art in the space back then, obviously what was deployed on endpoints was the antivirus software, which we thought honestly was comical. It it was really something that cannot protect from anything formidable. Not not even 10 years ago. And then people were trying to deploy other measures on the network side of the house like firewalls and then sandboxes and all kinds of different things that were just not effective because they were not running on the actual machine the attackers were trying to compromise. So we thought, how can we or can we build a system that can monitor what's happening on any given device in real time and then decipher just by the behavior, the events, what's actually happening on that device whether something bad is going on or something good is going on. And the only way to do that is by crunching the data and running algorithms and trying to figure out if you can establish malicious from benign as far as can as far as as far as real time or as fast as real time. So you're not only in the position to detect that something bad is happening, but if you do it fast enough, then you're also in the position to stop it. Because if you understand that something is going on fast enough, you can interject, you can prevent, and if there's any damage that happened, maybe you can even remediate that damage because you've followed the trail. Now, can you do all of that without hampering system performance and user experience and and not having like a ton of of false positives? You have to be really really accurate, otherwise you're starting to shut down critical functions on these devices. So there were a lot of I think big questions to answer and the thesis was amazing but can you actually do it and I'm I'm really like constantly and forever impressed by the fact that all of these great ideas actually took hold and today this is something that's running on tens of millions of of workloads and endpoints around the world and some of the most critical environments out there. This is what regulates what runs and what doesn't run. So obviously that was a huge undertaking but that just also shows you the power of machine learning, the power of what we call AI today. It it was there 10 years ago I think in a more structured fashion in a more maybe in a narrower scope but the same type of principle the same neural networks not transformers but same neural networks I think were very very useful 10 years ago and obviously now we see I think the advent of what they can also do for us humans going forward. Yeah, absolutely. And Tommy, everybody knows now Sentinel One, but back then it was only a startup and you competed with all the giants like Macaffy and Seate that dominated the market. Could you share with us how you landed your let's say first major customers and how was the process like to get so much market share from them? Yeah, I think what was even more complex was convincing the venture capital community that you can build something that will disrupt these two giants and in an industry that has been dormant honestly for the 10 previous years, right? I mean, it was only them. There was really no not much innovation, very very prevalent. Everybody has an antivirus. How are you even going to go about displacing those? Because since the the early days of Sentinel One, we we didn't think that we're going to be there to augment them or deploy something else alongside them. We fully believe that it might not happen day one, but we will build something that will replace them and and will make them obsolete in in many many ways. And and that was a tough sale. That was a really tough sale because you're sitting there, two nice guys just landed from Israel. We moved to to Silicon Valley and nobody knows us. And we're coming in and we're saying, "We got this amazing prototype that can detect any type of malware with no prior knowledge and no signatures and no indicators and just throw whatever you want at it. As long as it's actually exhibiting badness, our algorithm should be able to catch it." While the demo was really really impressive and the prototype did work, I think it was a huge question mark for these people on how you go about selling to Fortune 500 this whole new thing and the amount of trust I think you would have to build not only in your technology but in in the entire operation to go about and take something as critical as endpoint protection which is really the the last line maybe the first line maybe both of defense for most of these companies. That was that was a huge question mark I think for for people that were looking to invest in the space more generally. Deployment is hard. It's a software component. It's not something that's just hey let's turn it on in the cloud and it's deployed. Oh, you have to install it and uninstall the previous one and policies and all that stuff. I think that was a really really hard part I remember. But with customers, going back to your question, I think it was a little bit more straightforward because they felt the pain like they were getting every single day and they was seeing how ineffective the antivirus was. So everybody was kind of clamoring to some silver bullet type solution, which I'm not saying that we were, but suddenly they could see the light. I mean they could see something different that is actually able to stop all these things in a very high proficiency rate in a manner that an antivirus couldn't. Talking to initial customers was actually much more straightforward. Convincing them that this can then work at scale and accuracy and all that stuff. I think all of them understood that's going to be a journey. But I think the promise in the core technology resonated so deeply that it was I would say relatively the easier part. Not easy by any degree but definitely easier than I think convincing folks that something like this can even exist and how you go against somebody that's a 1020 billion dollar market cap company like McAfee or Semantic or or any of these folks. But but again I think customers were very open to try something else given the pain was really there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And let's say after you you did start to convince all of the customers has the go to market strategy evolved significantly over time or was it more a straightforward one? uh it it's it's a constant evolution even even these days right there's we're talking about a hundred billion dollar target addressed addressable market in in cyber security across the different facets that we play in today whether it's endpoint security cloud security uh data analytics and security analytics and then I think the opportunity with AI security is also pretty big really means that you're talking to pretty much every single company in the world from the smallest SMB and all the way to the biggest fortune 10 they are part of that 10. So how you unlock that how you build your avenues to go to market it's much more intricate than saying let's build an enterprise go to market it just it just is and we I think evolved over time and we always figured hey there's a big untapped opportunity here something we can unlock and dislocate from the incumbents let's go and invest some time there uh the enterprise I think was the obvious one I mean obviously you want to go after the biggest customers out there, but what do you go after with? Are you going there with endpoint protection or cloud security or can you land as standalone? Do you need one platform? There's a lot of different con considerations as you go about and unlock parts of the market. So, it's it's a constant evolution. I think it has to be a constant evolution pretty much for every every company out there. uh I think it's a continuous iteration and you get some points where you see a major fit and a major click and high ROI so you double down but in essence our go to market has been for a while and definitely today is very multirone I mean there's so many different areas so many different geographies different offerings different packages different bundles you got the service providers the MSSC space you got gsis you got hyperscalers like there's a lot that goes into what you uh go to market and and it's it's rarely just a singular thing that that works and that's it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. So you mentioned different products in different market and I have one last question about that before we moving on to Alvo. I attended the last RSA conference. I was at the first row when you talked in the main stage and although I missed your formal party it was fascinating to hear about the next big evolution of purple AI Athena and in simple terms for all the audience it's essentially brings agentic AI capabilities to security and operation teams but I'm curious how long does it take to build a product like that and what were some of the obstacles and challenges that you faced &gt;&gt; I missed that party too but that's not not the important Athena for us and I think even more broadly I I sincerely believe cyber security is going to look tremendously different in the quality in the even the next 24 months and we started working on purple I would say right at the onset of Chad GPT right the moment that we saw the scale in which this technology and by the way I don't know if anybody remembers but chd was there it was writing songs and everybody made fun of it before it made it made its way to like version 3.5 which I think then all of us saw very clearly the opportunity and what type of tremendous technology this this will be but I think from that onset we we started playing around with how do we integrate these transformer technologies into what was up until then a very set neural network type of a system for us and I think it was a couple of RSAs ago we were the first company to showcase a generative AI based security capability ility with Purple. That's where Purple was born. And ever since that point, you know, we basically have constantly worked to push it to the bleeding edge. Like we understood very quickly that this is going to be a constant moving target. Like if you're building for the capabilities you see today, you're behind. If you're building for the capabilities that you're seeing maybe one generation forward, you probably are still behind. So, it's really going to be about how much you can push the envelope and imagine what would be the art of the possible in I would say an acceptable horizon. Every everybody can pick what their acceptable horizon and I got my own acceptable horizon and and that's how we're thinking about development. So when the public sees something like Athena, this is probably already stale in in our book. Like we've moved past Athena, but we're constantly staying, I think, in constant touch with the market to also show how we take some of the intrinsic capabilities from what we're planning forward for to show tangible outcome for customers right here, right now. And I think that seeing what's happening today with kind of cyber security and agent capabilities, there's a lot of companies that are just trying to monetize it as best as they can, right? They come up with like a siloed piece of automation to show value in a very specific and narrow band and say this is what I can bring you today and pay me some dollars for it and I'm going to take your alerts from a thousand alerts a day process to 500 alerts per day process. And I mean to me it's not as exciting. I think that that you can do that, but I think the magnitude of change that is going to happen would mean that a lot of these things are going to become irrelevant or maybe a small piece of a much bigger system very very fast all the way to complete security capabilities. I think that things that you see today sold as very successful products in cloud security could be completely obiscated to the point of a prompt to a system that can replace a whole class of product like I don't know all all of CSPM can turn into show me misconfigurations solve misconfigurations and and I think that's definitely going to be possible in in the next couple of years I think human supervision then becomes very very big tenant in in how we operate in in that world. But but largely when when you think about Athena, when you think about Purple, when you think about all these capabilities, they're to me at this point in time, they're always on a continuum. There there's no finite state. It's not done. It's not started. It's it's always ongoing. And we we invest a ton in innovation. Like for us, that's the life lifeblood of what we do. We've consistently brought uh new technologies, new approaches, new concepts into cyber security that many others have copied over time, which which to me by the way that's also a good outcome. Like if Microsoft replicates some of the stuff that we do and takes takes it to 100 million businesses, I mean that's amazing. I mean that that's also a win in my book. Everybody's more secure. Do I like competing with them? That's a different story. But um but but at the end of the day I think what progresses security forward for all of us that's the ultimate goal for Sentinel one and thus we we are focused on innovation we're focused on customer outcomes focused on being the most secure company in the world. &gt;&gt; Yeah that's for sure and so what I will take is basically everyone talk about aentic AI but all the corporation like Sentinel one already developed the next big thing in order to not to stay behind. So fascinating and Tommy I got a bunch of more questions but Alvo has also great question to ask you. So thank you so much and Alo without further ado the floor is yours. &gt;&gt; Thanks Josie. So Tar you talked about it and already which is what you're doing to develop a new product and how to stay ahead of the curve but what you've described with AI meaning things in particular cyber security are going to change completely very very quickly. How do you stay ahead of the curve? How do you keep innovating when all these things that are happening could destroy everything that you've worked for for past products? &gt;&gt; I think you become the curve. That that's that's the ultimate aspiration. And if you look at our journey over time, we're the first company to integrate data analytics into cyber security. We're the first company to come up with AI based protection. We're the first company to to showcase the concept of an all-inclusive data lake. We're the first company that have put together all these concept with hyper automation. So I think throughout time we were naturally always on the on the bleeding edge. I think it's very deep in the company's DNA and I think more than that I mean we we got some tremendous talent. We got pluralistic point of view. So we're not locked into any one motion or one specific dogma if you may. We couple that also with being very current. So center one is an investor in anthropic. It's also an investor in scale AI and we got a very active venture arm that constantly looks at startups what's coming new technologies. We got an innovation team that all they do is constantly work and uncover new technologies. Some of our patents are some of the leading in the space. We do M&amp;A whenever we we please. So all in all when we are staying current with the things work very closely by the way with the frontier companies. So a lot of these things eventually I think culminate in a point of view that allows you to keep that innovation mode. I think what also happens a lot with larger companies is that they are getting so locked in to their current platform needs and day-to-day and all that stuff and generating revenue and generating profits that sometimes innovation takes a back seat and here given that I'm a first-time CEO the mandate that we put and the pledge that we put for center one is to really balance these two things. It cannot be all about profit making and revenue and and all of that. Certainly should be a good part of it and thus center one has been one of the fastest growing companies on the public market for for many years now. So terms of revenue growth it's hard to say we're lagging behind. Also, in terms of profitability, we've managed to do all of what I just discussed while inflicting from a pretty significant lossmaking company into what is now becoming a pretty significant cash generation company, cash flow positive. So I think it's really in how you decide what you want to do and as long as you factor all these things and you give them the right weight in kind of the the overarching path that you um that you kind of set to accomplish. I think it's a it's a matter of choice but sometimes it gets lost with with bigger companies gets lo get lost with other priorities but for us again we were born with AI this feels very natural to us and we're also I think not afraid to to take pretty bold steps forward and instead of just constantly trying to appease the the current state and oh these guys have launched Gentech we must have a Gent as well a lot of the stuff that you see today um is is really um what I would define as as transient like these are kind of minute offerings. I'll give you one one tangible example. I mean I think if we had had this conversation about a year ago, all we would talk about is like copilot and the chat bots and no that was all the rave, right? Everybody's rushing to deploy those. Those are going to make you so much more effective, so much more productive. And lo and behold, we're year out. We're barely talking about like the co-pilots. All the talk has become Agentic, but I think as you can imagine, a year will pass and we're probably going to be talking about Agentic Plus+ or whatever it is that's going to be or autonomous agents or whatever you want to call it. So, it's it's really important to I think remember that we're sometimes very locked to the present and companies sometimes over rotate on the present because they have to show that they're doing something. They had to show that they can monetize it. They have to show that they're part of the AI revolution. And sometimes that is, I think, just not the best p the best path forward on how you drive innovation. &gt;&gt; Okay, this everything that you just told me sounds great and it seems like a really really good pitch. So, let me take you back to the moment where you had a great record-breaking IPO. The company was valued at over 11 billion. Can you tell us a little bit about that journey talking with investors? What did they like so much about Sentinel One? If you can concentrate with everything that you just told me. &gt;&gt; I think they loved the fast growing profile of the company which has been like that for quite a few years. We IPOed um what was it like four years ago now? We were about $100 million plus in in like revenue to a billion. So like in four years getting from 100 to a billion was or close to a billion was really really remarkable. I think that's the trajectory that some of these investors had imagined. I think in terms of the technology people saw like real true differentiation there. So I think it was a deep tech company growing incredibly fast in a wide openen market that that's incredibly big. All of those are I think great recipes for any company &gt;&gt; and uh obviously it's gone very well and now you have a scale so now the decisions you make are slightly different but back then when you were growing very quickly and you continue to innovate how what is the best approach to continue to innovate while you're growing &gt;&gt; again I think it really is a matter of choice I mean you really have to make conscious decisions about continuously investing in areas that might not be immediately yielding because that that is really innovation in many ways. You're kind of investing in the future, it's not going to yield anything in the present. So if you can kind of imagine your overarching P&amp;L as a company, if you can sustain that level of forwardleaning development from your existing status quo and your current growth, then I think that that's probably the way to go. That's largely how I designed over the years sent one because I I fully believe that the moment you're going to start you're going to stop innovating is the moment you become less and less relevant and nothing is nothing is binary. You don't drop off a cliff immediately. But I think you can find very distinct correlation between level of innovation and deceleration in relevance let's call it and if you if you innovate less I think over time you lose steam and some other companies have been very effective in mitigating that by acquiring companies right I mean that's another way to compensate for lack of innovation and and I think that that's also a valid way forward it works sometimes better sometimes not as not as But I do think that core concepts and pushing forward with innovation is to me one of the most important things here if not the most important thing. &gt;&gt; And while you're pushing innovation, you it was al also touched upon earlier that you do M&amp;A when you can or when you want. And it turns out Sentinel One was one of the first companies to ever buy an analytics firm. It seems that you unlike other competitors, you charge your own path. You don't copy things that are going. So when you acquire scaler, what drove that decision? What and in general, how do you approach M&amp;A? &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, it's it's very I would say it's very individual like every every M&amp;A that we've done was for a certain purpose and uh to achieve something specific. So I don't think we have like a one overarching boilerplate to how we do how we do M&amp;A. In the case of scalar, I think it became very clear to me very early on that our problem will shift or generally the problem is not with malware. The problem is with data because at the end of the day our algorithms are only going to be as effective as what we see and what we process and what we learn on. And in turn I also felt that if the kind of core currency that we work with in security is eventually the data that stems from the machines that we monitor then why not take data from other sources. It doesn't have to be only from machine doesn't from our machines doesn't has to be only from our sensors. So if we actually had the ability to have this central repository that can then monitor every aspect of the enterprise. So we will effectively be shifting our models from protecting a singular endpoint to protecting the entire business and no matter what that business entails. But to do that you really have to have a very very very fast data store that can in my view or or that has to in my view support real-time processing and real-time processing is something that doesn't exist today in cyber security. If you think about some of the existing solutions out there today in that same data analytics space, all the SIM aggregators and all that stuff, in essence, by the time the data gets into the SIM, it's already the past that you're looking at. And if you're seeing the adversaries on the other hand move to like seconds, milliseconds type of attacks, if it takes the signal a minute to get to the SIM, by the time you're looking at it, the attack is already over and you can't really do anything anymore. So my stance back then and this is around 2019 I think was that if we can't progress cyber security to a real-time state or as close as it's going to be to a real-time state we're going to be losing the war at some point in the future. And thus today a lot of the emphasis of what we do is less about like hey let me agentically automate a couple of processes for you. it's more let's make sure we're doing everything in real time and and that's a pretty significant overhead. So going back to the acquisition, we said okay, how can we achieve something that can ingest the data immediately or as close as can be to real time, process it as fast as possible and then orchestrate an action and close all that loop within a millisecond or a second. And then we went about and and said okay we can build it potentially but it's a heavy heavy lift and we're invested heavily in building security software. We're reverse engineering. We're doing research threat intelligence. We got an entire endpoint footprint. It is not right now the core competency of what we do. even though we were already processing a ton of data into our own legacy built internally backend that we had and we said okay let's PC technologies and we went and we I think did discovery with about probably an order of magnitude of about 10 15 different technologies both in terms of maybe we should just OEM something and potentially there's something interesting that we can afford because we were a private company I think we were valued like $1.2 2 billion back then. So also our our ability to acquire something was very very limited. Most private companies have not traditionally been very big acquirers. I think we're one of the first kind not one of the first but I think we definitely made it more popular to think about acquisitions as as as a private entity. But we went on and we did this research type endeavor with PCing every technology out there including the legacy SIM solutions and and all of it in kind of a bit to say okay maybe we should just OEM something on the back end and really kind of deal deal with other challenges and then we saw two next generation technologies two companies that were very interesting in their approach and they were like $10 million ARR type companies venture funded And we started looking deeper and deeper and we said that stuff it's working like pabyte scale in almost immediate terms and this entire notion of like a query that take minutes is a thing of the past and and I said to myself I mean look if we can own that and start really focusing on how we get data into into this very robust data lake that can be the backbone of something much much bigger than even endpoint protection. That could be a complete new reimagined way to think about an AI cyberc platform, right? A cyber security platform, but one that's driven by AI across every facet of it, not just endpoint or just cloud or just whatever. And and that's why we kind of said, okay, let's go let's go and acquire it. I have to tell you, it was highly non-trivial. like it was hard to explain even even to our own employees like why are we buying a data analytics company why is this really happening but fast forward to today I think it's probably one of the most important ingredients that that we have today and lo and behold everybody else in our space have gone through that same journey have built those data links is trying to go through and and consolidate cyber security into one singular platform so probably was a pretty Good call. I would say &gt;&gt; certainly is and rewarding to see that people follow you. And thank you so much, Tomer. I'm going to pass on the microphone to to &gt;&gt; staying on the subject of acquisitions. Earlier you brought up how innovation very much of it is just effectively investing into the future. Remaining on that, how do you approach the dilemma of continuing to sell an acquired company's products separately versus pausing for full integration? It's a great question and again I would say it's very target dependent. I would say that every every transaction could look a bit different. Sometimes you do very small echo hires. Sometimes you're buying more established products with customer bases. So really I would say there's there's an infinite different ways to think about acquisition and integration. to us. I I always think that when you concentrate on the value that you can bring to the customer, you're probably finding the answers with that as a as a northstar. If the value to the customer is deep enough with the acquired target offering as it is, then maybe integration is not as important. If the value comes from streamlining of a workflow, then maybe integration is much more important. If the value comes from, you know, a back-end component that the customer doesn't even see, but makes their life a lot easier, then you do it any way you please because it's obfiscated away from from the end customer anyways. So I really think it's very target dependent at the end of the day, but as long as you keep the how do I show value to the customer in the shortest path possible, I think you'll find kind of the answer on how you integrate those. &gt;&gt; Absolutely understand that utility all comes further. As a product manager in cyber security, something that I've seen is that the field is all about collaboration. Recently, Sounds One partnered with Cyber Art to tackle privilege access misuse using your AI powered Singularity platform. How did this partnership come together? &gt;&gt; Yeah, look, Cyberarch is is a great partner to us and and it's a great company. I think more more broadly we sincerely believe that cyber security is going to continue to be a very diversified space and I think that philosophically I sincerely believe in giving customers flexibility like I'm not the type of CEO that will come in and say to benefit from everything that center one does you have to be all Sentinel one wallto-wall it has to be only it if you like a different product forget about it I can displace it for you. I think you have to sell on merit, right? And and you have to build the best thing possible and if the customer wants it, enjoys it and gets the benefit from it, then it it should acquire it from from you. If there's something else that's best for breed or maybe even more tailored to that specific need, they should be able to use that and I should be able to integrate it into my product, into my platform in the most seamless way possible. So to me, Cyber Arc, all these other ecosystem providers, my competitors, I want to be able to integrate into in the most seamless, frictionless way possible. And I think that largely that resonates with with customers, especially when you come in and and you just want to create again a better end result for the customer. And if I can do that by integrating into Microsoft Defender and getting Microsoft Defender telemetry into my data lake and then you know fixing configuration responding but giving you better AIdriven security even if you're using Microsoft Defender and it's what you have to me that that's that's a good day and that's a good deal like I don't have to come in and say you got to rip it out you got to use one on the endpoint otherwise we don't want to talk to you or go talk to the platform. formization people because they they are the only ones that are doing this kind of blanket approach that sometimes works, sometimes doesn't work. Again, we're focusing on building the best capabilities that that we can and we want customers to choose our capabilities because they're good, not because we're forcing them, not because there's some monetary incentive there to get some stuff for free for the first year. If the stuff is good, then they're going to buy it. They're going to stay with it. They're going to enjoy it. And it's going to get them better protected. And I think that's the only thing we care about. Absolutely. Always prioritizing the value to the to the consumer. Speaking on Sentinel 1's flexibility. You're now one of the sponsors of Formula 1 and also Madison Square Garden. I believe there's a tournament that you sponsored. Uh speaking basketball, do you have a favorite basketball team? &gt;&gt; Ever since the days of the Chicago Bulls, I don't think I've zeroed in on like a specific team, but obviously I live in the Bay Area, so Golden State is is our go-to team. And obviously Stephan Kerry is is an amazing player, but we we love the Knicks as well. That's why you see us on in Medicine Square Garden as well. But yeah, I mean all in all the NBA has been changing also in the the past few years. So it's really exciting to see all the new talent. &gt;&gt; Wait, your journey as said earlier became a software engineer and obviously now you're the CEO of of a high performing company. Along your journey, has there been a particular mentor or a particular piece of advice that has helped you along the way? I I never really had a a mentor per se. Obviously, there's there's folks on our board that have been with me and with us for many years, and I would definitely treat them as as mentors. I generally I've always been a bit more distinct in my thought process. So, for me, advice is something that I always hear and I always listen. I don't always take. And there's a big difference. I think there's a lot of folks that don't even listen. like they don't really care what others are saying as much. I I always keep my mind open, but I don't always factor in advice because I feel like at some point, I don't remember who said it, which one of you, that we have rarely copied others and have really set to our own path. And I think a lot of it is is really staying true, you know, to your own originality and to your own thought process. And and the moment you start just replicating others, I think that that becomes that your thinking becomes very tainted. With that, there's a ton of great stuff that people have done over the years and and amazing experiences you can only learn from, especially me. I mean, being again a first- timer in this. I mean, I'm sure there's CEOs that are 10 times better than what what I would ever aspire to be. So, so I constantly learn from I think experiences and I try to distill how they are relevant to me. Not just blanketing best practices and saying, "Oh yeah, we got to do it this way because X has done it this way in the past, but really how do we take the learnings and how do we integrate them and how they're applicable to what we're doing?" So thus I think it's a it's a it's been a slightly I think different mode for me in that regard. And I think that those last piece of words is a terrific point to end with. Pat and back to Yosi. &gt;&gt; Yes. So Tom, maybe a last question. Do you have any hobbies outside of work? &gt;&gt; I I really like playing playing basketball. With that, I'm getting older and older, so it's getting harder and harder, I guess. But yeah, I I obviously I try to spend as much time as I can with my kids, but playing basketball once a week if I can, that that's also also a great deal. So yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Nice. And so Tom, thank you so much for joining us today. We learned so much from you. We appreciate you trusting us and just like joining us for the call. So thank you. And for everybody else in the audience, stay tuned. We have other amazing episodes with CTO and CPO to armies and a bunch of other actually VCs like Adanitz and Insight and Index. So stay tuned and Tommy, thank you so much again. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Thank you all. Appreciate it.
