---
ticker: WIX
type: youtube
title: "WIX Stock After the AI Crash | Is It a Bargain?"
channel: "Bearded Investor"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNsbzjFEbLA
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 17593
---

# WIX Stock After the AI Crash | Is It a Bargain?

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Bearded Investor
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNsbzjFEbLA

## 转录全文

Wix stock has fallen down 57% in 2025 and it's based on AI disruption fears around their website builder content and platform but the fundamentals of the business are still strong and improving. So in this video I want to look at their business model and moat. I want to see their risks and headwinds to their business. I want to look at their financial history including recent earnings as well as a DCF, a discounted cash flow analysis to see what the fair value of Wix is today. If you like this content, please like and subscribe. I have a free Patreon and free Discord that anyone can join. It has great alpha and value for long-term investors. And for the first 100 people, my Patreon is only $2 a month, join the private investment group on my Discord through Patreon. So with that, we have a lot of information to get through on the Wix analysis. Let's get straight into it. Now Wix has been around since 2006 as a website creation tool for individuals in business. And they predominantly operate in two major revenue generating segments and those segments are creative subscriptions and business solutions. And on their investor page, they have their description of their business. Wix is a leading SAS which is software as a service website builder platform globally to create, manage and grow a digital presence. What began as a website builder in 2006 is now a complete platform providing users with enterprisegrade performance security and reliable infrastructure. Offering a wide range of commerce and business solutions, Vance SEO and marketing tools, Wix enables over 200 million users to take full ownership of their brand, their data, and their relationships with their customers. To go into a little bit more detail about the two revenue generating segments that they have, the creative subscriptions business is Wix's largest and core revenue generating stream. It accounts for approximately 70 to 73% of total revenue. The income is generated from premium plans. Users paying monthly, yearly, or multi-year for premium plans that offer enhanced features such as connecting a custom domain, removing Wix ads, increased storage and advanced analytics. So, this is similar to GoDaddyy's pricing tiers and what the services they offer under that. Then they have domain services which is revenue generated from the sale and annual renewal of custom domain names and hosting obviously similar very similar to GoDaddy and any other platform that is providing services for website creation. Hosting is you know all plans including secure and reliable hosting for websites. So that is all under creative subscription. Now you also have the business solutions segment and this segment is more exciting because it is a faster growing portion of the business contributing around only 27 to 30% of the total revenue right now and includes products and services that help users manage and grow their business online. So the key components here are e-commerce and payments. So revenue from transaction fees processed through Wix payments and sales of related e-commerce tools like inventory management shipping solutions. You have Wix app market which is where Wix is getting commissions from third party apps and the sale of native SAS add-ons like Wix bookings, Wix hotels, Wix restaurants, things like that. Then you have the partner program and this one is very key because it is really growing like crazy. This is where you have revenue generated through agencies and freelancers who build sites for clients using platforms like Wix Studio which is a high growth area for the company. And I'll add here that this is also very sticky. This business segment is very sticky because these clients, these customers who have clients who build through Wix often use multiple Wix products. So this partner program is incredibly sticky. It's incredibly fast growing and it has high retention rates for the customers building on Wix for their clients. And if you go onto their website, you can see under product that they've kind of broken this down even in their mega menu. They have creation, website design, website templates, AI, website builder, and they have their business, e-commerce, scheduling, restaurant, portfolio, blog, and essentials, your domain names, registering, buying those, website hosting obviously, and website security. And Wix Studio is linked up here. Wixel is their new partner in content. Basically, it's a AI design platform that quickly turns any idea into a parade. Social Post, image, video, and more. So many other tools and services that they offer. Wix has some advantages over their competitors like GoDaddy and Squarespace. They're way more flexible in building a website for users. They do not define a grid so that you can move a button anywhere you want on the page and really customize it to what you want and the design that you want. And so it's truly flexible and free customization. They also acquired B 44 to automate and integrate their AI and to expand their technology and software development capabilities. Base 44 can take AI prompts and create websites and applications using no code uh just through a AI prompt. So any user can literally vibe code their applications as much as they want. So what are the risks and headwinds to Wicktock and owning Wixtock? Well, the major bare thesis right now is commoditization of website builders and website creation. And so commoditization is basically a process where unique products and services become standardized and interchangeable from a competitor's offerings. And this causes competition to shift from features, unique features to just price. So whoever can produce the lowest priced thing, the lowest priced offering is the winner basically. And in that case, margins get compressed. The there's no difference in a competitor's offering from this offering. And that's really bad for holding pricing power and and profit margins overall. But the reality on that fear is unfounded. A website creation is not just you're not just getting a template and putting it up. You have to get hosting. You have to get domains. You have to get security. Website security design of the website will need and require humans to view it to review it and to make it what the end user really wants and needs. And it's more of a tool that Wix is using and integrating into their services to make their products better, make their services better, to make the user experience better so that they can generate higher revenues and earnings going forward. What this has done is create a dislocation in the perceived fair value of the company and the actual fair value of the company. And so we can take advantage of that uh and either invest or not invest based on what we think the actual fair value is for this company. So here is the company overview. They have 299 million total registered users. Their creative subscription segment annualized recurring revenue which is their ARR is approximately $1.5 billion. They have approximately 5,300 employees. percent of revenue from outside of North America is roughly 40%. Wix is a Israeli based company, so that makes sense. Their Q3 2025 GPV is $3.7 billion and that is a plus 13% year-over-year. Their Q325 transaction revenue is $65 million, which is plus 20% year-over-year. Q3 2025 partners revenue, which is that high growth segment, is $192 million, and that's up 24% year-over-year. and their Q3 2025 free cash flow margin FCF margin is 32%. Which is extremely high for any business. Let's get into their integration of B 44. They acquired uh this B 44 application platform in June 2025 and B 44 is a hyperrowth pioneer of AI powered code generation and multi- aent orchestration. Base 44 now serves over 2 million users, which is a nearly 7x of users, more than when they acquired it in June 2025. That's incredible. Growing audience traffic share from low single digits to 10% as of October 2025. So, they have invested a lot of money integrating B 44 and and scaling B 44. With the app development market being significantly larger than website building, base 44 gives us immediate access to completely new audience. Individual developers, design and product teams, enterprises building internal tool and DIY users who want to build applications, not only websites. Now, I think this might be the most important piece of information in this video. So what they're saying here is they have access to a whole new market not just a whole larger market built a whole new business because they are expanding beyond website building into app development market and that is significantly bigger. This this TAM is significantly bigger than the website building. So their growth in the future if they can successfully implement and scale this even further is going to be immense. So B 44's powerful vibe coding application and this is something that I'm in this space. I'm a website developer myself and vibe coding is gaining a lot of traction. So B 44's powerful vibe coding application empowers users to create fully functional custom solutions and websites using natural language using chatbased interface. For now base 44 will continue operating as a distinct business while benefiting from the scale and support of Wix. So at in the future they may combine and merge even more but right now they have a nice symbiotic relationship where B 44 is the subsidiary of Wix with only a few million of annual recurring revenue at the time of acquisition AR. Base 44 is on track to generate at least 50 million of ARR by the end of 2025 accelerating towards a milestone of 100 million ARR at incredible speed. So this growth, this acquisition and growth is incredible. Nearly 7x more users than when it was acquired. It was acquired in June of 2025, just a few months ago. And now they're on track to generate 50 million by the end of this end of 2025, which is now basically. And they're accelerating to 100 million of ARR in no time at all. Okay, so now let's get into their actual financials. So, their total revenue came in at 14% up year-over-year, and they broke it down between the business solutions and creative subscriptions segments. So, obviously, creative subscriptions is still the majority at 356 million, and business solutions came in at 149 million. But you can see that both of the segments are increasing and up and to the right consistently. So, they were in Q2 2023, they were 390 and now we're at sitting at 505 just two years later. And so you're looking at the annual and estimated 2025 at this point. This is basically locked in because it's the end of 2025 right now. 13 to 14 uh% year-over-year growth. Now they have consistent creative subscriptions ARR expansion positive 11% year-over-year. Also up and to the right is total bookings. This is a very important metric to look at with Wix. They broke this down between business solutions and creative subscriptions. 14% year-over-year and 13 to 14% for the estimate. Now, the partners, they broke this down. They have 24% year-over-year growth in the partner segment for from last year, and they wrote that it's up almost 75% over the past 2 years. And you can see that the growth is immense here. So, this is going to be a bigger and bigger portion of their revenues going forward. Transaction revenue growth in millions up 20% year-over-year and up 45% in the past two years. So this slide is important because it shows that they are spending on their new product, their new acquisition base 44 in Q3 2025. We began to make growth investments in new product. We expect to see improved gross margin and operating margin as we move past this startup phase. So right now they're spending a lot on R&amp;D, on marketing, on SGNA to push and scale base 44 so they can achieve these growth numbers that they really want to see based on this new integration acquisition. But when they move past this startup phase, when they're happy with the scaling and growth of B 44, their operational expenses should come down, which will make their operational margins go up, their EBIT margins go up. You can see here that they're spending nearly 50% on OPEX right now very high amount high percent but this is the expected with their acquisition and integration and scaling of base 44 and when we look at the financial analysis the DCF model this will be obvious when you look at the price the fair value you'll see that EBIT margins are compressed and that's what leads to that final valuation but those are temporary because they're actively and purposely ly spending on scaling base 44. One of the most exciting things about a Wix investment is their free cash flow generation. And now they're producing over 30% as a percent of revenue, free cash flow, which is insane. That's such a high free cash flow. When their opex comes down, this company is going to be operating on all cylinders. Moving on to the financial metrics and their recent Q3 earnings, you see that their total revenues came in at 505 million and their bookings came in at 514.5 million. And they broke it down between their creative subscriptions bookings and their business solutions bookings here 366.35 million and 148.9 million respectively. Now you go into the gross profit. They had 349.74 million in non-GAAP gross profit, which is a 69% gross margin, which is relatively unchanged from the past few quarters. Then they're they broke that down between their creative subscriptions and their business solutions. So you're seeing 84% gross margins on creative subscriptions and 34% gross margins on their business solutions. This slide really shows why their EBIT margins are so low. Spending 21% revenues research and development. They're spending 25% on selling and marketing. They're spending 5% on SG. And so that totals the op operational expenses are 51% of revenue. That's that's really huge and really impacts their fair value analysis. But we have to keep in mind this is actually temporary and you have to look at it in that picture. Otherwise, you get a false narrative, false fair value for what's actually there. And then looking at the cash flows provided by operating activities, you see their free cash flows are really amazing and they're really growing from, you know, 2021 2022 where they were posting four and 2% of revenues free cash flow to now 28 and now over 30% of revenues free cash flow. They have had some dilution of their shares, but management has pointed out that their buybacks are important part of their capital returns and they want to make sure that they're keeping check their SBC as well as even reducing their share count uh going forward. So with this high level of free cash flow generation, they should be able to, you know, authorize more share buybacks to offset any SBC and even reduce their share count going forward. So with that in mind, high growth company with reducing share count in the future that is very attractive as an investor. So before I get into the fair value analysis, let's look at the guidance that management is saying. So they're raising their full one-year bookings outlook to 2.06 billion to 2.078 billion or 13 to 14% year-over-year growth compared to 2.04 to 2.075 075 million or 11 to 13 million. They're raising their guidance. This increased expectation is driven by meaningful outperformance of base 44 and which we expect to accelerate marketing investments capture the stronger than it demand that we're seeing today. As a result, we expect B 44 to achieve at least 50 million of ARR by year end and increase from our previous plan. At the same time, we are updating our fullear revenue outlook to 1.99 to 2 billion for 13 to 14% year-over-year growth compared to 1.975 to 2 billion for 12 to 14 previously. Base 44 outperformance is expected to be offset by the continued shift in our core Wix business mix towards two and three-year subscription packages. So lastly, let's look at a DCF model analysis of Wix. So, I input Wix into my DCF spreadsheet and it's pulled in all this information. And you'll notice that before I get into the actual number that the EBIT margin is only 5.73%. So that means their operating expenses are very high and we saw in the financials their operating expenses right now are about 51% of revenue. So that's what driving this number really really low for the trailing 12 month. So given that the implied share price right now is $52.9 per share, which is a less than 50% of what the actual price is right now, I would input what the EBIT margin would be closer to, you know, 15 to 20%. And if we just put in a 15% EBIT margin, we get a price of $172.45 per share. That would be uh 64.4 upside from here. 1 to2 years, this EBIT margin would be much much higher than what it is right now. And here I'm just assuming a 15% EBIT margin. So it could be in the future that this is even higher if they can become more efficient as a company in their operations. So if that goes to 20% EBIT margin, we looking at a $236.9 share price. And that's it guys. I went through their business model and their moat. I went through their key financial highlights and their financials. I went through any risks that we need to take note as investors. And then I went through their DCF valuation. So as to what I am doing with Wick stock is I opened up a tracker position this morning and I will continue to add shares on weakness but I do believe that the EBIT margins should increase in the future. So this fair value should be well above what the current price is right now. If you like this content, please like and subscribe.
