---
ticker: WIX
type: youtube
title: "Is Wix (WIX) stock a good buy?"
channel: "Tykr Investing"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kyr_yQHaWdw
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 10829
---

# Is Wix (WIX) stock a good buy?

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Tykr Investing
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kyr_yQHaWdw

## 转录全文

In this video, I'll help you answer the question, is Wix a good buy, hold, or sell? I'll touch on four things. Number one, how does Wix make money? Number two, what's the latest news on Wix? Number three, what are the latest ratings in Ticker? And number four, I'll let you know what I plan on doing with this stock. And just so you know, if you want to see the ratings on this stock and more, you can join Ticker for free. Overall, if you want to buy and sell stocks with confidence, Ticker is your solution. All right, let's get started. How does Wix make money? Well, there really two main revenue streams. The first one would be creative subscriptions and the second one would be business solutions. Let's deep dive into those a little bit. So creative subscriptions, Wix is a SAS platform software as a service. Essentially, you can build websites very quickly. I think their starting price is somewhere like around 15, 20, 25 bucks a month. It's really taken a lot of market share away from the days when companies, agencies or marketing firms were building a lot of like WordPress sites because you can get up to speed much faster at a much lower cost. And I'm seeing a lot of businesses kind of move over to a Wix or Squarespace. And there's a few other platforms out there, but this is the future. For context, I had a business in the 2000s that was building websites and doing other agency services and got out of that business. Went through a merger in 2010. I kind of saw the writing on the wall. I'm like, "Okay, so it looks like Squarespace was founded in 2003 and Wix, I think, was founded in 2006." I'm like, "These platforms are going to take market share away from me. I'm out." And sure enough, they have taken a lot of market share away from a lot of service businesses cuz again, it's just a lot easier to add your credit card, create a Wix site, and I mean, within minutes, you can have a site up and running. It's incredible. All right, so back to Wix here. 70% of the revenue comes from that SAS side of the business. The other 30% comes from this business solutions, which includes a Wix payment solution, essentially like PayPal or Stripe. They charge around 2.9% and 30 cents per transaction, which is kind of the going rate for online payments. They also make money from their app store. They got like a app marketplace and they typically take about 20% commission. What it sounds like is a lot of different app stores out there. Like Shopify comes to mind is you can build an app, put it in the store, [music] you can make money by being in that marketplace. And then Shopify or in this case Wix, they're going to take a percentage of every sale. this case 20% that's about the going rate too. So I really like this business model and then they make a lot of money from reselling uh G Suite and Microsoft email addresses. I'm sure there's other services along with both G Suite and Microsoft but love that you're partnering with big businesses to resell their product and then of course you take percentage of the sale. And then it looks like they've got a tool called Ascend by Wix. It's a CRM. When I mention the word CRM what comes to mind is Salesforce. There's a lot of CRM tools out there, but they're really building a nice suite of tools here. I like where Wix [music] is going. All right, now let's move on to the latest news on this stock. First on the list would be their acquisition of an AI startup called Base 44. And what this does is uh Vibe Coding, allowing you to build complex web applications in a lot less time. I like the sound of that. So, I think that was a wise play. And then they're working on a lot more AI tools. for example, ways to automate e-commerce site building and it looks like some partnerships with Stripe as well as a visual automation builder. What that sounds like is streamlining business workflows. What I think of right away is like for example, we use an email marketing tool called loops and you can kind of put together workflows of like when things happen like it triggers other events like if an email is sent or something like that. There's a lot of tools that do that kind of thing. So, it sounds like Wix is adding that kind of workflow technology to their suite of tools. And then I do see some news here. This won't go over well with everybody, but they are mandating their employees to come back to the office 5 days a week. I don't love that. I'm a big fan of a hybrid situation or at least 100% remote. At Ticker, we've got close to 10 people in the team and we are 100% remote. Nobody has to come into an office. But I don't know if I agree with that, Wix. But, uh, to each their own. We'll see how it works out for you. All right. Now, let's move on to the latest ratings in ticker, and we're going to walk through the seven. This is a seven key steps to determine if a stock is a a strong stock or weak stock. We're looking for a score of five, six, or seven. And of course, before we get into this, I'll show you one thing. I always like to say this, which is if you go to ticker.com, go to education, then down to calculations, you can see the calculations, the open-source calculations on ticker. There's no black box here or secret formula. There's a lot of math, but it's relatively simple. And uh what we're essentially doing is looking at the last four years on those financial statements. We're not looking at the years actually. We're looking at the quarters because we want to see the growth rates between quarters. That's what matters. It's not the specific numbers. It's the percentage of increase or decrease from quarter to quarter to quarter. And when you do that with a lot of different lines, again, it's it's a lot of math, but it's relatively simple math. Anyway, let's get into Wix here. So, walking through the seven, the first thing we're looking for is that summary stocks are either on sale, watch, overpriced. It's like a traffic light. It's green, gray, or red. And we can see here Wix is on sale. Only about 15% of stocks in the market make it to on sale. To get to on sale, you need a score of 50 or higher. And you need a margin of safety of 50% or higher. So, we can see here 62, just over that minimum. And then margin of safety, we're at 50%. So, it's just barely on sale, but hey, it is on sale. All right, so we are three for three right off the bat with a seven in the middle. We're looking at the 4 amp confidence booster. We want to see an 80 or higher. We're at 55 here. A lot of room for improvement. So, let's click on boost confidence. I'm not going to go through this now. You can do this on your own. But this breaks down those four M. You get the math part. That's that summary score, margin of safety, and meaning is the business model. How does it make money? How many different revenue streams does it have? Then you have the moat. How does it compare to other businesses in the same sector and industry? And then the management is the track record of the CEO. So doing an analysis on all four manually, it could take you days to do that with Ticker. It reduces it down to seconds. In fact, you don't have to do it. You can just go look at the average score, which we just did. But let me click one more thing here and then we'll keep moving. This is the rating system. Of course, gamification is huge. So, we try to gamify a lot of the ratings and we're looking for 80 to 100 is high confidence in the stock. 60 to 79 is moderate and 0 to 59 is low. So, going back here, we can see yes, that average at 55, I wouldn't have a lot of confidence, but let's keep going. We'll look at the other ratings first before we make a decision. At the bottom here, we know the S&amp;P 500 typically returns about 80% over 5 years. And we know that past performance does not guarantee future results. But we like stocks that consistently beat the market. Not one year, but 5 years. And we can see here we're not 80%. We're not even close. In fact, we're at -67%. So, not looking very good there. Let's keep going. Two more things to look at. Go to the financials tab. [music] We can see here revenue is increasing nice and steady. This is great. But we're not going to the revenue line. We're going to EPS. And we can see here we did see two quarters in a row of increase on that EPS. Essentially EPS it is the number one most important line on the financial statements. Essentially the profits of the company earnings per share. And we can see here we go from 61 cents up to $13. And then it looks like we're kind of break even. So we're not going to get a point here on the EPS. We've got one more line to look at. Earnings calendar. We want to see three quarters in a row where they're beating their earnings estimate and we only see two. So going over to the seven, of course, you don't have to do the manual process I just went through. You can literally log in. You can look at the seven. You can even filter by stocks using the seven and you can go for stocks that are seven out of seven right away. But anyway, let's see what we get. I think we're going to get I think a three or four out of seven. We got a three. Okay. So looking at this breakdown here, yes, we can see the summary looks good, the score looks good, the margin of safety looks good, but there's a lot of other things to pay attention to here. And they're not checking the boxes. That 4M, that's pretty low. 56 5B returns also very low. EPS is not increasing. And the earnings, they're not beating their earnings report. So do I have confidence in this stock right now? No. I still I love their business model. In fact, in the 2000s, I wish I was the creator at the time, I was like, gosh, building websites for people, this is insane is, man, you work. I'm going to create a SAS product so like a thousand people can build a website like right now. Like, that's the business model you want. So, of course, Wix and Squarespace were [sighs and gasps] they were my heroes at the time. But anyway, looking at this stock, I'm going to add it to my watch list. if I see this jump up to like maybe a five or six out of seven, then I may start showing more interest, but right now they're going to sit on the bench for a while and we'll see what happens. All right, I hope you enjoyed this stock review. Let me know in the comments below what stock you want me to review next. Of course, if you want to see the ratings on this stock and more, you can join Ticker for free. If you stay to the end, thank you. Please like, subscribe, and share with a friend. Referrals from friends are one of the best ways to build a business. Of course, don't buy and sell stocks based solely on what you hear. Only buy and sell stocks that align with your own personal financial goals. Thanks for checking out this video. We'll see you soon. Bye for now.
