---
ticker: WIX
type: youtube
title: "How Wixx Mangutha Built a Creative Business"
channel: "Financially Incorrect "
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzu-yrPthww
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 86094
---

# How Wixx Mangutha Built a Creative Business

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Financially Incorrect 
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzu-yrPthww

## 转录全文

You can lose it overnight. You can get it overnight. Like your life can change overnight. [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Have you ever wondered what would happen if your house burnt down? Wix doesn't have to wonder. She lived it. &gt;&gt; My mom wakes us up. There was smoke everywhere. As you're leaving the house, she was just taking stuff, giving it to you. When we outside, we're like, "Wait a minute. Where's dad?" &gt;&gt; This is Wix, the coolest kid in town. A two times award winner, best animator, a two times pulse art influencer. award winner and she's a visual storyteller. She gets married early in her 20s [music] hear about how a lack of pursuit of self led her to numerous academic degrees. &gt;&gt; I look at my sister again. Money was never an issue to her. I really admired that. I walk into day. I go to the din and I'm like what can I do? And she's like you've already done all this. She's like you're sure? In my head I'm thinking I don't understand something. So computer science now I have three degrees but then it comes down to what waste &gt;&gt; hear about her husband Walter [music] and how he held her down for years while she was figuring out her path. &gt;&gt; Did you ever feel pressure? &gt;&gt; Yes, but he never made me feel that. &gt;&gt; After quitting her job after 2 weeks just took my bag and left. &gt;&gt; She [music] makes a deal with her husband to pursue her craft. and literally when the time on her deal [music] is just about run out in the 11th hour finally makes her first bit of money from her talent a payday worth 180,000 Kenya shillings &gt;&gt; so blazing with they get me I go there and reality starts kicking in and I'm like 180 &gt;&gt; investing in friends businesses can be tricky and costly hear about how this has cost them close to a million shillings in lost revenues [music] &gt;&gt; we were investing with friends and we don't put it on paper, contract, nothing. &gt;&gt; She gave us a bit of insight [music] about scaling in the creative industry, pricing, and how having a manager changed her career trajectory. &gt;&gt; The 10K gigs, I was like, it's not adding up. That's the first time I realized I actually need help. &gt;&gt; For all those who need to believe a little bit more in themselves, this is a money story for you. [music] Hey guys, welcome back to Financial Inc. I am the host Barack and it is a Friday so I have a money story for you. Hopefully this is going to have a lot of energy, a lot of a lot of color. Um hopefully it's going to be an exciting one. Um I have Wix Wix Manuda who's here with with us on financially incorrect here to tell us her her money story. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Hopefully there's lots of it. &gt;&gt; I hope so. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Even you're not sure. &gt;&gt; I hope so. I hope so. I hope guys will learn from me. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And like just pick a thing or two from how you got to where you got learn from you as well. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Um I want to make two quick announcements. By the time this episode is up, I'm pretty sure the Uganda edition will be up and running and like the business edition will also be fully back in play. Okay. So, we are back to our full system of, you know, two episodes uh a week. Um, two episodes a week. Yes. So, uh what's the two things I want to say? One, if you want to send someone, if you want to suggest a guest, if you know them or you don't know them, please check one of the links in the description box. Let us know whose money story you want to hear and give us like hard access people. If especially if you have links to the people, it would help um so we can try and get this their money stories here. The second thing is we are always trying to improve financially incorrect to be better for you to provide better value for the different things that you want from us. So please fill in that second survey. Let us know what um you want to uh what what you'd like us to do for you and we'll try and make it happen. And then I'm sure the subscriber video has played. But make Collins's dreams come true. Let's get to 100,000 subscribers. [laughter] It's on Colin's bucket list for 2026. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Anyway, &gt;&gt; it's going to happen. I think you guys are 75 76 &gt;&gt; 70 something. Yeah. &gt;&gt; 73. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I I couldn't be I feel I should I will not say anything about [laughter] my perception on subscribers. But let's get into your story. So what I know about you um &gt;&gt; you're a an animator, visual creator. I've used that word very like &gt;&gt; very broad broadly. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um you have three degrees. Um all first classes or majority if not all &gt;&gt; which is incredible. All first classes. &gt;&gt; Um yeah he's he's surprised. [laughter] Um &gt;&gt; the rest I'll tell you as I remember but I don't want to like preempt preempt the story. &gt;&gt; But yeah anyway welcome to financially incorrect. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Uh my first question non money question is do you have a favorite year of your life so far? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Yes I do. Um 2016 &gt;&gt; 2016 &gt;&gt; 10 years ago. &gt;&gt; Um do I say why? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like what happened? [laughter] &gt;&gt; Like what happened? &gt;&gt; Okay. What happened 10 years ago? &gt;&gt; In 2016. Um that's the year I got married. &gt;&gt; Uh I was I was 22. Um got married while in second year doing the third and final degree. Um I I was in between jobs but I was sure I want to get married. I think mostly because of love and then also mostly &gt;&gt; yeah mostly because of love [laughter] and then it's the year I started getting out of Kenya to go to Germany to teach dance professionally. &gt;&gt; Uh what else happened in 2016? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I think mostly because of love. It's the year I got I got engaged, then got married. &gt;&gt; Um, still in school. While in school, I'm modeling, I'm baking, I'm still dancing. Like, I feel like energy was &gt;&gt; right up there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Right up. Yeah. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I I I I was once told, I won't say who told me, um, but I remember someone told me, "If you get married young, you'll be married for a very long time." &gt;&gt; Oh, yes. Amen to [laughter] that. And I mean I mean I guess it gives you good chances of getting to these 40 50 60 anniversary type stories, right? &gt;&gt; And I'm wondering from your perspective, what what has &gt;&gt; being married at, you know, 22 &gt;&gt; um &gt;&gt; been, you know, taught you? What has it been like? M first of all, I'm so grateful to my mom for even like allowing me to get married at that age cuz I feel like especially for for babes like it's hard for moms to let go. I'm saying moms cuz I lost my dad when I was super young. Um, so the thing I learned about getting married young is &gt;&gt; like you're not thinking too much about it. You like this guy, you get married and you're young, so you're giving your best. And he's also young, so you he's also giving his best and you're growing together. Like I don't have an a lot of money. He doesn't have a lot of money. All we have are dreams and we are working on those dreams. E, if you if you have dreams and you're not working on them, why? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, yeah. &gt;&gt; What would you say like the pros? Pros and cons. If you can give me like a pro and a con of getting married young. &gt;&gt; Hey, con. Let me start with the cons. Cons, you are broke. So every coin like you have to manage it like visor kabisa cuz remember when I when I got married we had school to pay for uh we moved all the way to a river so we were renting at the time so we have rent we have bills we had like there was a lot and what I was doing at the time modeling and dancing they weren't bringing in as much money and baking as Well, but for Walter now, he was the soul bread winner. So, &gt;&gt; you were broke. &gt;&gt; Yeah, we were broke honestly. Um, what else? Yeah. Do you know that thing for in your life every season like the three things keep changing. So, there's time, there's effort, and there's money. [clears throat] &gt;&gt; So, we had we had time for each other kind of. Uh but ish is cuz I mean he's working like fulltime me I'm in school so ish ish &gt;&gt; uh energy we are young we have so much energy money we didn't have money so yeah those are the okay um pro &gt;&gt; pro like &gt;&gt; I mean you're talking about the building &gt;&gt; yeah building life together dreaming &gt;&gt; I mean nothing is impossible nothing seemed impossible and then you have the you have someone who believes in your wildest dreams yet you you're there doubting yourself. Yeah. So that was approved for me. &gt;&gt; That's cool. Let's get into your story now. &gt;&gt; So if I'm not wrong, born and raised in Nakuru. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Wait. [laughter] Born and raised in Nakuru. &gt;&gt; Um pretty welloff um family. Specifically your father was was making some really good money at the time when you were born. &gt;&gt; Yes. So you live a a relatively good life, right? Can you give an example of like what kind of setting you guys had, how you how you grew up at at that that point of your life? &gt;&gt; Hey, so growing up, my my dad was an engineer. &gt;&gt; Uh my mom was a school teacher and a farmer. So actually when I think about money and everything I know about money, it starts there. So my dad at the time engineers there weren't so many and his dad was also um well learned like he was really pushing them. Yeah. So acquire land do this for your kids like we were going you ask for anything you're given take it's yours. Um and my mom was a teacher so she would make sure how you walk how you sit everything like wellmannered. Um, and also my mom was a farmer, so they they had a farm. So, one thing was constant. We always had food, &gt;&gt; so food was never an issue. School, &gt;&gt; everything was good. &gt;&gt; What's your favorite uh money memory from that period? &gt;&gt; Uh, I love potatoes. So, they used to farm potatoes. Like, we never lacked potatoes in our home. Our our shamba was in Maok still is, but now there's no one farming. &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah, but I think having food at home like you wake up, roast potatoes for breakfast, &gt;&gt; chips for lunch, usiku, they've mashed the potatoes. Yeah. So, I think &gt;&gt; Yeah. And even living with my sisters, like we were five girls, one boy, my bro, God rest his his soul in peace. Um, so just growing up and knowing you're a family unit and you don't &gt;&gt; Yeah, those were good times. &gt;&gt; Okay, I can see you reminiscing even &gt;&gt; cuz life really changed at some point &gt;&gt; like Kabisa like one day you're here and then overnight your house burns. Um, my dad at the time he was epileptic so we lost everything overnight. And so at the time, [laughter] &gt;&gt; can you tell me a little bit about cuz I had, you know, have seen you talk about the house burning. &gt;&gt; How how like what happened and and how did the house burn? Were you in the house? Were you did you come back home and found the houses on the ground? &gt;&gt; So it was at night. Um back in the day, the bold and the beautiful when it's playing, kids go to sleep. Uh so I remember us guys going to sleep early. Uh so remember I've told you my dad was epileptic. Uh so as he could manage somehow uh then at night I don't know I can't remember the time well. Uh but my mom wakes us up and she's like wake up get out of the house like there was smoke everywhere. Get out of your of the house. as you're leaving the house, she was just taking stuff and giving it to you. Shika. Oh, wait. Can you speak? [laughter] &gt;&gt; Of course. Um, so whatever you could grab with your little hands like as you're leaving the house. So, grab, grab, grab. Uh, then we went outside. When we outside, we're like, "Wait a minute. Where's dad? &gt;&gt; He's inside. He's epileptic." um on his way out he collapsed. Um actually after our house burnt down my my dad didn't stay long like 2 weeks. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then he he passed on. &gt;&gt; Okay. I'm sorry about that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's okay. &gt;&gt; Did you ever figure out what &gt;&gt; it's not okay but Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Of course it's not. &gt;&gt; Did you ever figure out what the cause or the source of the the fire was? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So Kenya Power, it was something to do with Kenya Power. Um yeah, how how the lines and everything. So how our house was set up like if you come in from the gate like you go to the car park and then the car park uh wall and my parents bedroom wall were like uh attached to each other and then now the rest of the house. So the fire started from the car park area uh car garage and then yeah it started spreading. Yeah. And then it took it took fire brigades so long to get there. So by the time they were getting there I mean &gt;&gt; the damage was crazy. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So actually that's the first time like our life changed. I feel like my life story has been of moments changing but that's the first time &gt;&gt; I ever lost anything so losing our home losing my brother losing my dad um yeah then now from there my mom actually before the fire my mom had quit her job &gt;&gt; from being a teacher to now being a full-time mom because my dad would need attention here and there and those guys are still at home. When we come back home from tou my mom would yeah do the whole tution thing uh with us. Uh so our life uh lives really changed &gt;&gt; uh to the point where I didn't go to school for like almost one year &gt;&gt; cuz now at that time there was no free free education. it was it was it was a bit rough at that point. AI was heavy cuz now you see like now my mom there's nothing she can do. Should her focus be on her kids on &gt;&gt; the husband she's losing she just lost her son. &gt;&gt; Um you have five girls and girls are not cheap. Like you have salon the girls different girls different ages hormones everything. Um it was a lot for her. So we didn't go to school for one year. So um me me and my sisters, my two big sisters. So we are five girls. Um my two big sisters uh for them at the time they had finished till high school. So of which it was better compared to us who were still in primary school. &gt;&gt; Um so yeah we would do anything like to get a few coins here and there. Is it picking up plastics on the road and then going to sell them for recycling? Yeah. So, actually I feel like that's the first time I feel like I hustled for money. &gt;&gt; What do you think that that period taught you about money? &gt;&gt; You can lose it overnight. You can get overnight. Yeah. like money it's something I don't know it's good but as in it's sad that money controls everything cuz for us in terms of money my family my parents my parents had invested in land building the home we just lost and then after losing the home like all you have is the land but now you don't have the money to rebuild like it was a lot like if you don't have money you can't go to school &gt;&gt; it kind of felt unfair. &gt;&gt; Was there was there a home insurance option at the time or not as far as you are aware? &gt;&gt; I I don't think they had that option. Honestly, I don't cuz I think if they did then things wouldn't have &gt;&gt; turned the way they turned the way they did. &gt;&gt; Um the last thing on this &gt;&gt; Yeah. psychologically what does it mean to um I guess re reposition your mind almost &gt;&gt; where you're saying you know overnight things have changed but psychologically how do you does your does your mind also shift as quickly? &gt;&gt; No honestly I'll give it up to my mom cuz what my mom did was after burying my dad my mom tried hustling like starting a portion meal remember we still have the farm. Yes. &gt;&gt; Trying to get the maze from there. Then yeah, kosha flour you sell. Um and then it got to a point my mom was like Nakuru has so much pain and it reminds me of many bad things. Um then she called my sisters and I she was just like anything you can do to leave the country then leave. You have my blessing. All I'm asking is whatever you do, always prioritize education and don't forget family. Like this is this is the foundation of everything. And so my big sisters left then we were left like with me and two of my other siblings. So my other two big siblings, they left for Australia and Italy. &gt;&gt; School. &gt;&gt; Yeah. school as you work cuz now so even as you've gone like abroad you have to work as you study like find a way of striking a balance I guess that's for them that's where they learned it and then now for me it was now education let me let me tell you I really struggled with education after going back to school &gt;&gt; yeah did you have to go back a year &gt;&gt; um yeah uh no no No, no, no. Uh, so we did exams and &gt;&gt; you was you were still &gt;&gt; I passed cuz honestly I'll be very honest on here. I was the kind of student to score 189 out of 500. At the time it was out of 500. [clears throat] I don't know. Is it still the same? I &gt;&gt; No, now it's like now it's a totally different CBC is a totally different grading system. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. &gt;&gt; But I also did the out of 500. &gt;&gt; Yeah. out of 500. So 189. You get me when I say 189. &gt;&gt; You're struggling. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I was struggling. So my mom was like, I'm going to work so hard. Um, and your sisters have also agreed they'll be chipping in and then we'll take you to a private school then &gt;&gt; put in the work. The first time I got to 05, my mom, even my siblings came from abroad. They were like celebrated nearly then my mom was like keep pushing keep pushing keep pushing and I did. &gt;&gt; Sorry. What do you think the challenge was? Because it can't be comprehension because you're clearly an intelligent. &gt;&gt; I think &gt;&gt; I think just the creative mind like it's it was so hard for me to focus in premar school like every time I would think we have art class I was like oh wow. But that was shortlived because I didn't even do it for KCP. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I really loved art. My mind was on art fully &gt;&gt; and I don't know all these other things seemed too challenging. I don't know it. Yeah. I didn't think it was for me. &gt;&gt; True. Yeah. How do you eventually get &gt;&gt; So after classes so now I'm in boarding school. went to boarding school in class 6. So um my mom found a way of making friends with the teachers. So after classes I'll go to this one explain to me. Then one day u my English teacher told me by the way do you listen when I talk? [laughter] Where's your mind? No for real. Where's your mind? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then I told her I'm just thinking about um so and so is going to come to school. how I should make art for them. Like every Monday parades they would tell us so and so is coming to school. It was a private school. So there were there were a lot of activities and art was a big thing. So my mind was constantly thinking about maybe I should do this for them. Parents day is coming up. Guys will come to me. Please draw for me this. Do for me this. Then they pay me like 20 bob, 30 bob. &gt;&gt; I was thinking about money, thinking about art. Um then she taught me pol like every time after I've taught you now tell me what did you learn? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Then pol started becoming a good listener. Hey by day I passed. &gt;&gt; So you were just not pleasant in class. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I just wasn't there. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Emma, you look at a guy you're like ah start daydreaming. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. But yeah, I was just never there. &gt;&gt; So you eventually get through that. &gt;&gt; Get through it. I I do well go to high school and then in high school um high school I didn't do so badly off but the more I read the more I ate. So now in high school weight was now the issue. Imagine I was 110. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I was big. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's a boarding school like you take bread, crisps, biscuits, put them together, sandwich and eat. anyway um finished um high school but now uh as I'm just about to finish high school I start that's the time I start like seeing like I started being selfaware like I was constantly comparing myself to people which started from when the house banned cuz when I went back to school I was like what you have an Oxford set you you have the red set. Me, I don't even have the set. Like when it's exam time, I have to wait for guys to do their thing and then give it to me. &gt;&gt; Um yeah. Anyway, I I wouldn't wish that on any kid cuz &gt;&gt; it plays with your mind. You're not good enough. You're not deserving. Cuz now it felt like your whole world had been taken away had been taken away from me. &gt;&gt; But anyway, so finished high school. Tell me how you get through these three degrees. I know that I know there's an interesting story between them where &gt;&gt; you're comparing yourself to others and if you see someone has done a degree and they seem to be doing well, you went back to school and you did it. But yeah, tell me about the time frame you even do these three degrees and how you achieve these three first classes. Uh so for after I finish high school I get a sponsorship a scholarship from Kijijab Printing Press. And the thing with scholarships it's either you're performing or you're not. If you're not they drop you. I saw them dropping my friends. I was like hey got to work hard. Like so put in the work. Um honestly it's not something I really even enjoyed and true it's true I used to compare myself like my mom would even tell me even other things. Yeah. So remember the three things time, effort, money. I have the time, I have the energy. But like by the way, let me tell you after after high school, my mom would tell someone, "This is the end of me giving you money. Now start figuring it out for yourself." &gt;&gt; Yeah. Figuring it out. And that really okay doesn't mess with your mind but it opens up your mind to all the things you can do. So before school like you're thinking how can I get money like um even try at the time there was um there was an app what was it called where you would just chat with random people. &gt;&gt; I can't a social app. Yeah, you'll get on it and just chat. &gt;&gt; There were so many different people at that time. &gt;&gt; Yeah. When I remember the name, I'll send it to you then. &gt;&gt; Yeah. To go. &gt;&gt; To go. I I wasn't on to go. &gt;&gt; There was to go. So, you'll just get on it and chat with random people. So, like that's the time I started like knowing so many people from Nairobi school alliance nin guys are brilliant. They had ideas. But hey, &gt;&gt; you're thinking Um, so then my sister started baking, got into baking. Yeah. Then at the same time I'm doing school. So as I'm doing school, I'm like I have to achieve this. My cousin did this and she's doing so well. She's making so much money. Like I have to do this. Like &gt;&gt; I still have the thing, the love for art. &gt;&gt; But now I'm thinking &gt;&gt; which artist makes money? Yeah. May I at the time I hadn't met any artist who was making money. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Who was making money. &gt;&gt; Um so did well HR. Uh by the time &gt;&gt; how long does it take you to complete the HR degree? &gt;&gt; Uh so uh the thing with the scholarship like they would like they really pushing for you to do it in 3 years cuz even for them it's a good thing if you finish it. So I do the HR, I do the business administration and then immediately I finish um my mom tells me by the way I know I haven't been doing so well but now I have she had gotten a gig uh for energy saving gadgets uh with a company in Thailand. Um, hey by the my mom aki uh then she tells me now I have the money you can study whatever you want cuz now I will go to school and then when it gets now to the bit for working I'm like I work like &gt;&gt; so you had the the degrees and the &gt;&gt; yeah you have the degrees but you don't want to work of which &gt;&gt; I don't know what was up cuz I didn't want to put in the work now to go to work and make money like it was comfortable being in school cuz now you have scholarships and all right &gt;&gt; and even when I was in primary school it's and high school it's my mom and my sisters who who used to hold me down &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; so I think I don't know by this in a therapist what that was &gt;&gt; possibly &gt;&gt; yeah cuz I wasn't I wasn't passionate about it. &gt;&gt; So anyway, my mom tells me you can do now whatever course you want. See, you try even art at school. Yeah. Like what can you do? Cuz by now at home I have so many sketch pads with drawings of different people, different things. I would even take like um &gt;&gt; what is it called? sugar and color it then wait for it to kabisa then have you ever seen the sand art where guys draw people imagine I used to do that but now make names for people like mom and put a love heart &gt;&gt; she'll be like a me I've never seen anyone who does this and your dad I had never seen your dad doing art I've never done art so this is so new to me I'll support you but I was like no like it didn't seem cool because I didn't know anyone who did it. Um, so anyway, I look at my sister again. &gt;&gt; And my sister, her name is Sarah. &gt;&gt; She's doing so well. She's working at Spotify. At the time, she was in Estonia. &gt;&gt; And the husband, uh, the ex-husband was working at Skype. And I'd look at them and be like, "Wow, &gt;&gt; like you tell Sarah you want a laptop, &gt;&gt; you want a phone." Like she money was never an issue to her. And I really I really admired that. &gt;&gt; So um I go to I I walk into DA one day as I'm leaving for my dance practice. &gt;&gt; Uh we'll get back to the dancing and everything. So I'm leaving for dance practice. I shook here at DA Valley Road. I walk in uh I go to the din and I'm like so what can I do? And she's like hey you've already done all this. She's like you're sure you try masters and I'm in my head I'm thinking masters is so &gt;&gt; big &gt;&gt; so big don't want something so I want computer science. Then she's like, I think maybe you can make it for for it or for it. &gt;&gt; So I take the papers, I take to my mom. My mom like we have a lengthy conversation. You sure you want to do this? Are you sure? Like this is what you're passionate about? I'm like trust me, &gt;&gt; I'm so sure. So I get into DA then now um past year in DA uh this is now the time Walter and I start dating &gt;&gt; and Walter at the even &gt;&gt; and at this point you're 20 &gt;&gt; 21 22 &gt;&gt; um so Walter this time he's like what like I feel like this is such a waste cuz I think now he's started picking up M &gt;&gt; the girlfriend has an issue of coping people cuz even him I'll see him he's into photography and I'm like I'd like to try it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Let I think I can do it and then he'll be like but is it really your thing? Um so anyway I finish the degree &gt;&gt; and now I have &gt;&gt; three degrees &gt;&gt; but then it comes down to what a waste &gt;&gt; at the end of the day after &gt;&gt; at the end of the day. What a waste. &gt;&gt; So and in fact it's good you talk about the dance cuz I wanted to ask cuz you said your mom essentially up until she gets this this the Thailand gig she tells you guys you need to figure out your money situation. You've talked about selling cakes a little bit. Is where is the dance there? Do you pursue dance from a perspective of trying to make some money? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. So, um as much as I have school like I was a professional dancer by there I mean so many uh dance uh music videos. Um I've Yeah. All all the gigs Miss Universe Kenya. Uh so here's the thing. Let's start with what I started with. Uh dance. &gt;&gt; Do I have the time? At the time I had time. &gt;&gt; Oh, at the time. Yeah. At the time I had time. Do I have energy? Oh, yes. &gt;&gt; Money. Let's be honest. At the time, no. No. &gt;&gt; Then I get into modeling. Modeling. I did modeling for uh Maybelline New York. &gt;&gt; Uh many gigs. Uh Sah do I have the time &gt;&gt; at the time modeling cuz now I've entered school like it was day at the river now it's it's becoming a bit tricky cuz the distance there was no expressway uh so timeish is energy I had the energy for it uh but um money go &gt;&gt; so like on average how much money were you making then during this these is three four years or maybe four five years when you're pursuing school &gt;&gt; I think they would pay per gig and even for dance some dance for for some gigs you don't get paid it's those ones for you hope someone will see you and then your life will change overnight cuz I mean I've seen life can change overnight you think exposure can &gt;&gt; can pay and then now I get into baking oh baking had good money actually the the most money I ever made out of Oh, are we are we meant to mention figures? &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. &gt;&gt; So, the for the baking there's someone uh there's a lady from Daya. So, I used to juggle like school and baking till I realized I can't fatigue was getting uh to me. So, she ordered for a baby shower. It was a 4 kg cake &gt;&gt; and she was like, "So this is the time now with I've started practicing it in cakes." Like if you tell me you want a cake that looks like KCC, &gt;&gt; I would make it happen. Like just bake the cakes, find a way of putting the fondant and I loved it so much. Um, so anyway, she asked for a baby shower cake and it was a 4 kg cake, 18k. I was like bus if I do like four of this per week. &gt;&gt; But then you realize it took me like 2 3 days to to create that design and the fondant thing plus remember you have to buy stuff. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Anyway, yeah. So baking baking was shortlived kido but there people who will watch this and maybe yeah even share photos. I think I even have photos of when I used to bake. &gt;&gt; So when you're now getting to um 20 22 which is when you're getting engaged. I'm curious specifically you said you got you got married more for love than anything else. What are the financial considerations if any &gt;&gt; that you take into consideration before you get married? &gt;&gt; So, there's a thing uh Walter did. Oh, so my husband is called Walter. &gt;&gt; Big shout out. Big shout out to Walter. He's &gt;&gt; first people who ever recognized me from four for financially incorrect. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He walked out a huge fan. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And he told me, "Oh, I like the podcast." Anyway, that's a story for another. But big shout out to author. I thought you'd be here today, but he's not. &gt;&gt; Yeah. He's a good man. [laughter] A good man. &gt;&gt; Uh so, where was I? &gt;&gt; You were telling me about uh I asked you about the financial considerations. Oh, yeah. You guys. &gt;&gt; So, there's a thing Walter did before we started even dating. So, he was he was he was a family friend. So, he went home and to asked my mom out for lunch. I was in Da River. took my mom out for lunch and was like, I'd love to date your daughter. Like, [laughter] can I have your blessing? And then my mom was like, "Hey, me Bora Alisa Shoule, she's at home at 5:00 p.m. Can you imagine 5:00 p.m.?" [laughter] Oh my god, that thing really used to bore me. Anyway, so be home at 5:00 p.m. Um, I'm Alisa Shoule. Don't mess with the school thing. Um, so akama and when things get serious, will you hold her down? And Walter was like, "Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah." So by the time we're even getting married, let me be very honest at Bob guys. Honestly, it's Walter who catered for the whole thing. Actually, if the assuming the wedding is tomorrow, I had exams till tonight. Like [laughter] my last paper was at 8:00 p.m. I failed terribly on that paper. [laughter] &gt;&gt; All I was thinking about was the wedding. Yeah. But &gt;&gt; so yeah, &gt;&gt; but that's okay. But that's like the wedding itself. What about &gt;&gt; that's the wedding itself. So wedding is 6 hours, guys. So for our wedding, I don't know. We got a good MC. I don't know how he managed to make people it. He he made it look like for you to say hi to the bride and groom, you have to have a bahasha. So we got lots of money. But &gt;&gt; the thing that has really helped us when I think about it from then was from then the eve of now the wedding. We opened all those envelopes and then we were like we haven't finished paying the DJ. We owe DJ 50% of his money. We owe the MC X amount. what we hadn't. So, so even honeymoon like to come we were supposed to go for two weeks. Let's cut it short to 7 days &gt;&gt; cuz then now we can be able to plan for when we come back from the wedding and at the time uh Walter used to live in Raqqa and I'm in AI river. So we knew very well we we had to move anyway. So after that Walter again he's holding us down me in school cuz now living in a river and baking for guys it's becoming tricky because of the distance. Um I started creating apps for guys like &gt;&gt; do you need a an app for financially incorrect? I create it for you sell it to you sell it n but then again not many guys knew I could do that. Uh so it wasn't let's just say it wasn't sustainable. So it was Walter really holding us down. 2017 is election year. So even for Walter like his architectural uh jobs like there are not as many as the other years. Yeah. Soive. So, so for 27, I'm curious. Did you ever feel and and again I'm not asking this, you know, I'm not going to contextualize myself. &gt;&gt; Did you ever feel &gt;&gt; pressure or anything about the fact that he was doing &gt;&gt; single? Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yes. I mean, anyone would feel that. Imagine. But he never he never made me feel that if I'm being very honest. It's just me who wanted even me at least aim gift at least yeah I feel like I've contributed to this family of two like um even me I come and I'm like see I've brought this to the table like I really wanted that so when I finished school that's how I started doing a job that at a really good um company software engineering but it only lasted for 2 weeks &gt;&gt; cuz by now by this time my mom has passed on &gt;&gt; and I got into depression and then my mom on the last days she didn't care like okay not that she didn't care she didn't have yeah she didn't have filters this is what you're doing this is how you've been try working on this on this on this and she's told everyone good stuff and do were there waiting for your good &gt;&gt; message &gt;&gt; message goodbye and it's &gt;&gt; imagine stop you have to stop um &gt;&gt; so yeah so &gt;&gt; and so and that's when she tells you essentially stop stop comparing yourself to others comparing stop doing things for others &gt;&gt; yeah like you have all these sketch pads &gt;&gt; of you drawing and you know I don't know if you guys know when someone is about to pass on they normally have So much &gt;&gt; Yeah. The golden hour, I think it's called. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's what it's called. &gt;&gt; I think so. Yeah. &gt;&gt; I don't It was golden maybe for her, not for me. [laughter] &gt;&gt; She was rough. &gt;&gt; Hey, I feel like it was It was rough, but it's what changed my life. &gt;&gt; So, she's left me the message, stop comparing yourself. And I'm thinking, &gt;&gt; what do you mean? Like, now where do I even start? For art, all I have is sketch pads and now the the sand art thing and the sugar art thing. Like where would I start then? Yeah. Started working for two weeks. Then I remember so software engineer engineering is so heavy cuz now you have deadlines to hit. Remember we live where in a river. So, I'll leave at the river, come all the way to town, and then Walter after work, he'll have to wait for me so that we go home together. Then I'll have to leave home early again, go to work, leave work late, &gt;&gt; go home. Uh I remember week 2, I don't know what day it was at like 11:00, I decided, let me just take a break cuz coding in school and coding out here is so different. Like in school guys will be like wow wow wow w but at work someone looks at your work and they're like no I think you should change this add this n this n this and you're there googling &gt;&gt; um so at like 11 I go for tea break and I just text Walter I'm just like I'm tired and he calls is like by the corn how bad are we doing? &gt;&gt; Like we're not that badly off. &gt;&gt; So you just stop. I wouldn't advise anyone to do this. If you want to leave work, please, Naima. But me, I just took my bag and left. &gt;&gt; You just walked out. &gt;&gt; I just walked out. You never went back. &gt;&gt; And I never went back. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. I have two questions I want to ask you around um I guess that period of your life and and you being in the marriage because I think you've talked about &gt;&gt; when your mom uh passed on. &gt;&gt; You didn't speak for 2 months &gt;&gt; if I'm not 60 62 days. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You didn't say a word for 62 days. &gt;&gt; And you said um &gt;&gt; if I'm not wrong, you said something like that's when you knew Walter your husband like was going to be there for for the long haul and he was going to be there for you. M &gt;&gt; so that scenario and then this other one where you know &gt;&gt; when when when people speak about it it sounds almost romanticized you know of you're living in a river you're you're you're taking this long trip to work and it seems like you're building your dreams and then you're driving back home it sounds and you know and you're doing it with your husband it sounds almost so I'm trying to find out like what's the reality &gt;&gt; of again being married young and experiencing these &gt;&gt; I guess flying times during that period cuz &gt;&gt; I would assume it's not as easy as you know. Yeah, &gt;&gt; it's not cuz now you know when we were planning for my mom's burial funeral like everyone was there like by the way my family came to live with us cuz now they live so far so we were the only ones who used to live near Nairobi at river is Nairobi I think so [laughter] &gt;&gt; yeah so um they they'll come live with us we'll We had even rented the house opposite ours. Um, and cuz now the family is big. My sisters, their husbands, their kids, and then my mom now would stay in our home. And first of all, having a partner who who wouldn't start counting for you. E, your mom is staying with us and your siblings. H. So that means we have to add an extra tank, water tank, nin the bills, electricity bill has gone high cuz now we are so many and then per day we'll get we stayed with my mom for 17 18 days before she passed on. So &gt;&gt; it's like we knew everyone knew she was going. So we'd have like 50 to 100 guests per day &gt;&gt; and not as of course guys would chip in and give us money but there &gt;&gt; I don't know if you've ever hosted there are things &gt;&gt; not to that degree. &gt;&gt; Oh but still even if it's just two guests like there there are things you're going to buy money you're going to put in that even the guest won't know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Cuz you're the host. I mean at the end of the day um Walter never complained or anything. So there was a lot of noise. First of all there was a lot of noise cuz now guys will come in go out. So there's no time to process what is happening. Amma what has just happened losing my mom and then now after that everyone flew out. &gt;&gt; They left me there with Walter. The house was quiet. Like first of all, I didn't want to see anyone who I saw when my mom was dying, which is really everyone in my life. &gt;&gt; And Walter will be like, "If you need anything, I'm here for you." He'll be like, "Uh, tomorrow I'm going to to Vipingo or I'm going to Nuki uh for site visit. If you'd love to come, please." Yeah, we'll leave at 5. And at 5 will get me in the car. I'm sat. But you're not speaking. &gt;&gt; I'm not speaking. &gt;&gt; He did not say a word. &gt;&gt; He I wouldn't say a word. Even when he leaves me at the restaurant. Yeah. He'd leave like at SS um in Nuki cuz he would have to go past SS, he would leave like after he he has ordered for meals. Um &gt;&gt; how would you communicate? Just like nodding or like [snorts] with &gt;&gt; I wouldn't I wouldn't. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Like &gt;&gt; it was like whatever. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I was I was so done. Like I didn't know how much my mom meant to me &gt;&gt; till she passed on and the fact that my sisters lived very far and also even for them they're also going through it. I mean they've lost their mom. &gt;&gt; Yeah. If anything, I'm the last born I knew her for the short for the shortest time. For them, they've known for such a long time. Um, hey, hey, hey, bro. I don't know if if you've ever lost, and I wouldn't even want anyone to know this feeling cuz it's so bad. First of all, you lose your home, you lose a sibling, you lose your dad, you you lose everything. And then now the one person who has been giving you strength all this time &gt;&gt; isn't there anymore. &gt;&gt; Isn't there anymore and she's left you with such a heavy message that no one can help you process. &gt;&gt; I I mean tried therapy even the therapist called Walter. She was like, I ai &gt;&gt; I wouldn't want to waste your money cuz a she's &gt;&gt; she's not respons but it's not working &gt;&gt; and Walter really held me down even then. Not once was he like I just finished school. &gt;&gt; He wasn't like &gt;&gt; none of that. &gt;&gt; None of that. And then one day we sat down together like the way we would normally go through life. And then he was like, &gt;&gt; you know, when I said for better, for worse. Like it's easy for you to say for better, for worse. &gt;&gt; On a wedding day. And you think maybe worse, it's you guys going hungry for maybe not having dinner or lunch. the following day. But what if it's deeper than that? So it was like I feel like when I said for us then maybe this was for one of those seasons &gt;&gt; cuz right now how I'm feeling I'm not feeling too good. Like I'm even 2026 piano. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I thought this is so different. My gosh. &gt;&gt; It's interesting that you have Well, I guess it's good that you have some human some human. Collins did pass past weeks that &gt;&gt; it took me so long to do this makeup. H I just stay with it. &gt;&gt; I don't know. I [laughter] guess I guess I &gt;&gt; Do you cry? I I the last time I probably cried for sports &gt;&gt; really. [laughter] &gt;&gt; But but I but but I I I fortunately have not had a a um &gt;&gt; like a a you know a major major loss in in my life. I don't know what I'll do if if I can only imagine. I can only imagine. &gt;&gt; Anyway, so Walter was like when I said for was maybe maybe this was it. And I could feel it in his voice, it was so heavy for him and him having to show up for work and knowing very well your wife isn't okay. It's not something you can go to the hospital and be like it's like a headache [clears throat] and then therapy isn't working as it it almost felt every time Walter says he felt like he had he had lost me &gt;&gt; and he wasn't sure even if I was to come back I'll be the same person like I'll be someone so different. Um, so &gt;&gt; so that pulls you out. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that that pulls me out and that's now the time now I start doing this software engineering job cuz now I'm thinking &gt;&gt; this man has really held me down cuz now by 2019 we had been married 3 years. &gt;&gt; Yeah. cuz so I quit work &gt;&gt; then Walter is going to site road mahali so he leaves me at TRM Java actually by I really love that TRM &gt;&gt; cuz you you see that thing I'm telling you in a sound car movie life could change &gt;&gt; but That's now the day he left me at TRM. Uh went bought a notebook, sat down with it and a pen. I was like, I'm giving myself one year. One year like do share my art as much as possible cuz now the only place I could share my art that I could think about was online. &gt;&gt; Like I wasn't sure where else would I do it. So I was like I'll I'll do it for one year. So I start sharing my work nin then what is it called? Uh you know when they have news segments and then there are funny funny uh segments they put in &gt;&gt; like I see my art for the first time in those funny segment things. I I'll never show my face. &gt;&gt; Um not unless you go to my page then you would know oh this is how this babe looks. But actually on X at the time Twitter guys used to think I'm a guy cuz I wouldn't even do nails n um so yeah I'll share my work nin then yeah even guys post post post post. So now we start going to people's DMs. Aki, please tag me. It's me who did that work. If you tag me, it's going to really like boost me. Okay. So somehow I get why some people wouldn't see the DMs cuz I think when you're a public figure, you get so many in a day. &gt;&gt; Yeah. In a kati. &gt;&gt; so if I'm not wrong, you go for about a year. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I go for one year. And and that doesn't bring any money. &gt;&gt; It doesn't bring any money. In fact, first of all, I don't even think I've ever shouted out Bright Gi. &gt;&gt; He's the first. At the time, Bright had like 6K followers. And I was like, "Wow, what a man." [laughter] So, I told him, "Please tag me." And he's the first person who ever tagged me. Then every time he would share my work, he would like say, "Go follow, go follow, go follow." So I do that for one year and no money has come through. Then 2020 Jam Hur I do the rice art thing. I throw it up. You think when you go viral brands just start streaming in tricky &gt;&gt; me waited. I was like everyone is living a lie. All these influencers content creators. &gt;&gt; I was like it doesn't make sense. And [clears throat] I remember at the time Aad's um rate card had leaked. &gt;&gt; I was like I So I'm here sharing my art. &gt;&gt; Like I can do this with rice. [snorts] In fact, I expected rice brands to come through and they didn't. So we cross over to 2021. Co really helped me cuz now everyone is at home on their phones. year &gt;&gt; 2020 in terms in terms of like years once you're out of school. This is year &gt;&gt; I finished school in 2019. &gt;&gt; 2019. Yeah. Okay. &gt;&gt; Graduated. Is it June or July? DA. &gt;&gt; Okay. So this is year three. &gt;&gt; So 2020. No. Then started working in 2020 January. &gt;&gt; Quit after two weeks. [laughter] &gt;&gt; You do the year. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then I go I do the year thing. &gt;&gt; Co we are at home everyone. So 2021, we've crossed over. I've done the art thing uh 12th January 2020. &gt;&gt; So we cross over to 2021 and I'm I gave myself one year &gt;&gt; cuz now it's just about 2:00 and &gt;&gt; and still all during this period your your husband is still a perfect husband not saying a thing. &gt;&gt; He's he's supporting &gt;&gt; do you do you need that supply? Do you need sketch? &gt;&gt; By the I think I think God really blessed me. &gt;&gt; I I hear stories. I'm like here &gt;&gt; can't relate. So I just But truly I'm not saying he's perfect. &gt;&gt; But he's been such a blessing in my life &gt;&gt; Yeah. Then 2021 on 7th January I'm sat at home actually Walter started working he's gotten back to work he's working from home and &gt;&gt; at some point does he stop working &gt;&gt; uh who Walter know cuz now it was the festive season yeah he's gotten back to work uh and I'm thinking why all this for nothing and art takes time I'll even spend like even sometimes 20 days doing tissue art. Then I insert Sis song and then [laughter] nothing happens and then nothing happens &gt;&gt; and anyway so I'm like w so so this is it cuz now it felt like a I've really tried &gt;&gt; it felt like almost like I had put in my 10,000 hours in that one [laughter] cuz now you spend 48 8 hours 20 days and I'm solo [clears throat] by this time my hand is swollen remember the three things &gt;&gt; at that time I had time I had energy but at least [laughter] it's mine but it's not &gt;&gt; as a family unit in that period are you guys progressing like is Walter progressing are you guys doing &gt;&gt; Walter is progressing like Um by now he's his story is another one like [clears throat] he started by Yeah. Anyway, he his work is progressing. Yeah. I feel like is really taking good care of us. I mean, we we've bought new couch, new carpets, um and at the time, so cuz remember, I'm not working. &gt;&gt; Uh at the time, even the investments we are making as a as a family, they're not so wise. I I'm not discouraging anyone who does this but we were investing with friends and in people's businesses it's like coming to you and asking you so &gt;&gt; how much do you need for financially incorrect then we &gt;&gt; we put in the money and we like so how much will we be getting back and we don't put it on paper contract nothing money, bro. &gt;&gt; You lost you guys you lost money there. &gt;&gt; How much do you think you guys lost through those kinds of &gt;&gt; I guess angel or I don't even know the angel investments or those investments? I think it was a lot if almost clocking 1 million cuz now we we have zero not I don't want to say zero knowledge we have some knowledge but it's it's those ones for you trust your friend has this business uh like if you put in money there then you can be getting money every month but it doesn't happen that way you've put like 50k here 25k here 100k that if you look at it then over time this x amount. Yeah. And anyway so uh where was I? &gt;&gt; You about to tell us how B called you. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So 7th January &gt;&gt; a lady called Irene. She calls I'm like hey I've been looking for your number in this Nairobi. No one has your number. So blessed anyway they get me and yeah I go to Safari it's called Safari House on my way. I go there and reality starts kicking in and I'm like what000 I was shocked. &gt;&gt; I was I was like what do you mean? What do you mean? So I thought after that now brands will start coming and for sure they started coming but now the first gig I ever did for a brand after know the blaze thing they paid me 10k but I was like at least at least &gt;&gt; I'm starting somewhere but it was for eight videos. So, if I buy the art [laughter] supplies, &gt;&gt; if I buy Yeah, the art supplies. And &gt;&gt; um Walter started off as a photographer, so he would teach me angles, how to shoot nin. Um I'm guessing through photography, he knew videography. He taught me how to edit n. So, I wasn't I didn't have a videographer photographer. But anyway, it was a lot cuz now the art at home, if you've seen my art, it's normally &gt;&gt; it's it's a lot of work. &gt;&gt; It's a lot of frames or it's um like the artwork is huge. So, by this time we've made one of the rooms, one of the bedrooms like my storage area. Then home started feeling less like home, more like a &gt;&gt; a work space. &gt;&gt; A work space. So, and my hand is swollen. So, Walter was like, "By the day, I think now you need a team." Oh, before we get there, so the 10k gigs, I was like, "It's not adding up." That's the first time I realized I actually need help &gt;&gt; like with the managing thing and then now my hand is swollen. meaning I need guys even if I'll be the one drawing the frames someone to be helping me to cut someone who knows videography they can be shooting for me &gt;&gt; uh so I it's it's after co yeah so there are no gigs you don't know where to meet you know how I reply [laughter] so um gigs started coming out so I told Walter see we we go for these gigs we meet people there first of all at the time I feel like I've really grown at the time I was an introvert like super shy [snorts] like before I come approach you for help it would take me so long cuz I'm overthinking &gt;&gt; what if I tell him this and he says this how should I reply so anyway so we go for the event and that's where I meet my my ex manager. &gt;&gt; Um and she's like, "Okay, s let's set up a meeting." And we met uh we met. She had made a rate card proposal and how we will be working and I look at the rate card. I'm like, "Hold up. Who's going to pay this?" &gt;&gt; at this point. &gt;&gt; What were some of the figures that on the red card that were uh so at the time &gt;&gt; she was she had suggested uh for per video at video 150k &gt;&gt; 150k I'm just from doing eight videos for 10k [laughter] like what do you mean? So um let's give it a shot. So at the time Nokia had come through, KFC had come through and she shared and we started the work. But now &gt;&gt; deadlines &gt;&gt; remember my hand is swollen. One hand that's &gt;&gt; it's just me who's doing everything &gt;&gt; and not unless Walter is free he'll come through but otherwise cuz even him his work is heavy. Yeah. Uh so we wake up one morning at the river Kimber crossed to the other side of the road. We got a two-bedroom apartment. We're like okay this is now going to be our studio. &gt;&gt; The table I was working with from home. It was just it was the one I even used to study from when I was in school uni. &gt;&gt; We take that take the chair. Um Walter went canon dining. So one bedroom was his office, another bedroom was my office and then now there's the living room. It's just the two of us and it's coming through. Yeah. But honestly, I need help. And he's like, um, I have a friend we used to be in uni with. Are you willing? We we try. We see cuz he can he can be working for us cuz now it's now it's art and art. &gt;&gt; So we see like cuz now with computer science you have to do project management. So you be project managing for me uh when it comes to art. And then &gt;&gt; art we all dive in. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So we go for the interview garden city Java. We go to Oh, actually I'm working with Java right now. So it's okay. So we go to Garden City Java. We have the interview. The guy's like okay so when do I start the like is like I'll be there. So he comes and it's scary. It was so scary. &gt;&gt; Let me tell you why. For two reasons. One, I had never had someone and like &gt;&gt; depending on me. Like if I don't pay them, they don't have rent. They can't pay for bills. They can't leave. Like what do you mean? &gt;&gt; Yeah. The second reason, what if he comes, I train him all this stuff and then he takes my ideas and leaves. But then what if I don't train him and he stays? So anyway, so we get him and he comes. We do work, we work, we work, we work, we work. &gt;&gt; Then ta we we are now growing, brands are now coming. &gt;&gt; I actually want to ask two questions before you go too far. The first one is so when you start making money, when you start now making your own money, what do you do with your money? So do your people judge people in comment section you delete &gt;&gt; they don't they don't they don't &gt;&gt; so um how Walter and I at the time of operating we didn't even have an accountant &gt;&gt; so we would just uh Walter would file uh from from at the time with his partner He had a partner. Um they would file on their own. For me now it it wasn't those times for e teams. Yeah. So got again got an accountant but they weren't &gt;&gt; they weren't advising us on how to go about finances. It was just for filing purposes. The accountants that's what I'm trying to say. Um he has his accountant. I have my accountant. But now for the money, we'll put it on the table and decide what to do with it. &gt;&gt; So you combine both together. Okay. No, all of us together. &gt;&gt; And &gt;&gt; did you ever feel like repaying him &gt;&gt; for that? You know, for the years he had been holding both of you down. Did you ever have that? &gt;&gt; No. But I think through Walter not having not judge not not judging uh never never being like this is my money you you're not making money. It it even gave me the courage for we can do this together like I want us to do this together manage it together cuz I saw him handling the finances solo. what if we do it together and &gt;&gt; it worked for us. Um so we'll be like what do we want to do? remember we were investing in Bhashara but now we sat down um this was now in 2021 towards the end uh crossing to 2022 and we were like what if now we start we get into a business we are familiar with uh Walter comes from a family where his his parents have been into real estate so and him he's an architect What if we start there? That's the time now we got into real estate like now buy land build sell uh have tenants nin and since then now till now it's what has been working for us like &gt;&gt; it really hit us like sometimes you normally look for for me it was a lesson cuz sometimes you look for something that will bring you in money and it's right there with you like art had been there with me all along. The real estate had been there with Walter all along like [clears throat] from the parents now and him being an architect. &gt;&gt; Um so that's now where we started. &gt;&gt; Can you walk me through maybe this first real estate project that you decide to invest in? How does that how how does that work? How do you make your money back? How much it cost you guys to get into it? &gt;&gt; Uh so it's a project in Shags. uh built it it's at the road kapisa so built containers and then rent them out for basharas so every month like you you have money coming in then over time cuz now we are still also working money is still coming in then started now buying land uh Walter will draw the houses find a way to uh build them uh because now he knows so many contractors um and then sell the first one and yeah, sit down, think about I feel like you should have Walter on here cuz he would he would tell you like even with the with the figures with the maths and everything. Um, by the way, why don't guys share about money anyway? &gt;&gt; I'm asking you [laughter] after this podcast about you. Anyway, so yeah. Um sometimes you make there's profits to be made sometimes once very few times losses. Um but yeah so we get into real estate still working then at the river became too far for us &gt;&gt; now it was time to take a big risk cuz now they were building the expressway and it would take us like four or five hours to get home. So if you have a meeting in town, like if you have like three meetings, it meant you you had to figure out your day cuz now you you couldn't go back home at remember our studio days in a river as well. You can't go back and then come back this way. &gt;&gt; Um and I'm starting to feel the pressure for I don't have a big enough team cuz now I'm even saying no to some gigs. My manager is saying no to some gigs. Um, &gt;&gt; a question on the saying no. &gt;&gt; Um, how much money at that time? How much money would you say you'd be averaging a month in that time? And is it from a perspective of you're making enough money or if you had a bigger team, you would have taken those gigs? &gt;&gt; Uh, I think if I would have had a bigger team, I would have taken those gigs. &gt;&gt; Um, at the time it's like 150 per real. So, and it's heavy art. art that would take like two 3 weeks to create, then like 5 days to shoot, then like a day or or two days to edit. So like at the time I would work with like Max Max Kabisa like two brands and maybe there are like three more brands &gt;&gt; asking if we could work together. &gt;&gt; So you see like I really needed a team &gt;&gt; and the same for Walter at the same time now he's having so many meetings so many clients he he has to get to town so we decide to move closer to Nairobi. Okay. So what we were paying in AI river for the studio now the studio in a river uh in Nairobi it's way smaller like half the size and we are paying like triple but now that I feel like that that's growth cuz then now we started getting a team building a team. Uh, this was in 2020. 2020. Oh, 2020. &gt;&gt; Going to be less for 2023. &gt;&gt; 203 perfect 2023 guys. Peter is here. [laughter] Peter is my videographer. So 2023, we've match we've come to Nairobi. Um we got a house um a studio uh we have the one employee DV but now Aki we need a team. So on on in one day we got three employee employ employees we got Peter we got Tamara and um and and uh what's her name? Serita. Oh my god. I'm sorry. Serita, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. And Serita H. So now the team has become big. That means when I draw De is there to cut and um and Peter to shoot and then uh Tamara for the styling cuz let me tell you something, people will give you work based on how you look, how you talk, how you walk. &gt;&gt; So it was all about branding. Like I had even like to get an expert on how when you go for interviews how you should answer nin of which I I don't know if I'm practicing because I feel like real endro conversations for me they &gt;&gt; they are better anyway. Um so really worked on that branding. Um and then now over time now more work is coming. So the team was bu was getting bigger. And are you growing your red card as your team is growing and you're saying you're working on your branding? What effect does that have on on your &gt;&gt; card? Cuz now I have all these people and I still have the two fears. What if I train them and then they leave and &gt;&gt; I still have like at the end of the month first of all the thing with content creation and it's the same with architecture. I don't want to speak s for Walter. He'll come. I'll come. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The I feel like for creatives like you're not assured of being paid at the end of the month. It's 30 days, 60 days, 90 days sometimes. Uh so sometimes the money you get means you have to plan &gt;&gt; very wisely for it cuz now you have a team that's depending on you like at the end of the month for them they are expecting &gt;&gt; pay. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh so we grow the team. The rate card is growing. Uh so this is 2023. &gt;&gt; Uh I think now it was now 250 &gt;&gt; 250 300. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Now it more work as well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Now I'm able to do more work. &gt;&gt; Then a big thing happens in 2024. &gt;&gt; All this time I was a content creator. um US embassy they used to invite me for for their gigs. If they have lunch for guys who've done exchange program they would call me and I'll go [laughter] I'll go have lunch when they have um like um new people coming to the embassy and they have a party for them. They'll invite me. I'll go. Um, and all this time I remember wondering like where is this leading? Um, they would bring in machines uh for for art uh for the embassy and I'll be the one to go fix them and teach them either like come to the embassy. Go to the embassy. They give me a tour. First of all, I don't even know where I've been called there. I do the 1 hour check &gt;&gt; to get through. &gt;&gt; Yeah. To get through. I get in and yeah, they walk me through. They're showing me this is uh this department. This is the department for so and so. Uh this is whoever's office blah blah blah blah blah. They show me around and I'm like, "Hey, bro, what's happening?" And then we go sit down. And after walking me around for like 30 minutes, I don't even remember whose office was whose at that time. Um, and then we sit down there like, "We've been seeing your work and thank you so much for every time you show up. Um, we you have crazy talent and we'd love to work with you. uh be the creative director and it's going to start with the 60th um celebration of us being in Kenya. I was like a hair. So yeah, we we want you to do art um and then present to the ambassador was like wow. And I'm thinking, so is this a paying gigini? And [laughter] and I I sit there the meeting and I listen and I listen. They're like, "Okay, so now let's go go do the the concept everything. Then from there we are going to talk about how it's going. we are going to be working together and it's the biggest project I've ever done &gt;&gt; actually till date. &gt;&gt; It's the biggest project I've ever done. So I go sit and I'm like wow 60 years of which the events normally have like a thousand plus people. So I'm going to present to a thousand plus people and presenting in front of the ambassador. This is huge. &gt;&gt; This is big. By this time the biggest brands I had worked with was Samsung and Fanta. So for me I was like oh my god this is next level. &gt;&gt; So sit down with the team come up with the concept and everybody knows what they are meant to do but this team is so small. We even needed a mathematician for this gig &gt;&gt; to ensure you get it right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And a welder. And in total I had 21 like a team of 21 people and I had a month to do it &gt;&gt; to execute it &gt;&gt; to execute it. &gt;&gt; How do you when when when you're quoting this looking back now do you think you're undercharged? because of the opportunities that I've come after. No. &gt;&gt; Okay. But if you're looking for it like pound back for you know shilling for shilling. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So I really undercharged and I'll tell you why. &gt;&gt; Uh so after we we did the gig uh the whole thing presented and gosh we're so remember our studio. So guys we got a studio apartment. So the thing with my with our business it I don't have walk-in clients. So I can I can &gt;&gt; it's easy for me to choose where I want my office. So it was actually it was like the space of this office &gt;&gt; so remember we are 10 of us okay the account the two accountants they come in when it's really necessary so there's eight of us but we're in this space and we have the biggest project we've ever done. So as we working on this project, us guys were like see we're just going to collapse it and then take it out the door and then to Roudish as we took it out. So we were using fish lines. The fish lines tangled &gt;&gt; and they had um what are they called? The acrylic uh plates. The fish line will go under and overana. So we get it out. Oh, first of all, when we are in, we realized the welder didn't do a good job. So, we had to change the welder. Anyway, so anyway, we took it out. Then we we had like to request the embassy. We know the gig is tomorrow, but trust us, we'll bring the project tomorrow morning [laughter] just before the the the gig starts. &gt;&gt; And they're like, "What do you mean?" M &gt;&gt; so anyway we find a way of working around it and we took it at night and then yeah we presented the whole thing then they were like for for it to go to the embassy cuz it was happening at the ambassador's residence go with it and then you're going to like bring it after embassy has many approvals guys so after the approvals you'll bring it back in. So [snorts] we stayed we stay with it to make collapse one week. In fact we took it we really looked for somewhere to put it. We decided let's put it basement &gt;&gt; somebody pinch me because go back in anyway go back in time I wouldn't do that. So took it to a basement week one week two. So every time um the lady who helps to clean the office and cook for us every time every was it Wednesday she would clean uh would go downstairs to bask. As we're basking, one of us says project. He goes and he comes back looking so depressed. He's like, "Guys, guys, acrylic plates in my fish lines. We only have the tuma, the frame, &gt;&gt; everything is gone." &gt;&gt; And I'm here crossing. It took us like a month to do this thing. Please approved it's now approved. You can bring the project cuz I have no project no project to deliver. &gt;&gt; So we got so stressed we decided see we walked to junction to K Ice Cream. We walked to junction. Everyone is so stressed like what do you mean? We have we have to do this all over again. 21 of us &gt;&gt; and I can't even tell the client cuz what do you mean it it got spoiled? That sounds like a you problem. &gt;&gt; So anyway, Java to make a this guy's call &gt;&gt; and they bring it over. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi Weeks. Oh, we're so happy to let you know you can bring in the project. Then we start thinking of now the future. Whatever. Whatever. I'm thinking future [laughter] already. Do you know we didn't sleep? So it's starting to go downtown. First of all, art takes a lot of mental preparation for me. I don't know about the rest. But for me when a project comes I I have to let myself know okay for the next one month you have no social life you have no this you have no sa what do you mean I have to work on this like you're ready for us so I call them and I'm like um can we can we like try push it by like a few days guys we worked on We did the project guys. It came out better than the first one. &gt;&gt; So we took it to the embassy and then after that now by this time I mean my rate card has changed. &gt;&gt; I'm not the same. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I can imagine. I have two questions for you on that. One, how did you rally your team? &gt;&gt; Yeah. to cuz if I'm not wrong, you did this you did this project in 36 hours. How do you how like what are the things you're telling your team to get this thing redone in 36 hours? How are you keeping them motivated? &gt;&gt; First of all, Peter is here. He's from the studio. &gt;&gt; Guys, I believe when I tell you my life, God has been bringing to me good people. I mean it. These people work so hard. like on a Sunday these guys will call you and let you know they're at the office. Like out of kuji like it it's even gotten to a point like first of all I was such a toxic manager starting out. I was those ones this manager X and Y. I don't know which one I keep confusing them but there's one who micromanages people. I was those ones form but now over time because I have a good and even seeing how Walter Walter nothing shakes him. So guys these guys assured me they have my back &gt;&gt; and for sure they had my back. When I tell you Now there's no time and US embassy. This is such an amazing opportunity. So anyway, we did the project again and we took it installed it nin. So it had been installed there for like one year. So every every time someone would look at it and be like what what did this what is it called? an opportunity. What? Please come do murals for my office. Please come do this. Come do that. Come do this. &gt;&gt; It got to a point we now do at um lights for guys at if you want a light that's shaped like your face. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We can do it anyway. [laughter] &gt;&gt; I mean cuz the premise of of how we went down this road was you're telling me why you felt like yes you may have undercharged but &gt;&gt; at the end of the day it paid off. &gt;&gt; It really paid off and not even in terms of money only and opportunities only. But the rel what it did for my relationship with the team, it did wonders. Cuz right now, I'll be very honest with you, my for guys who work at week studios, you report to work whatever time you want. You feel like you want to report at 11 and you'll work. In fact, when when we decided to do that, you realize guys even push harder than for themselves. like &gt;&gt; as long as the work gets done. &gt;&gt; Yeah. As long as the work gets done and people don't like being micromanaged especially creatives. Imagine just trust them it will be done. &gt;&gt; I have to ask you because you are financially incorrect. &gt;&gt; So financially speaking what does that project doing that project do for your finances &gt;&gt; and redoing it? How much into your profits are you eating to redo this project um to then deliver it? were actually went into my pocket deep to make it work. Yeah. To make it work, Jenna. Uh but &gt;&gt; these guys still have me &gt;&gt; the US embassy as in it it it cost a lot. But right now, if I'm being honest, because of that project, how much I charge, it's very different. &gt;&gt; All right. So, that's sort of the the big milestone in in 2024. &gt;&gt; What's what's And and in your now like personal money life, what's what's what's money like there? How what's your I know you said you you combine your money, you auto, but like what's your money philosophy? What's your budgeting process like? Are you purely investing in real estate only? Are you not touching anything else? &gt;&gt; Uh actually, so recently, like is it 2 weeks ago shared on online uh there's um a dog business we've been doing. &gt;&gt; Do you want a toy poodle or do you want a cockas panel? Do you want a sausage dog? What other what other dogs are there that people like, but it's hard to find Kenya in Kenya. So, we have a dog business. &gt;&gt; So, you start that in 2024. Uh no uh so it's a family business that we fully m into and uh kind of got shares in it. &gt;&gt; So decided by there I've been marketing other people here why not start sharing even the dog business and to my surprise oh my god in two weeks like guys have really come through. um goes to show you sometimes you may be afraid to share something but more &gt;&gt; um also investing back into week studio um the point is to have the biggest animation studio in Africa that's my goal idea um when you ask a kid in Africa what's your favorite cartoon then they mention cartoons that have been produced from week studios that will be amazing and just create employment for the youth. I feel like &gt;&gt; there's there's a lot to be explored in terms of art. There's AI right now, but I mean I I feel like AI is a whole other conversation, but &gt;&gt; investing back into the business. Um there's real estate dog business and nowadays still invest in people's businesses but now we we we do the contract structure. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I think biggest lesson for me it I I hear stories of it working out for other people bashara with friends and family but for me even family knows is can be let's go the legal way like cuz I've seen guys over money and it gets messy and ugly. &gt;&gt; Okay. So in terms in terms of rate card um the art we do nowadays point is to keep growing. Yeah. When I look at the quality for the art producing 2020 and right now I mean it should be different cuz at the time with a team um it should be different. So it ranges like if different arts different pays. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. And so it looks like even the way that you make your money, there seems like to be, you know, like the brand deals and then there seems like there's like commission work. &gt;&gt; Um are those the two main pillars of of I guess how you're generating your revenue. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So yeah, we do &gt;&gt; brand work uh like the whole with the brands. Um and then like now yeah when guys commission us to do work for them nin uh of which it's also normally like companies coming through like how creative can you be with our logo um we want to put it at our office with the lighting with the whatnot. Yeah. And then now um I also come through for Walter when it comes to interior design. &gt;&gt; And now he has his own project manager at least to my group [laughter] but yeah I feel like &gt;&gt; the act team. So at our studio we have act team and art team. Act team somehow ps into art team and art team somehow ps into act team. So maybe next week design work is there taking photos and doing different things. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. So it seems like I guess like a really wholesome project. What what what right now um contributes more to your income more if I'm to split it down the middle between the commissions and the brand work. What do you think &gt;&gt; um gives you more money? &gt;&gt; Or is it split down the middle? So I feel like for commission work like it's okay honestly it's branding cuz like now depending on the kind of art you want like it will range from 500k to a million. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And how long it's going to take &gt;&gt; take you to execute. Okay. I mean it seems like you've achieved uh you know success in a relatively short um by short I mean if you're saying &gt;&gt; uh you're starting uh 2021 &gt;&gt; right it's been I mean it takes you three years to get the the US embassy gig that you're getting and now you're at a level of growth where you're like yeah you're four year five in &gt;&gt; yeah I mean it seems like I guess you've you achieved relative success &gt;&gt; I'd say relatively &gt;&gt; maybe not quickly cuz you have put in the work to make it you know to make &gt;&gt; and I have a team so every time I realize I'm not good at something get someone who's good at it so like with the networking I realized I'm not good at it and got a manager someone who &gt;&gt; yeah they know how to strike a conversation um I'm not I'm not good at multitasking then we have Kapita and like if you're not good at something imagine in get someone grow your team and even the growth I feel like it's cuz of getting help. &gt;&gt; Okay. What would you say is your happiest money uh memory? &gt;&gt; Happiest money memory. &gt;&gt; Like now when you factor in everything, what what you think is the happiest memory? Like in terms of buying &gt;&gt; money related memory, let me say money. Happiest money related memory. &gt;&gt; Happiest money related memory. I think maybe it's going to sound like Niktoido for some people, but for me it's big. &gt;&gt; That's all that's all that matters. um last year in September 2025 September. So we're just seated at the office and every time I'll so the office is this size but there's a store at the corner. Every time I'll think what what I didn't realize is water was slowly leaking into where we had stored our projects &gt;&gt; and so most of my projects from the first 3 years got spoiled um and then [clears throat] um we decided to move office. It was meant, we were meant to move offices this year, March 2026. But now, cuz that had happened, we were wondering, do we move to an equally smaller space, we just go all out? Remember that thing I'm telling you for sometimes being a creative, you have &gt;&gt; money. [snorts] &gt;&gt; So, it's something we hadn't planned for. So the goal is always to have like a plan for six months ahead but we we didn't have money yet for moving. So we decided to move and then while moving we discover what the things we had in this studio when you put them in that studio like [laughter] like now it means more machines and then you want to create a space where creatives will be comfortable decide cuz most of the times like in a week I don't know it's hard it's hard for a week to end without as sleeping over at the office, working, translating. &gt;&gt; Like you want an office that's comfortable. Someone can choose to to go outside. [laughter] Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So h moving into this new office for me I started seeing it's very possible to figure out a point where we have a warehouse studio growing to all these people cuz now with the growth it means this year we have to get more people. &gt;&gt; Yeah I think &gt;&gt; that will be it cuz it's the biggest move I've made for for my studio. Yeah. And I mean you're saying you didn't you hadn't planned for the money. You didn't have the money. So practically how did you actually achieve it? How did you &gt;&gt; like where did you Yeah. Where did you find the money to make it work? &gt;&gt; So the way the the thing with family they come through for you. &gt;&gt; So that's the thing family came through. And then we the thing with Walter and I we don't hold on to money. Why it can do other stuff it's not growing. Um so took money from circle and then now family family comes through. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then we we had a good relationship with um some people uh cuz of him doing interior design. So got to work, got some stuff and then we paid them immediately. Money came through right &gt;&gt; like when when you owe so many people money assuming I for last month last month by the time I'm paying him I'll be like oh my god this is a lot of money it's even going to be hard to partate. Wait what was I saying? Yeah, you explain how the process. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Got and then some cool kids came through like there's a lady who sells plants. She was like, I'm gifting you these plants um for for the tables. Another cool kid came through. You've really been tagging my my bashara when you buy from me and I don't even pay you here. You can have these tables. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. It sounds like a whole, you know, sort of community to pull it off. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Honestly, me, I believe in working with people &gt;&gt; and working with people who who understand your vision. &gt;&gt; My last question. &gt;&gt; Um what has your your your your life so far? Your 33 years of life. Um and I guess the different things that you've gone through. First of all, you said your life &gt;&gt; is experienced that you know things can switch at the drop of a heart, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, what would you say your your biggest money lesson so far &gt;&gt; um would be or has been? &gt;&gt; Or what have you learned about money? &gt;&gt; I've learned a few things. Um, I'll just say them not in any order. &gt;&gt; Um, that thing for time, money, effort. &gt;&gt; You might have you might energy. You might have the time and money, but honestly, if you don't have the energy for it, fine, you'll do it. But it's shortlived. That's what I think. Like energy energy for me equals to passion. Like if you if you find your passion and find a way of making money off it, aki, please &gt;&gt; go ahead. Um the second thing it's the thing I've just been saying is get a team and trust them. I've realized if I started trusting Peter then maybe Wang over and above for me but and and the brand and when people come to work for you also even you find human you'll you look at it like you're spending money but for you to make money you have to spend money, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; I'll give you an example. Um, we Walter came up with an idea when when we moved to Nairobi already expensive. He said, what if instead of guys to be going for lunch? What if we be providing for guys lunch? And I was like, guy, what 1 2 3 4 5 what? providing for them lunch every day and this as in sometimes we're here even Saturdays even if we work at night we provide for them food &gt;&gt; I feel like oh my god this is a lot and see we are still paying them but through that it's a small act but it has bonded us so much cuz now &gt;&gt; the conversations we have over lunch um the getting even to know them and what they are about and &gt;&gt; as much as we we are weak studio as in we are I'm the founder &gt;&gt; like it feels like we are moving together it doesn't feel like &gt;&gt; they working for me and then they go home now cuz even at night someone will text you I was having this idea what do you think truly I feel Like for you for you to go far with money you need a team, without you knowing you you are upscaling polic I still have a lot to learn. What's your biggest money lesson &gt;&gt; from financial incorrect? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Um what's my biggest um I don't know. Um I don't know. I have I have many I have many I think from different people who I guess you know I've tal to &gt;&gt; um I usually talk about Crystals Crystal the senator &gt;&gt; who for me made it very clear how &gt;&gt; um our eyes are a gateway to um how we control our money cuz &gt;&gt; she was saying she lives on a bare minimum and she said you know because I can't see I don't get jealous. So &gt;&gt; I I &gt;&gt; I don't know what kind of watch you have, what kind of car you drive. So for me, it's purely &gt;&gt; she doesn't compare. &gt;&gt; She's not possible for her to compare. &gt;&gt; um I for for me the lesson there was how much I guess what we see influences what we buy and what we do. &gt;&gt; Um then you know that even with Dorothy recently and just saying you know patience and &gt;&gt; I think and her her career was amazing. I mean to have done so many years as a lecturer and then amazing &gt;&gt; and then &gt;&gt; done these other you know had an amazing stint at Nokia and then switched again and had an amazing so yeah I guess those are some of the things that I've I've picked up from yeah &gt;&gt; but the the thing for comparing it's so true I agree with the senator like &gt;&gt; sometimes like even that's the thing I've been telling myself with content creation ever since I started like sharing my workout there. It doesn't matter if I see someone has like 40k uh followers today and then tomorrow they have like 150 now many peter so what as in so what if people hear my story and they judge me so what like at the end of the day we only have one life god only knows how many of us will be here 50 years from now &gt;&gt; so we might as well live &gt;&gt; to the fullest Okay. &gt;&gt; Thank you, V. Thank you for coming and sharing your story and giving us your money story. Yeah, it was right. Not too difficult. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it I need to ask Walter to come &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, please. &gt;&gt; You can give us numbers as well on the on the real estate. &gt;&gt; Maybe maybe I will call him after this. I will call him after this. We're going to have him come next next time we're shooting. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Thank you for having me. Fantastic listener and your amazing team. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much. Do you want to say something to the listeners? &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; when you're ready. &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hey guys. So, that was my interview with Financially Incorrect. They are amazing listeners. Um, I hope you learned something. Uh, if there's a lesson you think, yeah, I I could have I should learn, just leave for us in the comment section. Anyway, if you're ever looking for dogs, is it cockaspananiel? Is it um toy poodles, sausage dogs, pugs? Yeah, you you can reach us out um you can reach to us at at manguda oodles. Uh what else? If you ever want to work with an artist, for murals, for your logos, for your brand, maybe you have a campaign. Yeah. I'll till I make the animation just for you. Yeah. So you can reach out to me at wix_mangoda or wixmangodgmail.com. Thank you Bizu. &gt;&gt; Awesome. All right. Well, thank you guys for listening and paying attention to our episode. We'll see you guys next Friday on the next episode of Financially Incorrect. [music]
