---
ticker: WIX
type: youtube
title: "Innovation Conference: Mark Tluszcz Chairman of Wix & K Health and CEO of Mangrove Capital Partners"
channel: "Boardroom Club"
date: 2026-04-07
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MB2UFUkVi5M
transcript_method: yt-dlp_subtitle
language: en
chars: 42401
---

# Innovation Conference: Mark Tluszcz Chairman of Wix & K Health and CEO of Mangrove Capital Partners

## 视频信息
- **频道**: Boardroom Club
- **日期**: 2026-04-07
- **链接**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MB2UFUkVi5M

## 转录全文

Hi everybody. Good afternoon, good evening and good morning wherever you are. Thank you very much for joining the boardroom club today to our innovation conference featuring executive from top tech companies across AI analytics, cyber, fintech, quantum computing, CRM and whatn not. My name is Yosi Gazi, second year MBA student here at Cornell. I'm joined also by a classmates and a good friend of mine, Alvaro Jimenez. Alvaro, happy to be here. Yeah. So today we are fortunate enough to interview none other than Mark Duloo, CEO and managing partner of Mangrove Capital. Mark is one of the most successful investor out there. His investments include Skype, Wix, and WalkMe just to name a few. And currently besides leading men capital is also the chairman of Wixs and K. So Mark, thank you very much for joining us today. Yosi, good to see you and thank you for having me. about all also thank you for having me. I'm excited to hear the questions and have a great conversation today. Thanks for having me. Yeah, we are super fortunate to have you joining us today. So, uh I thought actually to start before going on to your investments and amazing and your amazing insights to ask you what led you to the tech world and specifically to the VC world in the first place. Yeah, I kind of stumbled into it. you know, I I uh I started off really in a traditional profession, which was the consulting profession in in technology. And and I quickly realized that this kind of coincided with the internet boom in in the early 2000s. And I kind of thought to myself, it's fine to be in tech, but really the exciting place is, you know, where you take a crystal ball out and really try and predict the future. And and that's kind of what excites me still today is to figure out what is cool and what's going to work in the future. And so, you know, serendipitously, I met some people, we did this and and ultimately ended up starting my own firm just because I felt that was the best thing for me to do. Um, but, you know, the environment mattered more than anything. It was like I want to be in this environment of innovation, of cool people, of cool ideas. By the way, it's also a rough environment. There's a lot of failure in this business, right? So, many, many, many, many of our companies fail and so you have to have thick skin to deal with this. Uh but boy man when they're successful they're successful and that really is just the adrenaline rush of the business. I read that you looked at around 2,000 company a year but invest in only around six of them. So I was just wondering what is your first question that you ask entrepreneur when he meet you? Yeah, I mean th so those numbers are right and and I think that's probably largely what most early stage investors you need to look at a lot of volume to get to a few deals and despite that we still fail more times than we succeed right so so you have this massive funnel and and and you get you get successful very very few times what I really care and my first question with entrepreneurs when I talk about is you know how big is your ambition walk me through your ambition for whatever you're doing you could be shining shoes or you could you're writing software, it doesn't really matter is you know what is your ambition because at the end of the day startups are built on the back of people and people's ambition you know not by the way many and the the saying in our industry is you know the graveyard is full of great ideas u and so the question of ambition and the ability to execute against that ambition is really criterion number one for us it's a people business at the end of the day to build a successful startup and one of the first question that entrepreneur face is the equity sharing because at the end you want to have as much as you can from the company in terms of stake but you also want other people to have stake in the game in order to do the extra yard for you. What is your position on this specific topic? Well, I I you know I think the answer would be different if you were venturebacked or not. Right. So if you're not venturebacked and you kind of build the business over time then you really want as an owner to have a big stake as possible. all the while sharing some of that. If you happen to be a ventureback company, the thing that that forces upon you is the idea of having to grow fast and grow big and all of that. And founders can't do that on their own. They need to share that. And and so we are massive proponents when we invest. In fact, it's one of the criterians once we've decided to invest is, you know, we need to make sure that a significant piece of of the capital of the company is reserved for current and future employees. You know the dream always is is that if you take companies public or if you sell them that you would have hundreds of employees who would be millionaires right that's the goal every single time we fund something I think it was also the case with Facebook as well and last question before moving on to weeks is do you have any red flags a no no when you meet entrepreneur and you say that's not for me that's kind of like maybe we have yeah we have a long list of no nos but I would say no no no number Number one is we will never invest in a husband and wife team ever. And and you know some people say to me, well that's a bit silly and you know it doesn't really matter. Everybody has their red flags. This one is an important one for me because I feel like when you invest in founders or in teams you know as an investor you need to be able to develop relationships with the entire team. Over time we've learned that teams change and they morph. But if you're investing into a couple, you know, you're doubly in trouble because on the one hand, you can't get in between them, right? Um, and secondly, what if something happens in their couple, it just creates all sorts of havoc for the business. So, that would be my number one flag. And I I've looked at businesses in the past. I really like the company, you know, and I really like what they were doing, but then I discovered kind of in the process of due diligence that they were either, you know, living together or married. And that's fine, but but for me, that's just something I will never do. Yeah. And I guess maybe the the only name names that come to mind when you talk about like husband and wife that are actually successful is the anthrop anthropy case and yeah besides that also my father also told me never bring family to the business because it's getting little bit feisty there. Yeah, same theory, right? Same theory. It's like, you know, you need to have enough distance from from that and and so that's just one of our kind of red flags, but it's an easy one, right? Husband, wife, you guys aren't together, fine. Okay, then we're then we're all right, you know? But it I think it creates too much too much stress. Yeah, definitely. And now moving on to um weeks and specifically our expansion to the Israeli market. Mangrove Capital started as a more Europeanbased VC. I mean at the end of the day you invested in Skype. Yeah. But what led you to expanding specifically to Israel? Well, the first five years of my firm, we were exclusively a European kind of funer of of entrepreneurs. And yes, we were fortunate in that respect to fund Skype and a number of other really good companies. But in 2006, I I funded a Parisian company uh which ultimately didn't do very well and um and it failed. But the founder did his aliyah to Israel and um he called me up in I think 2007 or something like that and said, "Hey, you know, Mark, I want to say how sorry I am that I lost your money and I really want to show you and I want to introduce you to the Israeli tech ecosystem." Of course, everybody had heard about it. We knew it was important, but you know, we had never really been there and everything. So, I went to Israel uh in that context for the first time in 2007 and serendipity would have it on that trip I met the Wix founders, right? And so through this guy, serendipitously, I met the Wix founders. And from 2007 on, as we began understanding the market a bit better, you know, we decided to make the firm a firm that would invest 50% of its capital in Europe and 50% in Israel. And it just I think outside of Silicon Valley, is Israel as a market is probably the most dynamic market in the world after Silicon Valley bar none, right? right in terms of density of deals, quality of entrepreneurs and so of course for us being very lucky in our first big Israeli investment in Wix, it made it made it very easy for us then to continue and set up an office there and do things like that. So, so serendipity brought me to Israel. Nice. And specifically talking about Wix. So I mean Wix as many other comp many other tech company benefited from the transition to be more online based specifically in COVID. But while many company actually kind of like stumbled a little bit postco has actually rebounded pretty well in spec if you look at the stock price and also financial results. What do you think led to this success? Well, of I know exactly what led to it, but look, yes, we we all got a little fat during COVID. Um, and and we all got a little fat in COVID, I would say. And, you know, came out of COVID and came out of 2021 going all is great. You know, we all thought the world online would be our world. We weren't going to concerts physically for a couple years. We said we're going to do all of that online. And and it's funny because we're just celebrating the five years of COVID, right? Kind of right now. and you realize how silly some of those assumptions were. Well, the same thing was true for many, many tech companies. So, we woke up in the first quarter of 2022 realizing, oh you know, people have moved back into the real world. Uh, their online presence is a lot less. We saw the numbers kind of coming down and we decided that we at Wix had to really think about this. And so, the Wix management team over the period of six to nine months sat down and said, "Okay, we need to manage our costs better. We need to make sure our product development is doing this." and and I think it took us a year to kind of restructure postcoid. Um and and and that was extremely beneficial for for the company and for the environment is to realize that you know the true value of the world is there is your life is going to be a bit of both now right it's you're a lot online but there's also a lot offline and and you have to manage your business that way. So it was just rigorous cost cutting, rigorous thinking about being careful about how we invested money and just recognizing that there's this balance in real life of online and offline worlds. And many companies were successful in doing that. Works wasn't the only one, but there were many many who just waited and waited and waited, you know, and particularly if they were public companies that they they their stock price uh struggled a lot. Yeah, we we've gone, you know, Wix right now is about a $500 million free cash flow business. So you know in the first quarter of 2022 coming out of COVID our cash flow generation was very tiny. We were very focused on just growing topline. Uh today we've become really a terrific business right good topline growth significant profitability great cash flow just you know the f the by the way the company is almost 17 years old. So you'd expect that of a company of our of our age right? Yeah definitely and super insightful indeed. And maybe a followup about the the differentiation is that um we saw that in the recent year there has been a rise in specifically in the web building vertical company like GoDaddy and Squarespace but still I mean I can tell you that me and Ao when we build the website for our for our business life we chose Wigs. So what do you think um led to Wix differentiate itself from the competition and be at the end of the day the big winner? Yeah, I mean I think at the end Wix is all about the greatness of its product, right? So we care more about product than we care about anything else. Um and I think that's a formula that works extremely well in tech. It's really understanding what your users and how they're going to use the product. And so we have a great product team. We have huge volumes of of of developers and and and designers, but it's that commitment from the top of the company to say we think first and foremost about product. Everything else is a result of great product. And I wouldn't say that all our competitors think of it that way. And and so for us, it really is about product product innovation. You've seen we've made a number of announcements in over the last six to nine months. We continue to make announcements of new products. And I think as a company, if you're 17 years old like Wix, you need to demonstrate to yourself, to your employees, but also to financial investors that, you know, you know how to reinvent yourself constantly. And so that is really at the ethos of Wix is reinventing yourself every day, questioning why people are using or not your product, and then just building better stuff. So product, product, product, I think, is is is would be the simple answer. Yeah. So you say it's all about innovation while scaling fast. So amazing to hear it and specifically I mean one of your other successful investment is Skype. How do you maybe compare Wix success to Skype success and what is your experience like at Wix maybe different from Skype? Well you know Wix is a real business. Skype was never a real business. Uh we were also shareholders of Skype only for three years. Um and that was just we went from zero to massive in a very short period of time. Um Wix did that as well, but they also became a real business with real cash flow with real ongoing customers. Also a very different time, right? We we Microsoft just announced that they're sunsetting Skype. So that's the end of an era. Um and and Wix while born in 2007 continues to be on the forefront of this. And I think they've managed, if you will, Wix, to reinvent themselves multiple times, you know, Skype, while it was the great winner of the first five years of the 2000s, uh, to some extent, they should have been the Zoom of today and they kind of missed that turn under ownership of other people and things like that. But so, you know, that's what happens in tech. Your your shelf life is short. If you don't reinvent yourself, ultimately you become a little irrelevant. And Skype is in that respect a sad good example of that. Yeah, it's amazing to hear it. We we also just interview Odet which who was the chief product officer at Zoom three years before COVID and three years after COVID. So it was fascinating to hear their part of um the story how they were able to re reinvent themselves. And um one last question about Wix is the decision is the decision to hold out. I mean at the end of the day Wix is very successful business right now and I guess along the way there was like couple of acquisition offers but still you decided to say no and specifically I read on the internet that I think it was like in around like maybe 2010 weeks received the acquisition offer for more than 400 million yet you advised them to say no and eventually they they went public on 2013. What convinced you to hold all doubt what and keep the journey? I I was as an insider of Wix at the time you know I really saw two things ones I saw I I saw the velocity at which the product was being adopted in the market and then I also saw the velocity of their product development capabilities and I looked at those two things and I said yes on one hand we have a terrific offer you know at the time the offer was I think $400 million to sell the business and that was a very good offer everybody was would have been happy founders investors and everything but you know you don't every day get the opportunity to build a massive company. And so, you know, we looked at that offer. I I I flew to Tel Aviv. When we got the offer, I sat down with the founders and I said, "Look, I have absolute belief in your ability to take this company to the next level. The only place you can do is go public. that yes is painful but you're going to be able to build a multi-billion dollar business if you have patience because customer velocity and adoption is massive and your ability to develop products is massive. So when you look at those things I think you have to then say no. Now the founders said to me at the time that's great and we believe you and we we will follow your advice because you did Skype before right you know how to build these big businesses um and we have faith in in in your ability to understand that. So, so a combination of things happened and I think of course history tells us we made the right decision. Everybody is happy. Wix is a $10 billion business. Today it's been a$ 15 billion business. But what it is for sure I think is it's a cornerstone of the Israeli tech scene. You may or may not have seen our new campus just north of Tel Aviv. It's an absolutely remarkable place. It's really the you the single campus style place that you have in Israel. Uh we have almost 4,000 employees there. So, you know, holding out was for sure the right decision financially for the tech scene, for the founders, and really for the Wix family. It was it was absolutely the right decision, but it took courage from the founders to walk away from $400 million. And I think that's what happened. Yeah, definitely not an easy decision. And I can tell you that my last work experience in Israel was in 888 holdings in Algeria and all the time I went by the new week's office offices. So it was amazing to see from you know from the outside and maybe um I mean at the end of the day if we look at your most of your investment is tech focus right but it seems you also made another transition to be in healthcare and one of your most famous investing where you are also the chairman in chairman is KL can you maybe share some of your experience what led you to join join KL board and what led you to the healthcare board? Yeah, I you know in in 2015 at big aim at least apparent to us uh as we took out our our crystal ball and said what's going to be hot in the next 10 years it became apparent that that that health care was going to be a looming problem. You know the first input was populations are aging uh health care costs are skyrocketing and if you look at that that is to some extent a formula for success because you say aha only software can fundamentally change those economics right only software and only innovation can do that and and so it became apparent that if we could figure out how to try and do something in in healthcare so we we usually have that idea we then do a lot of research we publish some papers there's a paper on healthcare on our on our website, you know, and and then we say to all of our partners, go find all these companies that are doing cool stuff in healthcare. Uh the first thing you learn in healthcare is that the last thing you want to do is fund a company that's started by a doctor. Okay? Because they simply can't think out of the box. This is not only true to doctors, it's true to all incumbents, right? But just give I'm giving it in the context of healthcare. Um and so if you look at most of the successful companies in healthcare today, most of them were not founded by by actual medical practitioners. They have many medical people in their company, but the ability to break out of the box to think very differently comes from very creative people. And so, you know, we've been fortunate to be invested in in K Health, which is an Israeli American company. We're also fortunate to be involved in a company called Flow, which is a female menstrual cycle company, the largest in the world. And I think it shows you if you build great products, you know, that satisfied a very big audience that you're going to be able to build super super companies. But, you know, in 2015, everybody thought we were crazy. Healthcare, software, internet, it's not really going to work. I think today nobody questions that anymore. Nine or 10 years later. Never mind the next 10 years, which I think are going to be really massive in healthcare. Massive, massive, massive. So, yeah. Yeah. Super insightful. And maybe last question for myself before we moving on to Alro. I mean, everyone talks now about AI, right? How do you see specifically the intersection of healthcare and software and AI together in the next, let's say, five years? Well, I think, you know, if you look at most LLMs out there, um they they're still not 100% trustworthy, right? So, they they they hallucinate is the word that we tend to use in AI. You simply can't have that in healthcare. If you if the machine hallucinates, people can die. And so the challenge with AI and healthcare and all that is making sure that the that the that the product that you build kind of I think fits into the broader healthcare ecosystem, but at the same time, you have to build a machine that itself knows what it doesn't know and says, I'm not sure, you know, and that's not the case when you use any of the typical LLMs out there, right? They try to guess because they're predictive models. Um, and you know, today the truth of the matter is these these LLMs probably 20 to 25% of the time they're hallucinating. They're getting better and better, but even if it's 1% that's dangerous in healthcare. And so that's the one thing that AI has to be careful in healthcare is being able to understand what you don't know. Raise your hand and say, "As a machine, I don't know this. We need to figure another way to find find the true answer here." So that's the danger. Yeah. and will be um very interesting to see it in the next few years how it's actually inter the intersection between the two and yeah Mark thank you very much for answering all of my questions I learned a lot super appreciate you and yeah without further ado the floor is yours all right man thanks hello thank you so Mark we're beginning to talk about something that is very interesting uh which is the future of healthare care and now that AI is part of the conversation in pretty much any industry, we're talking about this bias. So, in your opinion, how can we ensure that AIdriven medical decisions are accurate and not skewed? Um, how do we design those systems? Well, certainly I can tell you the story of K because we've we've designed a a a product that, you know, in my opinion is is on a diagnostic basis is better than an actual human, you know. And the way we did that is we started off by buying by getting a very large data set of medical records. You know, we then built a machine around those records. Um, and then we added an LLM on top to facilitate the conversation, right, between users. Um, and we made sure that all the safeguards, all the biass we put in there were biased towards knowing something. And so either the machine has a 100% confidence in its ability to detect or to diagnose and if it doesn't then it it raises a red flag. Every machine of course is always going to be biased by its creator. Um and if you and you see that with all the LLMs, right? Whether they're ultimately Chinese LLMs or American LLM, we've caught a lot of bias in all of those, right? And and you you will likely see national LLMs in the not too distant future, right? where you know Russia might have one, the Middle East might have one some countries and so they all going to be biased around something and that's what you cannot have in healthcare right um and so in healthcare I think the bar of of the biasness is even higher and the way you prove that is you you conduct tons of studies you put that that machine in clinical settings you know we at K health uh the product is running at Cedar Sinai hospital in California Mayo Clinic uh Hackinack in New Jersey. So, it's been now operating for multiple years in real clinical settings. Um, and there, you know, you discover when it's working, when it's not working, when it's better than humans, when it's not, and and things like that. And you continue to refine the product because at the end, your only bias is you don't want to kill people and and that is fundamentally important in not making those type of mistakes. Yeah, absolutely agree with you and and it looks like that at the end of the day, this is the biggest disruption in in the past years. And I wanted to refer to a blog conversation that you had with Allan BL where he pointed out the medical protocols haven't changed much since the 50s and the costs are untenable. So how do you anticipate that K health is going to be able to to help with this? Well, I think first of all, you know, uh Harvard came out with a study a couple years ago that suggests that the uh the half-life of doctor's knowledge when they leave university is about five years, right? So you you graduate from any medical school anywhere in the world, you know, your your knowledge is as fresh as it can be. Then five years later, you're already kind of out. And the reality is, of course, with doctors, there's a bell curve. There's good ones, average ones, and bad ones. And most of them are not constantly learning, right? And so their knowledge is eroding over time. The benefit of the machine is the machine is always has always the latest information, right? And so I think that's one way you just generally get better or around that. Um and so this this constant learning loop makes makes a lot of sense. Um so you know the these machines fundamentally once you put them into the hospitals they're also constantly learning right in terms of in terms of the things that they that that they can do. So not sure if that answers the question but that's how how we're thinking about it as we're plugging this technology into these hospitals. You know, if you were to dream a little bit, you would say over time and probably in the let's say in the next decade, right? It would be reasonable to think that 50% of all doctor's visits are going to be automated by a machine. So, let me throw just some numbers out. Right? In the US, there's somewhere between one and a half to two billion doctor's visits per year. You can imagine the pressure that's put on puts on the health care system. You can imagine the pressure puts on hospitals and everything like that. If you can extract half of that and automate them, then you have a real winner in terms of productivity for in right that number in Europe is three to four billion visits principally because in Europe it doesn't cost a lot of money. So people go much more to the doctor, right? But then if you move into Africa, if you move into into South America and places like that, they just don't have access to great to great doctors. And so, you know, the the ability to automate this over time for most functions is well within our grasp, I think, in the next five or 10 years. And that's going to drive, I think, tremendous productivity enhancements. But it more importantly than that, it's going to drive better medicine because human doctors are going to be able to spend more time with the patients that really need you. And that's our goal, right? Our goal is not to replace doctors. Our goal is to make the health system significantly more productive and better. You know, look, 18% of the US GDP goes to healthcare. 188 average of the European Union is 12%. And we're getting older. So, you know, this problem is not going away unless we solve it. Unless we get to the scale of somewhere in the 50 range, you know, we're not going to be able to have the massive impact that we think we're going to have going forward. And it's all going to happen now, I think, in in a very very quick fashion. So it is a growing problem everywhere with the aging of the population and and you just mentioned it with these figures. Um but then innovation may be a way of of resolving this. But you did mention before that you would not invest in a in a company led by a doctor that they're not the innovators. So as these apps that are not found that that are not created by medical practitioners, how do you think that you can put together the technical side from the practitioner with the creative side from uh someone that thinks outside of the box? Well, I'd say that if you look at I think I looked last year at you know the top 50 healthc care apps out there and top being the most active ones, you know, most downloaded ones. I think maybe one or two were started by doctors. The lion share were not. It doesn't mean of course that within those companies they don't have tons of doctors right we at K have several hundred doctors working at K because at the end it is about medicine is it it is about doctors and things like that it's just that I think generally speaking incumbents no matter what you are incumbents struggle to think differently than what they've been brought up to think and so you need that person to come in who doesn't accept the burden of the past and says let's build this let's try this if not you just go no I can't do that because you know historic to ally that's how we've done so you ultimately need a combination of the two of course in our case at K you know we bought a very large uh medical database from Makabi which is an HMO in Israel it was you know millions of records over 20 years of doctor's handwritten notes you know so our basic data set was extremely doctor rich yeah and um if you had to pinpoint one uh factor that made K health and flow successful what would you say it is well I I I think it's just the the the I mean Flo by worry by by by virtue of just an introduction very quickly this is a women's female menstrual cycle tracker started by two brothers though again not the obvious founders right how the hell can two guys start something like this well I think it's precisely for that same reason as I gave about doctors in this case it's two guys that are not women who didn't have this problem but figured out let figure out a way to build something that works. So, you know, the product focus, just like I said to Yosi before about Wix, I think these two companies, they really got the product experience very very well and they didn't accept any of the burdens of the incumbent system. You know, I remember telling asking my wife, you know, would you use an app like Flow? She goes, I've had two kids. Why would I need it? You know, and and I'm like, okay, that's not wasn't my question. you know, uh, for her, tracking her menstrual cycles was something she'd done her whole life. She didn't need an app. Whereas for these two brothers, it's like, well, let's focus on a younger generation of people who love apps. There's tons of those out there. And I think uh, again, just two good examples of thinking completely out of the box. Okay. So, that's actually very very interesting what you mentioned about thinking outside of the box, being able to resolve problems that you may not be directly connected to. Um, and now we're moving on to to something that is different to healthcare. Is there any other vertical that you think is maybe now outdated and and in need of innovation? Well, obviously the the whole legal side, the the whole legal profession is is one. You may have seen there's a company in California that just got funded by Sequoia. Um, you know, these guys, there's so much inefficiencies in lawyers offices and practices and things. So I think you're going to see a lot of action happening in in that you know AI vertical just like you see it happening in the health care vertical and and in the healthcare vertical not everything is about you know medical stuff a lot of it is about workflow and things like that because doctors complain about spending a lot of time wastage on things like that but so those are the two I think that you're really going to see explode in the next five years those two type of things last but not least of course is everything related to the back office functions of companies um particularly related to regulatory obligations. So in the financial services sector you think of AML and KYC requirements that you have. More and more regulators are putting pressure on all these financial institutions to be able to do that. In Europe on average now it takes almost three months to open up a bank account because of these things. Almost three months to open up a bank account. Right? That's it's absolutely ridiculous. largely due to the documentation needs and and the procedural needs and everything. I think if somebody really built a product that could help you know financial institutions cut that down from months to days it would obviously be significant more beneficial. So so back office functions and financial services is a huge opportunity also. And uh one last question before we move into the the the final section of the interview. When you explore these companies that you're investing in and you have to advise also on their growth path, uh well you always have the question is it do we go organic growth? Do we do M&amp;A between both? What what would you what do you think a company should focus on? I I you know my my rule is until you're about 10 years old as a company, you should only be doing organic stuff, right? Uh M&amp;A is dangerous. You know, it's not it's not always very accretive. The data is not super clear that it works. There are some really great companies who know how to do M&amp;A. Salesforce is one of them that are very very strong at doing that. Um but many many many M&amp;A transactions never yield the benefits that people thought they would. Right? So, you know, if you're using it as another way to grow, that's okay. uh you just need to make sure you know what you're buying and figure out a way to implement it and things like that. But in general, I think young companies, the ones I'm interested in, you know, I expect them to be completely organic for the first 10 years of their lives. That's that's a great way to end this uh second part of the interview and we're going now to the most fun and the most important questions of all which are the personal questions for so uh as you know most of a lot of of our audience uh are young professionals and lots of entrepreneurs or people thinking about this path in entrepreneurship. So if you had one piece of advice what would it be? I'd say, you know, find a big idea and jump into it, but do it do it out of passion, you know, and just go for it and go all in. I think that's sometimes the issue with entrepreneurs is they're trying to ah, you know, do I start my company? Do I raise capital? You know, what do my parents think? What's it? I'm like, you know, at the end, either you're willing to put a thousand% of you into it for six months to see or don't bother doing it, right? So, just go all in is is kind of my my thing. My son has a company. I told him exactly the same thing, you know? He's like, "Yeah, okay." You know, and so he drops out of university. He goes and does this and very proud of him. You know, I think it's all about just being allin on something. Startups are an allconsuming activity, right? There's no life work balance in startups. this is you know 100 hour work and so you have to be passionate about the idea you have to like the people you do it with right so these these things are these things that matter because it just it's an all-consuming thing the first five years of your journey you have no life it's just how it is is what it is right but uh it does seem that during your path also in your career uh you've come across people that might have impacted you uh maybe as a mentor have you had any any one that you would single out as a mentor or some or a good lesson that you got from from them? No, I I I'd say, you know, having a mentor is so important in your life and I have one who who was my my first boss when I was in the consulting business over time. I worked for him for 10 years. He became a bit like a bigger brother to me. Um, and you know, whenever I have whether we're closer or apart from each other, there's always a very easy phone call about, hey, I'm thinking about this and I need to pick your brain or whatever. And so I do hope everybody can figure out a way to have one mentor that you can call about stuff because sometimes, you know, it gets lonely out there and sometimes you can't turn to your wife, you can't turn to your friend, you can't turn to this. You want, you know, the person that's not going to judge you and since he knows you for all these years, he can give you advice or she can give you advice, however you want to do it. But, you know, find a mentor. The invest in the mentor yourself because at the end it's you have to make the commitment, right? the mentor is already successful. Uh you need to invest in that person and say I want that person to be my reference person. I I I'm a big believer that it's important. So I encourage my partners to have one. I encourage all my founders, you know, to say okay, who is the person you can call if you're tired of hearing from me? And you can call that person for different type of advice. Great advice. Okay, moving on to another question. So you chose the name of your see Mangrove Capital. Is there a story behind it? Yeah, the story is, you know, when we started back in, you know, in 2000, there were many great venture firms called Sequoa or Oak and things like that. And so trees made sense. And and my parents were living live on an island in Florida. They have these mangrove plants in front of them. And we said, "Oh, wow. Trees, plants, mangrove." That's how that's kind of how we came about it. Nothing more scientific than that. Very natural. Okay. Um, aside from work, you do have a life, right? Uh, so what are your hobbies? I love to go to football matches. Um, I'm a big fan. Uh, I'm a massive fan of FC Barcelona, of course, you know. Um, I like cycling a lot, mostly road biking. Um, I'm a big fan of wine. Um, and really those are the three things that keep me busy outside of work, right? And family, of course. But, uh, those are the things. Yeah. This look, they look pretty good to me. I I must say I like how you think. Um, any favorite movie or book? Oh, man. Um, I'm a massive sci-fi geek, you know. I'll watch anything that's science fiction. So, and I I started with Star Trek, the original version, you know, and I've watched every single one after that. And so, if I could spend a couple hours watching TV every day, it would every day be a sci-fi thing, right? That's kind of my thing and I find those things just so fascinating. You know, it's interestingly enough that as dumb as some of those shows appear to be, a lot of the research behind them is actually quite serious, right? When they make those shows, they actually talk to scientists and they talk to people and futurists and things like that. So, you you look at that and today sometimes I go back and watch your original Star Trek which was in the 60s and yeah, a lot of that stuff has happened already. So, it's kind of cool. It's funny that you say it. We actually that that call that that uh that we had with with Odi talked about the the holograms and and how that technology is some of it actually exists. It's just that the cost right now is prohibitive. But it's it's wild to me that we're already in science fiction life era, right? I mean look look at look at look at the voice the so you know we've all grown up with the keyboard being mostly the tool of interface between us and the machine, right? Um all those movie series. I'll talk about voice being it. You know, we've been hoping for it so so long. But nowadays, any one of these LLMs, even your Apple phone, it's really, really good. You hardly need a keyboard anymore. So, you know, fast forward five years from now, I think the keyboard is dead, right? Ultimately, we're not going to use it anymore. And really, they talked to us about that in the 60s. So, it's taken a long time, right, to really get general and be accepted by everybody, which I think is the particularity generally of tech. tech takes a long time to get disseminated to everybody beyond you know the people that are directly involved in it. Um so so yeah Star Trek number one and uh one final question which is uh what keeps you motivated? You've had a relatively long career, you've done several things. What keeps you going? Well, it's it's the search for that next great thing and and and and hanging out with a lot of cooler, younger people, right? Uh as as you as as you age and as your career progresses, you're always trying to do the next great thing. You know, man, okay, I did this and I did that and but boy, what's that next thing that I can do? And intellectually, that keeps you very fresh and and and alert. And that's really what keeps me going is I want to make a difference for myself. I want to make a difference for my family. Ultimately, I want to build things like K that are going to make a difference for many, many people. Now, arguably Skype and Wix made a difference. But I think Kay really is going to make a worldwide difference as we we build, you know, the world's first machine doctor, right? And that's a big accomplishment because of everything else we've talked about. And so that's what keeps me awake. you know, how can I get there faster, better, stronger type thing. That's a great way to to end this interview. Thank you so much, Mark. We've learned a lot and and we really thank you for for being here. Yos, back to you. Thank you very much. And best of luck at Cornell and also best of luck on how you think about moving from Cornell into whatever professional world you're you're talking about. In any event, I'm always around if you want to have a chat. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. So, Mark, thank you very much again for joining us and for answer for answering all of our questions. I must admit though, I'm a Star Wars fan, so sorry. But, uh, yeah. Um, for everybody else in the audience, stay stay tuned for our next few episodes or maybe even previous episodes. Nvidia, Zoom, Ready, Sierra, Mark, thank you very much for joining us again and I appreciate you. All right, guys. Thanks again.
