---
ticker: NET
type: podcast_transcript
title: "427: Net Worth Of $10M+ - The 50/50 Split: When The Wealth Elevator Drops a Few Floors & Your Net Worth Drops Drastically"
podcast: ""
date: 2025-10-06
audio_url: https://pdst.fm/e/pscrb.fm/rss/p/traffic.libsyn.com/secure/millionairesunveiled/427_-_Lane.mp3?dest-id=602409
language: auto
chars: 40990
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# 427: Net Worth Of $10M+ - The 50/50 Split: When The Wealth Elevator Drops a Few Floors & Your Net Worth Drops Drastically

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2025-10-06

---

## Transcript

And you know where where is an investor going to get alpha is a question you need to ask. What asset class? What's the business plan? And I think you know you no longer can just buy and hold your way to financial freedom. I mean, like I'm sure the audience have heard this concept of turnkey rentals because that's what I started with and that's what people on the first floor of the wealth elevator. I think you should do, welcome millionaires and future millionaires. You're listening to the millionaires unveiled podcast, the show where you'll hear the stories and interviews of everyday millionaires will unveil their decisions, their strategies and their portfolio allocation. Nadier host Jace matenson. Welcome back to another episode of the minaresonville podcast. This is episode number 427. This is the podcast where everyday millionaires spill the beans on their stacks of Green. Where your host, Jason Stacy, ready to bring you the enscripted tales of wealth, warts and all. Because who needs a script when you're rolling and dough? Join us as we dive into the networand. Asset allocations of regular folks turn financial titans. It's like cribs, but with fewer gold plated toilets. More practical advice, we promise. The only rare edits are to be kid friendly, so you won't hear any naughty language, just lots of chching and maybe a sprinkle of doremes. So buckle up, tighten those purse strings, and get ready to laugh and learn. With millionaires unveiled, we've got a great episode for you today. But before, to get it into that, if youlike to be on the show, send us an email millionaires veiled at gmail. Com. We're always looking for new great entertaining guests willing to share their story. Man, mark has been kind of in an interesting state. Ely, it's going to be an interesting conversation going into the fall. And and I guess we're in the fall for most people. It still feels like summer here in Texas. But Yeah, lots to lots to consider with a few rate drops and stock market all time highs and crypto at near at all time highs and several asset classes would appear to be in a decent state. But the economy, Yeah, some people feel otherwise. So today we're talking to returning guests. Namlane and most of his pohas gotten net worth over 10 million, but his portfolio mostly is in real estate. And the interesting thing that we have a discussion about today is a substantial drop in net worth, which is a topic I don't feel like we really address very often. Granted, we haven't really seen a lot of that happened since the inception of the podcast eight, nine years ago or whatever, where we've had guests on that have seen substantial drops or losses and how they manage that, how they think about that. So today will be one of the first I feel like at least you know put four those drops by you know, 40, 50% in general. Part of that just real estate values in his opinion, but also taking you know a few losses along the way. So so without any further delay, let's get right into it with lane. Welcome to the millionof ville podcast as show we have lane. You might have remembered him from episode 288. It's been a couple of years, a little over two and a half now, or about two and a half. Lane, welcome back. Yeah, thanks for having me guys. Normally when you guys have repeat guests, their net worth increase minds went the opposite way. But Yeah, definitely lessons learned. And Yeah, Yeah, here we are. I got another kid. So more liabilities, I guess. Is that why the net worth went down? No, no, no. But future future liabilities, I guess, or I think that's what they call it on the balance sheet, but there's the asset as well, right? I mean, having another kids d's awesome. Yeah, Yeah but these are daughters, so apparently maybe they're a little too costody and they probably will leave me and not work for the family business. But but who knows? Who knows? It's a changing world out there. Who knows? All right. So net worst decrease in the last two and a half years, which is not something you're right that we talk about very frequently. However, if I remember correctly, we've got probably about 90% plus allocation in real estate for you. Talk to us a little bit. How much do you think it's decreased in the last two and a half years and kind of give us the back story of what's happened there exactly? Yeah. I mean, maybe it's a it's a it's a small fraction of what it was in the heyday, but Yeah, I mean, essentially, here's the deal, right? Like we're in a lot of these like commercial properties and in commercial real estate, prices came down 20 to 30% off the peaks of what we now know was 2023. I can get a little bit more in the details, of course. But Yeah you know when these properties go you know down 20%, you know because you buy real estate with you know leverage, oftentimes, you know it's just call it like a 80% loan. You've only got 20% of equity in there. So when it goes down 20%, you don't lose 20% of the money. You've just lost 100% of your equity there. So that's kind of the name I gave in real estate. And Yeah, you know, that's I think I wrote a good way from 2009 to 2022, 23. I'm still gonna to keep doing it, but Yeah, you know, I think that's maybe I should have been 90% real estate. So did you end up selling any properties as things were kind of going down the last couple of years? Or what's the mindset around where values are now and you just kind of ride the wave because you know we're in a cycle. Yeah. I mean, if you if you're not forced to sell, you don't sell, right? It's kind of like I guess the the analogy somebody told me the other day is like if if you're buying a Honda Civic for 25 grand, and for some strange reason Honda Civics are now being sold for ten grand, you don't sell the damn car right, unless you've got to put food on a table. And that's kind of the same thing at this point. Maybe maybe if that's a little bit more of extreme example, but you know like the reason why these prices came down so much in commercial real estate, which is kind of detached from residential real estate, is because of the loan structure a lot of these these commercial properties are purchased at. I think most people understand that residential real estate is bought on 3030 year, amateuzation 30 year loans. In commercial real estate, especially if you're doing like a value ad strategy, you're typically taking a bridge loan. You know could be a year, could be a few years, could even be four or five years, but rarely are you getting fixed debt at above ten year plus or even eight year plus. So when you have market forces, I guess here's what happened, right? 40 year high, 40 year high of interest rates, quickest time in history, surprised everybody. All the buyers left the market. And that's what dictates prices, buyers and sellers. I, as a buyer of real estate myself, stopped buying because I couldn't make the deals work because the interest rates were just too them high, right? The holding costs. So me and pretty much everybody, majority of buyers out there left the market, which is why prices came down so much. And you know you combo this with the the loan terms. That's what's also what made prices come down in commercial real estate. So how long do you think you can ride this? I mean, is the cash flow enough such that you're in an an okay position and it's just, Hey, my net worth dropped drastically because these prices have come down, but you know Hey, equity might have been wiped a little bit. I'll ride it for as long as I can you know call it however many more years until things start increasing again. Yeah. I mean, that's that's kind of the thought, right? Like if you if you're not forced to sell because your property is cash flowing, because you're able to implement the value added enough, then you keep holding onto it. I'm also I'm kind of also to the point where on actually you just kind of sold a couple of them recently for some gain there, but you know it's just they've kind of reached the end of their life cycle, right? And especially you know when you typically go into commercial real estate, there's some type of value at play where you're renovating units and if you've already renovated the units, there's really nothing much to do there. And it really is kind of reaching that holding arc where you just sell it and as opposed to waiting for the market to recover. The idea is if you have money in the property as equity, you always got to ask the question, as investor, would you rather have the money in that asset or in another property where the potential for value add hasn't been been tapped yet? Would I rather have my money in this property where we've already renovated the units, bump rents as much as we possibly could, or take that money and put it into a new potential one, right? Would I rather would I rather go you know bring LeBron James on my basketball team or would I rather get Luca danwho's like a decade or two younger? Right? It's kind of the same the same concept. And that's where I think some people, a lot of people are, I think stock investors here. I'm not so much myself, but you know every day you choose not to sell your stock, your nvidia stock is another day you've chosen to buy it. So that's the kind of same approach I have with some of my properties here. Yeah makes sense. So as as a real estate investor and where we are in the cycle, mean what what's kind of your take in in terms of you know where are we in this cycle a little bit? And you know if you can foreshadow from your point of view, from lane's point of view, where do things kind of go here in the future? Yeah. I mean, I can't say too much for residential real estate. I'm not in that world. You know I will comment that, like I said, you know the prices are dictated by buyers and sellers, supply and demand, as we all know in economics 101 and in residential real estate, you have this sort of phenomenon where a lot of people you know got really these sweet ite loans at pretty much zero percent from 20000 you know 18 to 2020 two. And in a way, they're kind of prisoners to their their own loans and they're not moving. And there's a lot of old people that are just kind of staying put because they don't want to sell the property and because they've exceeded their $500000 for a couple home saltax exemption there. So you have a lot of these people not moving. And what that creates is a situation where there's not too much supply, right? There's not too much inventory on the market. So the thing is like we don't know if the demand is truly higher than normal. We just know that there's more people trying to buy houses than their supply. And like I said, there's not that much supply. We know that there's not so much supply and inventory on the market. So I would you know, I think everybody talks about like there's a housing crash or there will be a housing crash. And it's like, well, we don't know. But if more houses come on the market, then that could finally, you know. You know a correction downward, it's kind of like you kind of just stack stack sticks on a camel's back, right? At some point it's gonna to break the camel's back, but I don't really anticipate that happening because generally speaking, we're in any housing shortage. But again, that's that's the furthest comments I'll make on the residential side. I'm more on the commercial side myself. What I can kind of quote, I mean, I you know some of these industry data houses like like Arbor, right? Arbor is one of the biggest multifamily lenders out there. They just came out with the report last month where they said the first quarter of values increasing since 2023. So that that was kind of the first positive headline I've seen in these industry publications. And I guess speaking for myself anecdotally, I've seen one of my properties go from like the low 20 million dolrange to the mid high 20 million dolrange. I like to see I like to say that we've done a lot of good work there mp rents, but really not you know it's been sort of a flat line there. So to me that you know it's higher than a 10% variant fudge level, right? Because you you have to take appraisals and with a grain of salt. But to me, and that's of course just one submarket, one market out there, but to me, I think I think that's one clear data sign that we're heaitting in the right direction. But Yeah you know as interest rates continue to fall, you know that works as way more to you know prices increasing and rebounding from here on out, right? Picture this. You're running a business and stuyou realize you need to hire somebody yesterday. The pressure's on and the time is ticking. So how do you find top talent fast? The answer is simple. Indeed. Indeed is the hiring platform where you can attract, interview and hire all in one place. I do it all the time with sponsored job ads. Your post stands out jimbethe top of search results for the candidates you actually want to reach. And here's the best part, it works. According to indeed data, sponsored jobs get 45 more applications than non sponsored ones. Plus, there are no monthly subscriptions or long term contracts. You only pay for results. I love how fast and efficient indeed makes hiring when think about PaaS experiences where finding the right candidate took forever and wish I had indeed back then with their tools hiring as fast, stress fee and focused on results ready to speed up your hiring process. While I've been talking to you, 23 hires have already been made on indeed worldwide. Don't wait. Get started now. Listeners of this show get a 75% sponsored job credit to make your job post stand out. Visit indeed com slash unveiled and tell me, heard it here. That's indeed com slash unveiled. Terms and conditions apply. Hiring, indeed, is all you need. What kind of commercial real estate are you invested in? Is it multifamily? Are you industrial? Yeah, Yeah, good point. Because I'd say there's probably like a handful of different categories of commercial real estate. I mostly play in the residential real estate world, apartments. So specifically speaking, workforce housing. So stuff for the average guy, the lower middle class, if you're thinking like rents that are $800, $2, 200a month, you know, definitely not the luxury class. A sexy stuff that's $3000a month in California or $2000 out in the Sunbelt states, but stuff made for the glut of the American population, right? Because at least the way I see it, I mean, as an investor, you always had to have some type of thesis. My thesis is the richer getting richer and the poor getting poor and the middle class you know reverting back to the lower middle class. And I think that you know that's kind of going to be an underserved demographic out there needing these types of housing, these apartments. But Yeah, you know, like I there's lots of other asset classes out there, mobile home park, self storage, luxury developments and then office out there. I'm kind of mainly mostly in that multifamily workforce sector with how interest rates have swung. Are you interested in at all in adjusting your approach to investing in in your real estate? Yeah, certainly. You know whenever you go through painful time, if you you know unless you you just totally ignore it, you know there's always lessons learned through the process. I would say you know having a huge concentration in commercial real estate, you know you not never giving any investment advice, but you know that's what really got me to this level, right? You don't concentrate on, you know if you don't concentrate, you'll never get enough to get you to where you you know where you want to be in a shorter amount of time within you know like a generation. I kind of prescribed to the theory that Yeah, diversification is great once you have a few million dollars net worth, but it's hard to concentrate to get there. And Additionally, I am an operator of real estate, right? I'm not just a passive investor too in this stuff. So you know anybody who runs their own business knows that you have to have 110% running your business, improving your systems then to also be you know trading options on the side. So Yeah, lessons learned here. You know I guess what I'm kind of realizing is that there's different market cycles to everything. So there's a stock market market cycle. There's crypto crypto's very you know goes through a lot shorter market cycles. And then commercial real estate and residential real estate, like I said, I don't think we've seen the correction in residential real estate and stocks yet. But typically, you know just like commercial real estate, they typically run on like a eight to twelve year cycle. You know that nothing said. You can't have a double correction, but I guess said would just be one big one at the end of the day. But you you just never know. And and I guess that's my viewpoint is you just never know when I don't have a Crystal ball. You have to come at it with a assumption that you you know you're learning every day and you never know. You can never time the market. And so I think what I'm trying to do in the future is to be in different asset classes that are somewhat uncorrelated with each other, or this idea of uncorrelated assets. So commercial real estate, real estate is somewhat disconnected to the markets, although is very connected with interest rates. Obviously, there's some you know connection when interest rates go down, interest the stocks go on a nice lower run, at least in the short term. But I think where I'm looking in the future is I need to be in more more private equity, venture capital types of investments in the future. I personally don't do any stocks, bonds, mutual funds. I consider those retail investments and I prefer to invest more directly to the source lane. I want to back up here just given that we've probably got a lot of new listeners high level, give us a little bit about your engineering background and really what led you into real estate in the first place. Yeah. So at one time, I graduated college in 2007, right? And at that time, I was super into like the Roth ira maxing on my 400 1K. And you know at the time, you know doing everything my parents taught me and the vanguard guy taught me to do, which is you know go into these index funds and etf's, and then I start to work for the the man. And I didn't like it because I was a construction supervisor, you know, so I was telling like guys in their fifties and sixties what to do as a Young kid in his twenties. So I didn't really care for that, but I made good money and I was able to save a good amount of money every single year, at least like 20, 30 grand per year. So I took that money and I bought a house to live in, because that's what we're all taught to do. And I was brainwashed at the time. So I bought that house to live in, but because I was traveling all over for work, I, on a whim, kind of decided to just rent it out. And the rents were like, dollar, 2200a month. My mortgage was 16 hundred. So I didn't know about like all these expenses that you had to pay, repairs, maintenance, property management fees. I just knew I was like, wow, I was like making this cool beer money with the differential between the two. But then I got, you know, this was back in 2009, 2010. I got more educated on it. And I was like, wait a minute, I'm making money with like the cash flow on the property. Like I mentioned the tenants paying down my mortgage. So I'm getting equity built up there, the appreciation on the property, which is leverage and the tax benefits, right? So when I compared it with what I was getting in the stock market, I was like, wait a minute, why would anybody want to invest in the stock market and do that type of stuff? And mind you, I wasn't really, you know, I was working my engineering job at the time, wasn't really putting too much effort into. I was just buying a holding at the time. And I had a professional property manager that I paid 10% of the rents to. So this allowed me to focus on just working my engineering job. And you know, in case you missed it, I was kind of homeless at this time where I just lived off the company dime, you know and from hotel to hotel. So my savings rate went from like I think like 30 grand per year to like over 100 grand, you know because I also made a lot of money with those hotel points and those airline points too. And and I'm barely ate. I barely like spent any of my money. Like there was there was like months where I spent like $100 of my own money. So all this money for like maybe four, five years went straight to buying little rental properties. And by 2015, I had eleven rental properties. The first two units were in Seattle, but then eventually I would buy properties in Birmingham, Atlanta, Indianapolis, because they had just better rental value ratios out there. When I first started this podcast, I felt like I was juggling 100 hats at once. Scripts, recording, editing, branding. Honestly, it was overwhelming. That's the reality for anyone starting something new, whether it's a podcast or a business. And that's where Shopify comes in. Shopify is the commerce platform behind millions of businesses worldwide, powering 10% of all e -commerce in the United States. From household names like Mattel and Jim shark to entrepreneurs just getting started, Shopify is the built in business partner you wish you had from day one. You could launch a beautiful store in minutes and hundreds of ready to use templates. Supercharge your content creation with AI tools that help write product descriptions and enhance images and market like a pro with easy email and social media campaigns. Plus, shopifiy's expertise covers everything from inventory and shipping to handling returns. So if you're ready to sell, you're ready for Shopify. Turn your big idea into with Shopify by your side. Sign up today for just $1 per month at Shopify dot com slash unveiled. That's Shopify dot com slash unveiled. And thanks again to Shopify for supporting today's episode. Yeah appreciate you sharing a little bit of that background. So all that's led to this portfolio, you've got a figure net worth. And then most recently, you've notched another little kind of milestone in your career and you became an author, correct? Yeah. Yeah. So I wrote this this book called the wealth elevator. I think it's very unique than any other books for a couple of reasons. First, this book is mainly written for accredited investors. So you know people who make over 200, zero dollars each year and have a net worth or have a net worth of a million dollars or greater, you know and what it really does, it talks about the different stages of the wealth building cycle. You know, I think a lot of books are written out there for guys getting started in credit card debt. You know, the Dave Ramsey, Susie Orman type of books. This is definitely not the book for that. If you're looking for ways to budget, save money, I'm definitely not the guy to listen to, right? Like I had a good job right initially, and I started on the first floor of the wealth elevator, which is buying little rental properties. But in the book, I described these different levels of the wealth elevator that I put into different floors. And because I'm a geeky engineer, I have this pullout chart in the book where there's all these different levels. Like I said, when 2015, I got up to eleven rental properties. I started to interact with a lot of other accredited investors, and up until this point, I didn't know any accredit investors. My parents never even owned rental properties. So this world was all new to me. And maybe because I was Young and I listened, people kind of took me in, and I realized like how accredited investors, people with a million dollars or greater, did things with money, taxes and investments. And I kept hearing these best practices over and over again. And it kind of got me frustrated because it was like the complete opposite than what my parents taught us and what we're all taught to do. And this is kind of where I realized this was the curriculum on the second floor of the wealth elevator, right? When you're on the first floor, you know, you're kind of broke. You're making you might make a good salary, but the name of the game is just to keep buying little rental properties until your net worth you know gets too close to seven figures. And at that point, you become a bigger target for getting sued, right? Because you know you got a million dollars and you know you value your time more than money in a way. So this is kind of where I got involved into the syndication and private placement world, investing in commercial real estate and you know, different. I think what really got me was like the community and like the people who did this, like I never knew that there was this shadow world of wealthy accredit investors investing in this way. And it went well beyond what the little mom and pw rental property owners were doing. But Yeah, you know I also talk about the third floor in the penthouse in the book. You know what? I've been lucky enough to interact you know buy a lot of properties from wealthy people out there. Some people would call these people on the family office level. And, you know, these are people who are, you know, $100 million net worth, right? You know, usually takes you a few generations to get there. But to see how they do things is very different than what you know, people who have $2 million do out there. And what I started to do is I started to break down exactly, you know, a lot of these guys will have an in house cpa, in house attorney, like at least a fractional person, where they may buy out half of cpa's time, and then theyalso have people on their deal side, you know, people to search out deals for them. And then a big part of this is their very well network. You know, they may work with other family offices in a multifamily office environment where they're co sourcing deals with each other and underwriting them together. You know this is you know what I talk about in the book, but it's mainly written for you know that accredan investor who's trying to get to that next level. But I always feel like it's important to know what's two levels above view. You know and I think a part of it is like, I wish what I knew now, what I knew then kind of a theory, but like for example, the guide getting started, right? Like I tell we have a lot of free curriculum on my website for people just getting started buying little rental properties. And I always tell those guys, like don't buy these duplex squads, right? Like you guys, if you guys make a good salary, you're going na blast PaaS a credit investor status pretty quickly and you don't want these like pain in the t quad plexes that nobody wants to buy. Sure, they're better to cash flow, but you know there's a lot of reasons why you're just not gonna to get the nice pop and price on those types of assets. But and these are a lot of things, like I never had a rich uncle to kind of tell me what to do. Okay, lane, you were holding out on me because when I asked if you were interested in diverting away from just the real estate, you actually have this whole other business that you had not mentioned because the wealth elevator in and of itself seems to be its own animal. I'm looking right now on your website, you have all sorts of guides, a club. So aside from investing with you, you are of course leading the charge on investing commercial real estate, but you have this whole other side of what you're doing. How would you say you spend your time or what percentage of your time would you say you spend on this other aspect of your business? Yeah. You know I've never done a time study dying myself, but I at least in my head I try to keep it half half where half of my passion project is to, you know, we do a lot of events for accredit investors because that was my big all home when I got started was I never realized people invested this way. And a lot of these people are very generous and cool. So we have a mastermind for credit investors. We do events from time to time. You know people come to Hawaii where I live, and you know we do a lot of online events because a lot of our folks are pretty busy. But on the other side of the house, as you mentioned, you know I sort of operate as my own family office, right? And the job of a family office is not to trade time for money, but to invest the money that I have into good projects. So a part of that is going out there and sourcing good deals directly with the person who is doing the deal, the deal operator sponsor. Now, this is this is kind of where I've kind of cloned myself and hire a team to do this. One little sneaky thing I did was during the pandemic, I started to go and just put out job postings on LinkedIn for people who already work for these very wealthy family offices. Part of it because I you know, I had learned t that these family offices will hire deal finders for them, kind of like in you know, like your small real estate world, you've got the little wholesalers that find properties for the house flippers, similar framework. These family offices will have people who are well connected, that know all the players, that the operators where the deals are going down, and they will bring the deal to the family office, the patriarch or the family to make a decision. Sometimes theyalso offer underwriting services and asset management. Two, but make no mistake, the family office is not the person running the deal, right? When we mean asa management in that sense, they're the one that's kind of harassing the operator for different financials and and making sure that they're doing what they're supposed to be doing. But you know this is essentially what I've tried to emulate, right? Like I mean, I have people on my staff and partners that are out there, I mean like even today in conferences, going to close doors, dinners with the operators and other family offices, understanding where they're getting deal flow from, what they're investing in directly. This is something that I've realized that maybe is not my forte. I'm more of an introvert, which maybe I maybe is a good thing at the end of the day, I think introverts are probably better at building stronger relationships. But you know I don't like the conferencing personally. It kind of drains my energy doing that type of stuff. But Yeah, that's you know you got to be out there looking for deals and interacting with you know people on that level at least, you know people who are million, few million dollars net worth, that's for sure. But Yeah like you know a lot of that is and then the underwriting is definitely done by the team there on that side when yyou have a big goal that you're trying to reach, whether it's assets under management or doors or passive income or anything like that out there that that you're striving for. No, not really. I mean, I get that that question assome time to time. And when you when you guys ask it, I'm probably like maybe I should have some goal, but no, I mean, I'm still like in my fors and I probably am going keep doing this for another decade. So maybe I'm just kind of like, I'm just I'm just jogging, right? I'm just in a marathon just jogging doing my thing. And to me that the thing is just look for good deals on the right them get to know the person doing the deal so that you know that you're doing business with good, honest people and just find a deal every quarter to invest in. And you know that cadence may change more frequently less frequently. But you know again, like going back to my you know what I said about market cycles, you never know when a market cycle is going to be so. You know you kind I hate to quote financial planners on this, but you know, like eat dollar cost average, right? So I always want to be kind of going into deals. Now, I think previously it was all commercial real estate, but I think in the future, maybe I wanna sprinkle in some private equity venture capital, which are way more riskier, but you know, have potential for higher returns. But I think from my perspective, or at least uncorrelated with each other, so you know the next time commercial real estate goes down, you know maybe the other sectors that I'm in aren't really impacted too much. I will say that you know I also I personally follow a barbell approach in terms of investments where a lot of stuff I do is for most people's viewpoints, pretty risky. Although you know take a look at the numbers and you know we do sensitivity analysis and I feel confident and I obviously I wouldn't be doing what I'm doing if I didn't feel I have a certain level of confidence in this, but I have you know stuff that are more on that riskier side, asymmetric side and then a bunch of stuff on like the low risk, low return side, such as life insurance or maybe people who do like tea bills would go on that side. Or close end funds is another tactic that wealthy people will do to convert their net worth to cash flow in a little bit of a tax advantage way. I personally don't do that. I like life insurance as kind of my method of achieving that side of that barbell. But but Yeah, you know that's what I do, but that's I'm not giving any financial advice. Another sort fied financial planner apparently. You know I would have to charge people to do that and also sell them marketable securities too. That's I think that's where I'm heading in the future. The reason behind us, and I'm going to talk about about real estate a little bit. I still gonna do real estate, don't get me wrong, right? But for a lot of other reasons. But we just came out of an interest rate environment the last decade of pretty much free money. And I think Howard Marx had some remarks about this too recently, where there's been a bit of a changing of the guards after the summer of 2022. That was when the interest rates started to shoot up. Everybody talks about interest rates going back down and they are, but I don't think that it's gonna to go the Fed rate is gonna to go under 3%. And I'll be the first one to tell you. I don't know, but I mean, I'm just going off of the data that all industry professionals have with which is the chanthon financial curve or the cme fed watch. Like right now, everybody listening needs to bookmark those two pages. Again, those are the chanthon financial curve and the cme feed watch tool. These people are the people who sell insurance on the the rate caps for chrooperators like us. So suffice to say, they have some skin in the game. So I know also know that there's a lot of fun websites out there that do prop and you know if they're going to increase the or decrease interest rates too, but Yeah, these these two tools are like the best thing we got out there. And they're not saying that the interest rates are going to come down under 3% anytime soon. So we lost a big trade win to investing in real estate. And when you combine that, the fact that now expenses are hell of a lot greater, I mean, inch insurance just doubled, taxes just doubled, a lot of these properties and debt service is gonna to be at this elevated level. I mean, Geez, like how do you make this stuff work, right? Of course, every deal that you do should be a special snowflake, right? That buthe generalities of this. But you know, I think that those people who were real estate fan boys such as myself, lost a big trade to our back again. So going to do it for other reasons. But I looked at myself from in 20 23 to 2020 four as a bit of a soul searching. And you know where where is an investor going to get alpha is a question you need to ask. What asset class? What's the business plan? And I think you know you no longer can just buy and hold your way to financial freedom. I mean, like I'm sure the audience have heard this concept of turnkey rentals because that's what I started with. And that's where people on the first floor of the wealth elevator, I think you should do and you know, to these turnkey rentals, or you buy a house, you don't do too much to it because you don't want to take too much risk on the construction side. But when I was first buying this stuff, I was buying it for like 60 to 80 grand per property per unit. And I was able to get like $800a month in rent. Fast forward to today, that same property is like $140000 with hell of a lot more interest rate, taxes, insurance. It just it just doesn't work anymore. So you have to go to a more audacious business plan. So you know I think that's what we were doing, like we were renovating these apartments. But you can't just just do lipstick on on a pig. It now pushes you to maybe even ground up construction or I think that's what led me to now buying businesses private equity and you know these other more audacious investments that, yes, they are a lot more riskier, but you know the the water level in the harbor are just got a lot, lot higher. And what got us here isn't going to get us to where we want to be. Yeah, for sure. Well lane, I'll I'll spare you going through all the rapid fire questions again, but I do have a couple that I still want na hit on. Maybe you haven't had, we haven't asked you before. One of which is if you could have dinner with any four people living or dead, who would they be? Okay, four people living or dead? Oh, that's a lot of people. So I'm gonna pick mine strategically here. So to help my real estate, I want to have, I want to pick the brain of the Fed chair. I want to understand if they really are freaked out, if Trump is gonna kick them out, and where interest rates are really going, because real estate is highly correlated where where interest rates go. So there's some a few pointed nquestions. I would like to ask, just for my own understanding on that, the next person I would like to talk to is the people who are at the top of like jp Morgan and city, like these investment banker houses, you know in like you know when a stock goes ipo, I think that's what everybody sees. But people don't realize that a lot of these firms will invest with these companies more early stage, maybe not as early as an Angel investor will invest on the seed round. But you know like I prefer to invest in companies once they're making revenue, right? That's why I like to buy apartments, but like to see the last two years of financials sure makes a dress a lot of things and gives me a little bit more certainty in an uncertain world. But I think there is some things that like the large institutions have a huge advantage at at the same time, the huge the large institutions have a lot of overhead, a lot of people to pay. And I think that goes back to my like why as an investor, I like to try to cut out the middlemen and invest more directly. Maybe that means I can you know ultimately save money in terms of fees and carried interest by doing it that way. But I kind of like to you know get that that side of that more institutional investment house on the way things, the way that they're thinking about things or maybe at somebody at Blackstone or something like that. Nice. Any any last words of advice for somebody who's just started out on their journey in real estate? You know I don't know. I mean, real estate's tough, right? Like I said, prices are a lot more elevated, so you got to make sure you underwrite your properties. Well, you know I would say maybe real estate isn't for you, right? Maybe you skip to bigger projects. You know check out my book. I mean, if you guys buy my book and email me the receipt, I'll hook you guys up with the pdf, an mp three version. But I think that's the first thing you got to figure out what floor of the wealth elevator you're at first, because some people don't make that much money and they need to just focus on getting a better job and saving more money and budgeting. Some people are definitely ready to skip over single family homes because single family homes isn't going to get you to financial independence. I mean, I add eleven, if you really want ten to $20000, a passive income a month, you're going na need damn near 40 or 50 of those things. And that is just not sustainable. And you'll probably get sued a couple times every single year for some frivolless thing thatdrive you crazy? So Yeah, that's the first thing is figure out what floor you're on, the wealth elevator first because the strategy kind of or is predominantly dictated off of that awstin. That's Lania the net worth of north of a million or $10 million. Thanks for on the show today. Thanks for listening to the millionaire's unveiled podcast with Jace Mattinson. For more stories, investment opportunities and information, check out our website, millionaireunveiled dot com. See you next time when you'll hear from another everyday millionaire.
