---
ticker: NET
type: podcast_transcript
title: "Dave Ramsey’s Shocking Prediction For Housing Prices, Stock Market, & The Trump Economy"
podcast: ""
date: 2025-08-03
audio_url: https://www.podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/pdst.fm/e/prfx.byspotify.com/e/mgln.ai/e/35/claritaspod.com/measure/pscrb.fm/rss/p/mgln.ai/e/1468/traffic.megaphone.fm/IMP5393419242.mp3?updated=1754247029
language: auto
chars: 98004
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# Dave Ramsey’s Shocking Prediction For Housing Prices, Stock Market, & The Trump Economy

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2025-08-03

---

## Transcript

Nobody wants to get catfished by dating profiles or big wireless carriers with hidden fees. Your one match visible wireless, it's one line wireless with unlimited data and hotspot for just lar 25a month. Taxes and fees included. Now that's a Green flag. And it's fully digital, so you can switch as fast as you swipe. Tap the banner. To learn more terms apply. See visible. Com for plan features and network management details. The us federal budget is on an unsustainable path. We're just spending like we're on crack. I mean, it's just nuts. We're gonna be broke really quickly unless we get serious about dealing with our spending issues. How can you possibly sustain this? How would you approach things differently? I would make Elon Musk look like Mother Teresa for Young people today. Where do you see the biggest opportunities for them? This moment in time is the best possible time to be alive in the history of human race. If you want to build, welcome. So many people have become desensitized to the fact that you got information of the entire world in their, you start a digital application or something, you can go to market with it for free. It's like I have a magic wand. And if you will tap into that instead of believing these horrible philosophies that are floating around about all the economy ies systemically flowed near spand. You know, boomers bought their houses with a basket of strawberries and then now you can't buy if you don't quit believe ing all that crap and instead did go cut. Anything's possible. Go do. Dave Ramsay, thank you so much for coming on the ice coffee hour. Oh, it's good to be back with you guys. Really appreciate you've got the big dogs out there, that lineup that's been on the show lately. Wow. Thank you. It is great, relasuper. Super fun to have you on. And your insights into the economy and everything financial, they're always extremely fascinating. So thanks again. Fascinating as a word. Yeah so we have to know what are your predictions for the Trump economy in terms of jobs, stocks and growth? If you're just to lay it all out, what do you predict? You anytime I predict the economy or politics, I'm generally wrong. So I hesitate to do it, but I would say, rather than my prediction, my hope is that what he's attempting to do works. And so, you know, the big, beautiful bill really did do some wonderful tax things. The middle class got a huge tax breaks in 2017 and it was made permanent so that anytime that there's less taxes, there's more money. And that helps the economy. People have their money in their pocket instead of sending it to the stupid government. So that's a good thing. Obviously, if you can get the energy sector moving, that's a one eighth of the one seventh of the economy, depending on how you measure it. And if you get drill, baby, drill happening om, that creates a boom. If you get interest rates to move slightly down, and he's having a big argument now as we speak about that, and you know you could cause it an economic boom and get things moving and so forth. So there's a lot of reasons to be bullish. I honestly thought some of it would have happened before now when he came into office, but this is hard process, I guess. And I don't again, I'm not very good at predicting it. And I've been predicting that the we're gonna na have a boom real estate economy for, I don't know, and unsuccessfully predicting that for like six consecutive quarters. So I'm about ready for it to happen. Actually, if you keep saying it, eventually you'll be right. Right. So all of this seem like upsides. Are there any potential downsides that you see or any concerns with that? Adding on to a national that was a little bit caught off guard by how all the tariff things, all the tariff discussions and arguments and grenades and whatever you want to call them, his method of negotiating is pretty much a baseball thwindow. But the I was a little bit shocked about how that froze everybody. They just sat on the sidelines like a deer in the headlights and watched. So let's wait to see how that happens before we did, because it doesn't affect a lot of people, doesn't affect us. We don't buy a lot of stuff overseas. It doesn't affect Ramsay at all. And so why would we be sidelined? We were gonna go. We should go do what we were gonna do. And we haven't been we haven't made a decision. But I'm amazed at the number of people in business that I talked to that you know they're like, wow, we're kind of waiting on this tariff thing to clear out why it doesn't even but it did more damage the waiting to see what's going to happen did more damage than than I thought it was going to and slowed everything down sluggish because anytime you because you know we've talked about this before. The economy is self fulfilling prophecy. If people believe things are going to be good, what do they do? They they invest in new people. They bring on payroll. They give people jobs. They invest in buildings to put the company in. They invest in computers to run the thing on. You know the money goes out the door. When you believe, when you're hopeful, when you're scared, you pull back and you build the war chest, and you quit hiring and you quit investing and you quit building up inventory and because you don't think it's going to sell. And so you know it becomes a self fulfilling prophecy, and that if you believe it's going to work, you do the things that causes it to work, causes the prosperity to occur if enough people do it at a macro level. So given the uncertainty, what would you then recommend for the average person should they alter their plan of action considering the the financial environment right now? Nope. You would say tried and always do exactly do the same principles over and over. The same principles work in uptimes and downtimes. But then what about the the state of the housing market too, with affordability getting really low because you have rates staying up, you have home prices are staying up overall, it's getting much more difficult to buy a home. A lot of people are saying, maybe you should start considering renting when the American dream has always been to buy a house. What do you say to maybe a person that's debating between renting and buying a home? Now, long term, always buying a home is a good idea. Buying home you can't afford is not a good idea. So if the affordability issues are affecting you as a person, then obviously you need to sideline until you can get your situation straightened out. Here's what's interesting about that discussion is it applies to some people and it doesn't apply to others. You talked to a guy who I talked to a kid the other day who just came out a four year degree in supply chain, brand new college graduate, making 140 right out the gate. He's not worried about affordability in Nashville, Tennessee. He can he can do it. He's freaking 23 years old. I mean, come on. Yeah, you know, he's not he graduwith what what was his major in supply chain? Okay, supply chain logistics. So Yeah, I mean, killed it. It's a great degree field. And you know, you talked to another person who's I talked to lathe the day who just finished up her stuff in cybersecurity. She's making 400k. She's not worried about, you know, so she's not having this discussion, but it's people who are stuck in their careers and they're not advancing their incomes faster than the house prices or the interest rates, are advancing the cost affordability issues. And so then they start to read the news and they start to read the wealthy quality stuff and they're like, Oh, life's unfair. I can't buy right now. There's been times in my life I couldn't buy. But just because they could buy, does that mean that they should? Because just from what I'm saying, this is the first time I've ever seen a housing market where, to me, even it makes more sense to rent. And I'm looking at properties, and I've been looking at properties daily for years throughout la, California, Vegas, and I'm looking at the rent to sale ratio. And throughout most of these areas, you could rent for half the price it would cost you to buy it. And when I'm looking at the interest rates and the property taxes and the insurance, I would rather just rent. It might be the case for a year or it might be a case for two years. I don't know. I, you know, again, I started got my real estate license in 1978. We've had that discussion before. So I've watched this a long, long time. And the thing I know is if I'm talking to a 40 year old and they never buy a house, the 80 year old version of them is gonna to be really pissed because their cost of housing over that 40 years, 100% chance it's going up 100. What if they're diligently investing? Because you've seen these statistics before, where if you had put your down payment in the S&P at the same time as buying a house, the S&P investment would have outpaced it by double. And that was from the 80s through today, except that the largest line item in your personal income budget for the typical American is housing. And when you buy home and then you pay it off, that's no longer your largest line item in your personal budget. And you can do investing. And so you flip the cash flow towards investing at that point. And the data from the largest millionaire study ever done, that we did, 10167 of them, shows that the typical one to 5 million, the first one to 5 million of net worth that they get is in the 400 1K and investing in Roth iras and good mutual funds in the market and getting a home and getting it paid off. So they're sitting there a million, seven net worth and they've got a $800000, 400 1K and they've got to paid for 900, zero dollars house and they're 47 years old and they're millionaires and that's that's their first 1.7 million. Now you don't get to 100 million doing that. That's a different world. But we're not talking about billionaires. We're talking about millionaires and and sustainability. So I don't talk to happy 78 year olds and 83 year olds on our show that are renters. So it's not a long term play, but on the short term, is there times the market is dipsy doodle and it's got you got this hydroclline, so to speak, where it's flipped and the cold watis on top and the hot water's on the butyou know Yeah that could happen just like when I'm diving, it's same thing could happen. It's a weird experience, but but it's not the norm. Eventually the the warm water is gonna to be on top and the cold water is gonna be on bottom. It's interesting because your perspective is like financially maximizing. It's kind of like what people should be doing. And then your perspective is kind of like what people are doing because you have the whole idea of like, well, right now it makes more sense to rent because maybe you could be mobile with your job. With rates and affordability as low as it is, it gives you the freedom. But that's not a 40 year play. That's I mean, it depends on if you're 40 month play. If you're reassessing all the time and you're financially maximizing, that makes sense. Same thing goes for credit cards because you could still get the money back if you don't adjust for spending habits and stuff like that. And that's and that's what people like. If you are financially maximizing and you're super in tune with it doing really good for a minute, what they pait credit. But let me just let me just, you know, specify, you actually report on what people are doing, the fact of the matter. Like, yes, you do have this contempous truth, but I'll maximize. But what my point is not that, my point is it's it's you don't want to compare a Five Year Plan with a 40 year plan, theylead you to different conclusions. And to say, I'm going to rent for 40 years would be ludicrous based on historical data. Yeah are there moments in time where a four or Five Year Plan that what grant you know what Graham saying? I don't doubt what you're saying about I think that's probably accurate numbers, but it's not a 40 year plan. And so right now, if you're in a moment where you need the flexibility and you're in and out and you know you're you're sitting in la with your as your example was, and you can rent for half of what you can buy if that's the case. I haven't looked at the numbers, but I don't doubt okay, I don't doubt your numbers. So I mean, if that's the case, and Yeah, for now, but don't you know don't make that your long term game plan, I would agree with that really. It was up until 2021 was I was huge proponent of buying a house. 2022, I saw things starting to flip where I noticed rents just getting way too cheap for what they were. So now I'm in very much like, I wouldn't buy something right now. I would rent. But prior to 2:20, I was all about buying. I thought there were great opportunities out there. You know, I just realiit's hilarious. In 2:20, I was buying my first house. And he was like, no, Jack, don't do it. But he's telling everyone, Oh, it's a great time to buy. And it was a good time. And now I'm buying a house because he's like, Jack, you should get this house. And he's telling everyone, no, it's not the right time to buy. That is like Jack is the exception in 2020, Jack skyrocketing in 2020. His income was going up. And I'm like, if you wait like a few years, what you would be able to purchase would be so much different from that. That that was the reason why he was going from not zero, but like going from zero to one like very quickly. So if I'm financially obliterating myself and buying a short term rental right now, what is your personal investing strategy for two, 25? How are you allocating your money? What's your what's your goal? I just put an loi on a piece of commercial real estate. I don't know. We just went to contract on it really. Yeah another that we're going going through zoning and if if we get through due diligence on it, we'll start developing. What's the goal in mind with this real estate? 40 years? Yeah it won't be for me. I'm not doing it for me. I'm doing it for my grandkids. So my son in law runs all at real estate. Rachel's husband and he and I are having a blast and herun it and someday it's a wonderful piece of property and ittake, it's a large deal and ittake ittake a couple a decade plus to build it all the way out. Oh, really? Yeah. Several pieces of, you know, like some retail on the front and office in the back and that kind of stuff. What's your hotel on it? That kind of, what's your secret to getting a good deal? That deal, that particular one, I don't know that I really got a great deal. I usually buy stuff at you know south of 70% of reappraisal in that one. I'm I am doing something I don't usually recommend. I'll just be authentic on that one. I'm I got a good price on it. They little price for more than I've got it tie it up for I think but we're I'm really betting on it's right on the edge of the growth ring. And so I'm just betting on it's a great long term play. So it's a value purchase rather than a price purchase kind of thing. In that particular case, if we were buying something that's cash a cash flow apartment right now or something like that, I'm just looking at I'm looking at rois and looking the net operating income. I'm looking at the cap rates and just saying, okay, you know what's my cash on cash because I pay cash and so know what I what am I going to get out of this now and how much how poorly is it managed and can I get the occupancy rates up and so forth? How did the number shake out on this? And I'm also curious, obviously you you don't need to be doing any of this, but I'm curious, are you just like scouring loop net still? Like you're like you're like looking at deals, trying to find something, calling the person like, Hey, you know, Danion this. I mean, Winston, he does all so you have people that they came in and said, Hey, here's four, five things we I look at and I went, you know, I went down, drove the truck up on it, sat up on piece of ground and go, Yeah, traffic couch here. This feels good. And Yeah, and I know exactly. I mean, I grew up in this area, so I've watched this progress for 50, 60 years, you know, so I got a good feel for it that way. Feasibility studies in my gut, you know. And so, you know, and then we go and we do all the other stuff too. So we'll do all the stuff during due diligence. But no, I'm not scouring it, but I do. I just love messing with real estate. I grew up in the business, and it's the thrill of the chase and the building stuff is fun. And I just and the numbers are great. You know, it's a great return on investment. What sort of return do you look for? Most of our commercial stuff, you know, when it's built out and everything would be it's going to have an irr up in the twenties, but a cash on cash would probably be twelve, 14. Most of the that's fantastic. Yeah, that's phenomenal. But but the irr, I mean, including your depreciation schedules, your appreciation and all that stuff, that's the irr, right? Internal rate return. And so, you know, we look, we want that to be up in the twenties or 30 ties easy. But but there's a hassle factor involved ving all that stuff that you don't have, you know, mutual. If I want to throw something, an index fund, I can make you know eleven, twelve, the last two years, 23, 24, but and not do anything. Hardly just just you know open the computer screen and look at it. But this stuff you actually have to work on. So always laugh when people say real estate's passive. That's just stupid to me. There's nothing passive about it. Yeah, very active. Although before we go into that, when it comes to business, they say that you could get better, cheaper or faster, but you could only pick two. But what if you could have all three at the same time? And that is exactly what cohere Thompson, Reuters and specialized bikes have since they've upgraded to the next generation of the cloud, Oracle Cloud infrastructure. Those aware oci is a blazing fast platform for your infrastructure, database application development and AI need for you could run any workload in a high availability, consistently high performance environment and spend less than you would than with other clouds. How is it faster? Well, oc's block storage gives you more operations per second. How is it cheaper, you might ask? Well, oci costs up to 50% less for compute, 70% less for storage and 80% less for networking and better. Well, in test after test, oci customers report lower latency and higher bandwidth versus other clouds. This is the cloud built for AI and all of your biggest workloads. So right now with zero commitment, try oci for free. Just head to oracle com slash iced with the link down below in the description. Again, that is oracle. Com slash iced link down below. Thank you so much. And we appreciate oracle for sponsoring this podcast. I'm curious, are you seeing a lot of opportunity in commercial real estate right now? We have a friend, Ben Malla. I don't know if you've ever Yeah, okay. Well, he does a lot of commercial real estate over in Florida. He says that he sees a lot of opportunity because you know the loans on commercial is a lot, they're a lot shorter and a lot of them are going na be coming due and then they're gonna na have to refinance at a higher rate. It's gonna to then open up the supply. A lot of people are going to have to sell. And you could be really aggressive right now with with low balling offers on commercial real estate as opposed to residential real estate where there's gonna to be a little less opportunity. Yeah residential is the only place you compete with the end use consumer. When you're in commercial, you're competing with other B2B. So it's your other player is an investor. So everybody's looking for a deal, you know but nobody's looking to pay an emotional White picket fence for my Yorkey in the backyard price, right? You don't have that with an apartment complex. It's just crunch the numbers. The numbers is the numbers and the. Per unit. You know what are these things selling for per unit and what's that moving for or what's office space doing right now given that some people are working at home and how much of its empty and what's the future of that and so on. So you just kind of got to play those things through, but you're not you don't really have the same competition. That's why I tell people, you know the beginning investor this. I want to buy duplex and live in one side and rent out the other. Two problems with that, one is your tenants next door. And two is when you get ready to sell it, the buyer is probably not an emotional buyer, a retail buyer. It's probably another investor, and which means wholesale by definition. And so it doesn't you know you're probably not going to see the same appreciation rates on something that the investthat the investor market is your pool for resale. Yeah, I would agree with that. I so I did that. I got a duplex and Oh no, I goto just step in. I was very I was very lucky that that was the first place that I was really like did trying to house hack and get by. And so I basically got this place for no money whatsoever. I went in, I fixed it up. I then refinanced it. I pulled all my cash out. So I had zero dollars in my own money in this. And with the rent from the other unit and paying down the mortgage, it was a free place for me to live in the middle of Los Angeles. But I also got very lucky. I love the tenants next door. They were awesome. So for me, that worked out really well. But I do agree with you on the appreciation aspect of that. Looking back from a price standpoint, I would have made more appreciation buying a single family home. But in that case, it worked out really well from getting the rents. So they almost balanced each other out. But from appreciation, it would have been easier to sell a single family home. Well, and you caught a wave in la, which that waves not Christan right now. Yeah, correct. So I wouldn't be able to do that today. You could get your that exact deal today. It might break you. Yes, I would agree with that. Now speaking of debt, the national debt is on pace to hit 50 trillion over the next ten years is what they're estimating. Do you see there being a huge issue with money printing and taking on debt within the economy? I'm the guy that hates debt more than anybody you've ever met. You know what I mean? And I'm baffled by the national debt because, I mean, when I first started in my thirties, there was books out that the world was coming to an end, right? Bankruptcy. Was it bankruptcy 1994 or something that got predicting that hockey stick and the debt was going to dry up the money supply and it was going to crash, was going to, you know, squeeze the life out of the economy, choke it down. And you know that the interest rates, that the interest that the us is paying out of their budget line items is is far exceeding most other things in the budget. And it was gonna, the thing was gonna to flip over mathematically and it's gonna, we're all going to die. Another one was coming, economic earthquake. And another guy, one of my buddies that buys and sells. And I think the world having me and our are complete opposites. But I still look is Robert Kiyosaki. And Kiyosaki did a book about the ending, the coming end of the world, whatever the coming economic collapse or whatever reccall that I forget. And so and didn't happen. It's kind of like me predicting the coming economic prosperity for like six quarters, but didn't happen. You know, so I, everybody and the other thing I've noticed, there's a lot of people writing books on the end of the world do this stuff. And as I've gotten old, I've noticed that old White men really have this desire for the world to come to an end. I don't know what the problem is, but they keep bringing me, they keep sending me these these manuscripts that are half typed out. Looks like something from a movie, right? And you need to, you need to tell the world about this, Dave. And it's the the coming economic earthquake the world's gonna to end, you know? And you know, I hate dead and I don't like that we're doing this, but a long time ago, it was supposed to have collapsed everything, and it hasn't, which I don't understand. It baffles me. So one of my good friends is a guy named art Lafer. Art moved to Tennessee from California many years ago, and he's the father of supside economics. He started Reagonomics. He was on Ronald Reagan's cabinet, and he's brilliant. He's got a PhD in economics from Cambridge. Okay? He's old money guy, he's in his eighties, and he's just a wonderful guy. And he and I got a big argument riding together on a plane about this. I'm like, come on, explain to me. And he tried to explain it to me why it's okay because it doesn't bother him a bit. And he's Mr. Y economics, right? And I'm like, and I couldn't understand why he doesn't. I still don't understand why it's not there. But but I quworrying about it is the summary of the story. I really don't understand why it has not done more damage already. I mean, you talk about 50 trillion. I mean, I remember when we're talking about 10 trillion trillion, my God. I mean, how in the world you know and you know we're just spending like we're like we're on crack. I mean, it's just nuts. How can you possibly sustain this? And yet, for three decades, I've watched us do it, and it has seemingly had almost no effect. So could you argue, though, that the effect is a devaluation in the dollar, some inflation and asset prices have increased? No, because during the time we've done this, we've had inflation of 2%. Some years that inflation of 3%. I mean, the cpi for 70 years is average 4.3. That's consumer price index, the measure of inflation. I mean, we had 9.7 under Biden, and we had some supply chains screup in weird inflation, you know, post Covid inflation and that kind of stuff. It was kind of an anomaly. But overall, if you chart inflation with the debt, it hasn't followed it. It's not been that. I mean, the worst inflation we had was in the seventies, and there was hardly any death. Then you go back under Carter era and look at that stuff in gas prices and gas lines, and we had double digit inflation year in and year out in the 19 seventies. And it was not tracking with the debt. It was not, was not. It didn't. It didn't, you know, and because if you did that, you would think there was, if it was causationist to the correlation, yoube able to track them both on on a graph and see them following each other, right? And they don't, which I truly don't understand, or tried to explain it to me, and I'm just not smart enough to get it. So if you were in charge of the government, how would you approach things differently? Well, nobody would let me be in because I would cut all of their live out ls, all of this. God man, they got the nanny stuff. I mean, I would make Elon Musk look like Mother Teresa. You know, I mean, we would doge that thing down to, I mean, I would back a balance budget, but no one would let you because of all the because everyone's grandmother would be in the street starving and whatever to hear them tell it, which is bullcrap. But almost every eight minutes, sexual assault or misconduct was reported to Uber. But despite more than 400000 reports, Uber refused safety improvements. Now they're trying to stop car crash victims from holding them accountable too. Every eight minutes, Uber tries to silence victims and paid for by alliance against corporate abuse, sponsored by Consumer Attorneys of California ad committee's top funders, Consumer Attorneys of California. You all these little pet projects wehave no streets, wehave no army, wehave No Whatever. According to the people who go bananas, as soon as you start cutting one little thing, I mean, look at how they reacted to cutting just ridiculous stuff under Elon. He brings up these things that you look, he puts them out there. And any sane human, right or left, is looking at this, going, this is moronic. And they cut it. And then what do they do? They protest in the streets because we cut moronic stuff. So I don't know how you would do it politically or without causing societal upheaval of some kind, but mathematically, you could do it. I mean, but none of this happens in a vacuum. Roughly a quarter of the entire budget of the government goes towards social security. What are your thoughts on overall retirement income? Social security, should we push out the retirement age? Is this something that we should be dealing with or just say, okay, we need to take care of the people that have worked their entire life and maybe not been financially prudent and then give them social security. Well, social security was never intended mathematically, nor philosophically or nor politically to be your retirement plan couldn't have worked like shaken out mathematically if they just kept individual accounts for each person for the most part. So shmany, if we had individual accounts and put it in 2%, I mean, as a negative rate of return, social security is a negative way to return. So if we put it, if we just put it in there and didn't spend it and gave it back out, youhave more if you just broke even. But if you put it in an account and got 2%, God, if you put it in an account and got 7%, youhave like bazillions of dollars more. Bush tried to talk about privatizing a portion of it, but at W and he got just destroyed politically because you're trying to my grandmother is not gonna to be able to eat because these evil Republicans and all this garbage came out. So but I mean, the math on social security, it is the worst possible investment. I you know, when bush was doing that, I was on the show and I would come out. So here's the math, guys. At that time I was like 40 something years old. I said, okay, I paid in for 25 years. If you just won't make me pay in anymore, you can keep all I've given you. I won't. I'll opt out, completely opt out. I'll don't take it. And I will kick your butt with the remaining 20 years of my earning power. I will, I will have I'll be just fine with the money I would have paid into social security, putting it into a cd. I would have had ten or 20x. What they're going to pay me now at 65 years old, why can't you opt out? Because I wouldn't really. It's just another tax. It's not like it. But the thing is the reason, because the smart people would, and that would only leave the dumb people. The reason why is because current workers pay for the people who are currently on social security. So all of our money goes to them because future generations trust fund has been robbed long ago. There's no trust fund. It's a cash flow low mechanism now. But Yeah, you're exactly right. I mean, and so like pastors, preachers can opt down on the grounds of I object to the system on religious basis aces, which as a Christian I could easily do because it's a horrible use of God's money. So I object to it on a religious basis, but I'm not a preacher, so I can't do it. But when preachers ask me should I opt out, I'm like, Oh Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. So you're saying everyone should become a preacher. That's a great side hustle video, right? But it's only your go life hack. The kind of thing is only your pastoral income you can opt out on. So if you have a sasa away, you anything else you get and is still shuto the system, you can shift income. Yeah you know what are they what are we got to replace? You got have a retirement plan. You got to have long term disability because if you become disabled as an adult, you get ssi, which is a function of social security. And if you die, your kids are taking care of a social security. And so you need life insurance. But duh, you need all three of those things any way. If you're a responsible adult, that's part of financial planning. You need to retire my plan. You need long term disability and you need life insurance. Take care of your family if something happens to you. That's basic financial planning. You need to be doing that anyway, pastor. So just do what you're supposed to do anyway and opt out and use the money. You would have been given those dufuses to fund your personal life, and you come out way better off. So what is your balance then between having a social safety net and taking personal responsibility? I spoke in a church the other day, and I was showing them the numbers that if we spend in America, if we took 20% of our Halloween budget and 20% of our pet budget, we the people could take care of. We the people, easy therebe, no hungry kids. You could find every every Harvest Food Bank, every hungry kid in America, there would be no hunger except for systemic problems. But I mean, mathematically, there be the money to feed every hungry kid in America, 20% of your Halloween budget, 20% of your pet budget. How much are people spending on Halloween and peit's billions and billions and billions every year. I didn't even touch Christmas. I'm not the grch. Okay. So I mean, but our consumption versus our generosity, we, the people and people are not as generous because they think it's the government's job and it's not it's your job. If we would take care of each other, we can put the government out of business, we can make them irrelevant. And then suddenly all these discussions start to have a different flavor. So one of my massive goals is just to increase outrageous generosity by typical individuals to the point that it actually makes a macro impact. What would you say are the best real world applications of generosity for average people? You just look for something that is loving people well that are struggling. And how can I fund hungry children? How can I fund something to keep you know, this huge problem with sex trafficking? Take something like Saint Jude's hospital. You know, it's only like a couple billion to run one of those things. And that's nothing out of our consumption budgets, nothing. You could build 37 of those things in one year if you just dial back a little bit of consumption. Said, okay, we're all going in the charitable hospital business, all of us together, and you know it's not required, but it's inspired. And that's the difference in taxation and generosity. I suppose this is a very like a weird niche dilemma to bring up. But every single time that I've like given to a charitable organization, I have gotten probably two to three letters in the mail every single month for years because of that, which is obviously like not anything you know, horrible. But we also, I mean, we also, we did saint Judes. Like Yeah, we did we did saint Judes this year, but every time that so far, and and you don't know where the Monis going, which I guess is also up to the charity, like they could also, no, you do to ask, you could just say, okay, or your books open and their books are open, by the way, you could, if you wanna know where their money want, just ask them. They got it. You can jump on their site, look at it. I like doing things where I could see the impact or see the person and tipping. But I'll give you a good example of this is this is like the most memorable for me is I was eating sushi and it was maybe 9:30 at night and I see a mom come in with her four year old and she's doing DoorDash, and I'm thinking she's a hard worker at 9:30 at night picking up sushi with her kid. She can't get a babysitter. So I gave her 100 bucks like that I felt great about because she's out there working in like $100 for her, I'm sure would go a long way. That made me feel good to see the impact that has in a person and to see the reaction when you do something like that. You know and all the studies tell us that when you can see the impact, that generosity increases. And so you know how do we do that at a million dollar level instead of 100 level and see the impact? And you can do it. I mean, you don't have to give to some monolith and not know, throw the money into some black thing and never know where it went out there. But and you know, for that matter, people, it's not unusual for wealthy people to just start something and say, I'm going to do this. I'm going to go, I'm going to go put a stop to at least some sex trafficking. I'm going to go out here and I'm gonna to make sure that these kids get fed and that means we're gonna to set up a food bank here and I'm gonna to make sure it's funded and I'm gonna to watch the people come in and get the food and and you do it with a million dollars instead of 100. But Yeah, I agree with you. The tipping is tipping activates that part of your dna that we're talking about right now. But if we did that at a macro level, you do away with social security because Dave Ramsey doesn't need social security. I don't have to have it. I'm fine. Start 15 hundred bucks a month or something, right? Hey, I don't need it. Are you collecting social security? I will. I'm 64. Be 65. So you've delayed it to try to get the maximum of that. Yeah at a certain age you just have to take it's not I mean, I don't what are you gonna do with it? I don't I don't even know what's there. I'll just you just go into the account and we'll just keep going. But but that's you know, the point is is that it's you said the folks that are struggling, how do we take care of them? How do we have a safety net? I don't need a safety net because I've been, I've done my job right. And for people that have done their job, they don't need a safety net. So but also it's not fair to take the money away from me because I have paid in for 50 freaking years. And so that wouldn't be equitable, that wouldn't be correct. But socially, we could do it with a non governmental process. And people are cared for and loved. And think about the most of the universities were started as Christian institutions. Most of the hospitals in America were started not by the medical industry, but by the healing arts. And these were people doing this as an act of love, as an act of generosity with wealth that they had built. It was the private sector taking care of the private sector. There's a lot going on that's very good in that area. But man, you could make the government irrelevant mathematically. And it would be an awesome day. So we spoke about the underserved, the people that are struggling, that need help. What do you do with just the lazy people that don't want na work? They want na sit back, relax, spend time on their phone. What we have to stop and thinking about is what's good for that person. Although really quick, if you're looking to cut back on expenses without really changing your lifestyle, looking at your phone bill is one of the best places to start. Most people are still paying 60, $80 or even $100 or more for something they barely even think about. That's why we're excited to be partnering with today's sponsor, helium mobile, because they're doing phone service completely different, I kid you not. Helium has a plan that is dolliterally dollar per month. It gives you 3 gb of data, 100 minutes of calls and lar, 300 text ts, no contract, no credit card. And yes, it actually works. It's absolutely perfect if you're just a light user or you want a cheap second phone line. And with a zero plan, you'll also earcloud points, think like credit card or airline points, but literally just for using your phone, you could redeem those cloud points for gift cards to places like Amazon, apple, target, Starbucks and more, right from the helium mobile app. It's one more way that helium helps you save and earn at the exact same time. They also just launched the sprout plan, made specifically for kids for just $5 per month. Your kid can get their own line, you monitor their usage, and you can even manage how they spend their rewards within the app. And if you need more data, they've got the air plan for just dollar lar, 15a month for $10 gabyyor. The infinity plan at dollar a month for unlimited, still way cheaper than other carriers. So guys, we've left a link down below in the description to try helium mobile today. Just make sure to use the code coffee to get $10 in cloud points, which can be redeemed for gift cards to your favorite brands after $90 days. Once again, guys, there's a link down below in the description. Thank you so much to helium mobile for sponsoring this episode. What we got to stop thinking about is what's good for that person, okay? What's good for that person is to discover the incredible dignity that having it empowered. It's just having an empowered life where I go leave the cave, kill something and drag it home. The thrill of the hunt, the thrill of the the metaphorical kill. The they they have a listless, the chemicals in their body are not doing what they're supposed to be doing because they're not active, they're not engaged. So what they're doing is not good for them. It feels good. They eat too much chocolate cake when you're eating it, but it doesn't end up well for you. And so what's really good for that person, how can we love that person well, and is the way I look at that. And so what if that was my son or my daughter? What would I do? As if I'm a loving father, not a harsh father, not a mean father, but someone who really wants what's best for them. What's best for them is that they engage something, that they get the dignity of hard work, of getting a mental or a physical callous, that they actually get the feeling that we have all had by accomplishing some things, you know? And you don't get that sitting on your couch playing call a duty, you know. And so highest depression rate ever, highest rate ever. The deaths of despair, we call them in the statistical analysis, is the highest ever in the group we're talking about, because it's really a horrible life. And so whatever we've got to do to get them to engage and build a work ethic muscle for their own good is the best thing we can do for them. And sometimes that is what you know, where you let someone suffer the natural consequences of their stupidity or their bad actions. I've done some stupid things in my life, and the natural consequences took me out, you know, knock me to my knees and end up being, you know, okay, next time you learned a duck, next time you learn to not do that thing, don't touch that hot stove, it hurts. Don't sit on your couch and have no money and be hungry. Oh, being hungry would be a good thing that would cause you to get off your couch, you know, and so a little desperation is really good for the soul. It's a great motivator. Now, again, I'm not trying to be harmful. It's an act of love. And people say, well that's tough love. No, it's just real love. Real love is not leaving them alone in there MaaS that doesn't help. They're not being helped. If you really love your kid, you know you make them brush their teeth. So they have some one thing that I found fascinating is that Bill Gates always argues that he should be paying more in tax. What do you think Bill Gates means by that? Why do you think he's saying, ang, Bill Gates is paying more intax than anybody, but he says rate the percentage should be. Didn't he say that on Oprah? He went on Oprah or some sort of Taland. He was like, I need, I should be paying more in tax. I don't have no idea what Bill Gates means, but I do know that 48% last year of Americans paid zero federal income tax. 48%? Yeah, zero. Yep. Top 10% pays something like I think it's like 90 something percent of tax. Yeah, it's a very high amount. So gates actually does not know if he said that he doesn't understand statistics, because the truth is the evil 10%, the top 10%, are paying the vast majority of the federal income taxes. It's already there. I mean, and Trump even took it further because he drastically increased. And now it's indexed for inflation, the standard deduction. And so you've got now you're gonna to have about this year, probably going to about 92% of the people that file an easy return that don't file an atmized return. So they're taking no charitable deductions. They're taking no interest deductions. They're taking no deductions because they take the standard deduction. But you can make I think it's like, I forget what it's gone to, not like 30 or $35000 in standard deductions and have zero tax. And so again, they're not doing anything wrong by paying zero taxes. It's just they're not they're don't any due under the current system. So to say that rich people need to pay their fair share is the most mathematically asinine statement that you could possibly make. What a lot of people do is they look at capital gains and they say, well, Elon Musk's wealth went from $100 billion to 200 billion, and he pays only that amount of tax, but they take into account the value of this company without him actually realizing those gains. But then anytime his company is worth less, they never say he should get a tax refund. They never mentioned that you can't write off those losses, all right? Because they're not realized exactly. They're realized, but they're not recognized in terms of tax code. But Yeah. So and again, that's people just trying to make a case for why they haven't succeeded. If you quit analyzing Elon Musk's personal finances and analyze your own, probably be a good use of your calories. Would you say there are any valid reasons for financial failure in America in 2025? Yeah Yeah. Tragedy comes to someone. I've got two friends right now down to cancer and they're not going to make it. And if they had absolutely zero money and left behind a wife and kids or a husband and kids, Yeah, you could have failure. The twist on the answer would be, is there any reason for permanent financial failure? No, there's not. Unless someone is just completely debilitated or has an extreme disability where they're unable to function. But if you're able to function in the marketplace, you can have a tragedy. And it's a temporary thing. And during that time, they can't do anything. It's very sad and very real. But but you know, is that a permanent? No, that's a snapshot and life's a film strip. And so how many times do we hear of the, I mean, I talked to her lady the other day who went to jail for robbing a bank, and she was in jail for ten years and she lost her kids to, you know, to her you know, family services took him away. She lost everything, her reputation, her confidence, her looks, everything. She comes out of jail. Now, can she start from below ground zero, subterranean, and still, at 32 years old or 34 years old, still go make a life? Absolutely she can. But her biggest problem is like a buddy man who grew up in in a really low income area. He said, you know, getting out of the hood is not as hard as getting the hood out of your head. So her biggest problem, overcoming her mindset and believing and having hope again and seeing a system that she could use from you guys or me that she could use to actually go, and okay, I can go get this job and then I could do that, and then I could take this class and I could do this and I have a career path, and then I could start saving and investing. And you know, mathematically, can someone starting from nothing and no reputation, that's a convicted felon, become prosperous over 30 years in America? Absolutely. But they got to believe they can, and they got to see the system and have access and that. But if you don't, you know, if you can't get out of your own head, then no, you aingot a chance. How do you help people get out of their own head and believe in the system? You got to show them a system that they believe. It's called hope. Bible says hope deferred, though, is hopelessness, makes the heart sick. It's a sickness of heart. But when desire comes, it is the tree of life. And you guys have heard it and seen it on our show and on yours, someone calls here and they say, well, this is my situation. This just this, this is nothing. I'm bankrupt. And like, no, you're not bankrupt. If you sold that and you did that and you move that over there and you quit trying to hold on to that, you're not only not bankrupt, you're gonna to actually come out this with a positive net worth. And then you go from there and here's and they go, you can hear the light bulbs going off on their head, right? And because it changes their perspective, because they were in the middle of the forest and couldn't see the trees. So it wasn't math. It wasn't the systemic problems with the economy that were keeping them down. It wasn't wealth inequality that was keeping them down. It wasn't all that bull crap. It was they couldn't see their way because they were so deep in the forest and all. We did take a chain saw of the sucker, you know, and go, okay, guys, here's what you do. You do this? This because we're on the outside. We're not emotionally in their headspace. I don't have their depression, I don't have their blues, I don't have their dysfunctional daddy in my head, you know, or whatever the crap is going on, right? But if I go, okay, if you do this and they go, Yeah, that would work, and you start to hear them, and you, they're the ones that are gonna to do it. You can hear the ones that aren't gonna to do it too, right? And they go, wow, Yeah, I hathought of that. And you mean, Yeah, I'd have to get rid of that. But and I hate that that I wouldn't want to sell that, but I would to get free, you know to be free and to be able to start again. And and that energy, you feel an energy coming right back up, but that's headspace. That's not math problems, and it's not systemic problems with the economy, and it's not house prices versus affordability indexes or any of that crap. It's belief. How do you feel when you could tell someone's not gonna to follow your advice? Like they just took up the time on the air that we could have used for somebody who was going to and so I end up going yarn hold and you're gone. I will argue with you about three times. And about the third time, you come back at me and like, I'm wasting my time. You called me up to get me to endorse your stupidity, and that's the wrong idea. I'm here to help you get a path, see a plan, see a way going. And if you can't see that, then I'll move on to somebody else. It's like you know like lady had you know Oh, I escalate and she owed like 85, 5000 bucks on the stupid Escalade, you know and and she's like, I can't do this in this. And I'm like, lady, you're broke. You need to sell the escalate. Well, that's a non starter. I'm not doing that. And that was the fourth time I'd gone at that thing. And I just want to move on. I can't help her. She didn't really want to be helped. She wants a magic wand. And we don't have fairy dust here. We have calculators on the topic of shifting mentality. You said you were 63, four, 64. Okay, my dad's 63. And I was out to dinner with him recently. And he said it's only a symptom of the past five or so years. He's been wrestling a little bit more with mortality. It's making him reflect on his life, thinking what he would have done differently. And I think that it's really altering his perspective. He's never mentioned this to me before, but he said it's only like a product of around this age. I'm curious if this is something that that you started thinking about recently. And if so, what does it look like when you're wrestling with mortality? For us, it's not been like regret. I'm not looking back going, Oh, I screwed that up because I did screup a lot of stuff in my life. But I'm not I don't want to go back and do it again. It was, it's just been a good ride. I'm fine. But the going forward is you start counting your days. You go. And so my wife and I have adopted a saying, someone calls us up and wants to do something. We go, why wouldn't I? We we don't say no to a lot. We just go do it. You know, whatever. You know, why wouldn't I? We're going on cruise. All right, let's go. We're flying to Croatia. All right, I'm in. Let's go. And so, whatever or you know you know, she was, we've been learning to play golf together for the last five years and so we're finally getting tolerable at the stupid sport. And what's your best round? 78. 78. Yeah. You're hiring coaches, huh? Oh, all the time. Yeah. Yeah. Lots of coaches. Yeah. Yeah. To get rid of you. Destroy that. Destroy like golf with this body, you have to have coaching. That's that's that's not average. You said my best ever. That's still phenomenal. My best ever, 100. Okay, all well, anyway, so we're learning to play. So anyway, she's playing with these clubs and two or three of her friends are playing with these clubs and they're like, you know, I you know what I said? Well, let's get you get the guy over here and have a professional fit you in a set of clubs and get you some real, much better golf clubs. You can get rid of these Walmart things. And she's like, why wouldn't I? The new LinkedIn hiring pro can't undo your last hire. The lone wolf, who you thought was a good collaborator because you didn't have the right candidate insights. But once you hired them, it was all hoarding info, declining meetings and howling at the full moon. But LinkedIn hiring pro can go deeper than just the resume to find you a perfect fit by using insights from the LinkedIn network to give you a short list of best fit candidates. Hiwrite the first time with LinkedIn hiring pro. Post a free job today at LinkedIn. Com. Slaquality work moves fast. From emails and reports to proposals and updates, you're expected to think clearly, right confidently and get it right the first time. And every message counts. That's where grammarly comes in. It gives you everything you need to think, write and finish in one place or anywhere you type in text. You'll never have to switch tools or tabs. Grammar leaai agents are built for how you work and where you work, so you can find the right words, adjust your tone, and predict how your message might land before you hit send. Your ideas will get a boost while still sounding natural, credible and just the way you want. For nearly 17 years, grammarly has been the standard for responsible AI. It's the premier writing tool that 93% of users trust to get more work done in a world of generic AI. Don't sound like everyone else with grammarly, you never will. Download grammarly for free at grammarly dot com. That's grammarly dot com. You know, it doesn't matter what it costs, it's an irrelevant amount of money in our world today. I'm not bragging, but I mean, what else am I going to spend it on with this many years left? To your point, to your question, and so and I'm 65, so 85, 95. I mean, you know and what part of that is is debilitating health? I'm not able to do stuff. So Hey, we're going to Scotland play golfor 13 days y'want to go. Why wouldn't I? At what point in your life do you think it's healthy to adopt that? Why wouldn't I framework when you can afford it? The the problem is when you're 26 and you're broke and you go, why wouldn't I? It's like, Yeah and you're financing out your ears and then Yeah, that's why you wouldn't. I can tell you why you wouldn't. But in this case, we we have the money. It's an irrelevant amount of money compared to the overall situation as a percentage of net worth or percentage of income. And whatever the thing is, if it's a luxury item or a generosity item we're looking over, we could give that that situation and why wouldn't I? What percentage do you look at where you just say to yourself, it doesn't matter. Is it 1%, 5%? I just we ask ourselves that question, if we take that much money and burn it in the middle of the floor, will our life change? And so if it changes our life, then that's a high percentage of your net worth or too high a percentage of your net worth. You know I'm not talking about gives you indigestion. I'm not talking about makes you sad. That would if you burn money in the middle of floor, either one of those would occur, right? But but the point is that what happens is when you train and struggle and fight and scratch and claw through this thing of building a business and building wealth, sometimes you never learn to let go and be generous to others and to yourself to enjoy some of it. But it's not it's not 80%, not, I'm not putting 80% of my money on something. I'm leaving an inheritance to my children's children. I want, na, that's a biblical thing for me. I want na do that. And so, you know, I want na change my family tree. And I have, assuming I don't do something extremely stupid in the next 20 years, which is, but going on a cruise is not going to do, or, you know, catching a plane to Scotland 's not going to do that, or given a million dollars to someone's not going to do that. I mean, these buildings are worth 650 million. So I'm probably okay, you know, you know, so that kind of thing. So I'm not bragging. I'm just saying you asked, it's a ratio thing for me. Does it does it have I got too much tied up in stupid, you know, in consumption or in generosity to the point that I'm harming the nest egg, that I'm harming the mothership? And that's what I'm always asking myself, because I think as a Christian, I want to be responsible before God for managing his money. And he says, take care of your own household first, or you're worse than an unbelievever son. Take care of my wife. She put up with this stuff for 43 years. I mean, she deserves some golf clubs. Hi. Mean, you know, so you know that kind of thing. So that that's there. And then I want to leave it. And godly man leaves an inheritance for his childchildren. I want to do that. God loves a cheerful giver, so I want to be outrageously generous. So those are the three guiding scriptures that keep me in line. And managing his money in a way that I get to have an incredible life and I get to be a blessing to others too. For Young people today, where do you see the biggest opportunities for them? I think I truly believe this. And I think I've got good basis for the belief that today in the United States of America at this moment, with all the political hoop up this moment in time in our economy as it is structured at this moment, and the way things move at this moment, is the best possible time to be alive in the history of human race. If you want na build wealth, if you want na, if you want na become somebody, if you want na go do something. I've got so many Gen Z on this team. And the thing I have learned about the Gen Z's and millennials, it is that they've grown up with this thing in their hand that answers any question that they want answered instantaneously. They've got information of the entire world in their palm. They can push a button and stuff shows up on your front porch in a few hours. It's the weirdest thing. It's like, I have a magic wand. And what that has done for those of you that have this native, that you've had this your entire you know, adult lives or semi adult lives, you've had this at your access. You can stop, you can get an app to do anything is you have a built in, if you let it function, a built in abundance mentality because this thing says anything's possible, because anything's possible. That's an abundance mentality. And if you will tap into that instead of believing these horrible philosophies that are floating around about, Oh, the economy systemically flowed near screwed and know boomers bought their houses with a basket of strawberries, and then now you can't buy if you don't quit believe ing all that crap and instead go, God, anything's possible. Go do something. It was a lot harder to be Bill Gates or Michael Dale in their garage than it would be today. I mean, you think you start a digital application or something, you can go to market with it for free. Doesn't cost anything. You don't even have to know how to write code. Now a I'll do it. I mean, an idiot like me can write code. Now, I've not written a lot of code in my life, but I can open up chagbt and have a website in a few hours. That's really nice. And and if I don't know how to run a store, I'll put Shopify on there until I learned how to run a store, and it costs me nothing. And all of a sudden my ideas are in the marketplace, and the marketplace can talk back to me and say, your idea sucks. So adjust it, iterate it, and you can iterate it quickly and easily because it's not an analog product. It's a digital product. It's the best time ever to make money. I mean, you could go make money just like I've never seen like this. You know, we actually had to have brick and mortar analog. I had vhs tapes, for God's sakes. I was selling, you know, I Carry books around the trunk of my car. There was no Internet. And God, man, if you could just touch a button, and it goes automatically to a warehouse that I don't own, and they fulfill it for me, and I make us, and my book goes out there. And and, Oh, by the way, I wrote that book in about a fourth the time. And if you actually want to go crazy, a, I'll probably do your audio version and itsound just like you. The last book I did, we almost used AI to do the audio book because it sounded, it was, it was about 94% perfect. Wow. And we decided the edit to clean up the other 6% was too much. It was easier for me to sit down, do the 16 hours to record it. But dude, that's probably the last one I'll ever record. The next audio book that Dave Ramsey does will probably sound a lot like Dave Ramsey. So evkevin o'Leary said that he went to Dubai and they did a whole AI imaging of him. He said a few phrases. They got a few hours of him, but now they could edit in real time any advertisement of him without him ever being involved in it. They just type in the script, which is a little scary. But the point is, it's huge opportunity. You don't even need AI to do it. You don't need to sit any digital to do it, but you've got ease to market. You know if you old Econ class was, what are the barriers? It's it's how difficult it is to get to market. How trapped is that market? How hard is it to PaaS the test to become one of those you know ease of entry. It's easy to become a real estate agent. It's hard to become a securities so salperson, because you've got to PaaS a series six, series 763, which is a lot like cpa exam, real estate test I took in 27 minutes. So I mean, it's ease of entry. But in general, can I what's it take to suddenly just take my idea out there? So to sit and do nothing at the best opportunity in the history of mankind is such a, is so sad and such a freaking waste. I'm so excited for euroel's generation and what's going to happen, what's going to happen to Ramsay when I'm gone. And the stuff that these that the people in this building are working on right now is mind blowing. And it's just, man, the scale can get hockey stick up into the right. I'm just it's a good time to be alive. So for those that aren't capitalizing on the amount of opportunity around them, what is the primary obstacle that's preventing them from doing that? That headspace belief, it's just belief that if they they plant the seeds, the corn will grow exactly. And if you don't plant seeds 100% of the time, corn will not grow. That's the problem. And so sometimes when you plant seeds, there's not a lot of rain and it sun's too hot and you don't get a good crop. Sometimes when you plant seeds, God brings the rain and the sun and it's perfect, and you get a bumper crop. You don't control the sun and the rain, but you do control whether or not you plant. And 100% of the time you're planting, you're gonna na get some kind of a yield on that. And you may learn something that next year you plant differently, you iterate and you change the product line. I mean, the number of things we do today at Ramsey tactically to deliver goods and services to the customer that we did ten years ago is really close to zero. Of course, you've got to iterate and change how you're doing it and what you're doing and the way it looks and the way it feels and the way the way the book business is versus when I did my first book, when I did the first book and I was on the today show, people actually watched the today show back then. It was crazy. And there were these things called bookstores, and they had books in them, and people went there and and I would have a thousand people in a line to do a book signing. I can't even imagine that happening today. No chance that would happen today. And so I don't think there's anybody that famous, hardly that thatbe. Maybe maybe Taylor Swift, okay. But I mean, who's going to to go to Barnes and freaking noble and stand in line? Everybody got their coffee to get a book signed by somebody you think something good about. Okay, doesn't happen much. If I did a book signing today, therebe 14 people there, I mean, it just wouldn't come. I disagree. I bet you would get a thousand people shot. I don't. I really don't. I mean, because, Hey, well, it just does. It's not the way people are consuming the product anymore. It's shifted. And so to continue to do it the same way and not iterate and follow where people are is a thing. So friend of mine does a reality show. I was talking to him yesterday, and it was very successful ten years ago. And they took it off and they quit and they retired. Another trying to come back with version 2.0. Okay. And but when they did it before, it was on cable. And I was talking to him yesterday, he said, you know how many people I have cable? I said, no. He said, nobody. He goes, it's a problem. He said, we suddenly woke up and realized we put out a reality show on cable and expected somebody to watch it. It's hilarious. Nobody's watching it. He goes, we've got to reboot this thing. And we're we got to get Hulu. We got to get YouTube tv. You know he said, I've got to, I'm doing a distribution deal for the fall. I've got to reset all these episodes we've done and send them out again and try to restart this thing again. Otherwise we're gonna say I've close up the tin on it. But but Yeah, he's like the marketplace moved and we acted like it didn't and so we're sitting here with nothing. It's not working. So Yeah, you got you got to follow around what's happening. So if you take a person that's struggling with their finances in their current situation right now, I feel like back in the day, the advice would have been, okay, we'll start cutting back a little bit on your expenses, start saving a little bit more money. Whereas now if you're reiterating your strategy, seems as though the best solution would be to try to take on some more work or be more creative and making more money. So what would you say to a person that's struggling right now in 2:25? Should they lean more into cutting their finances or should they lean more into trying to expand on their income? Oh, the answer is the same as it was 30 years ago. Both Yeah in the old days, we would just say go deliver pizzas, which now is DoorDash or whatever, right? But but we say go you know go to Papa John's theyhire you if you can breathe and you bathed and maybe bathed and you know and you can deliver pizza, right? And and when you go to the front door and people ask how you're doing, say, better than I deserve, because that way they might know that you're listening to this show. That's why you're working an extra job, theygive you extra tip. And so use the code and so get your income up. Yeah and cut your expenses and the same thintoday to get your income up. Cut your expenses. The difference is that if you are a teacher, there's no reason you should do doordx. You should do online tutoring at 50 bucks an hour and you can set it up in about 45 minutes. And there's no, if you wanna get your income up, I mean, it's just if you've got a PhD in something you know on to online classes, you can make seriously good money as your side hustle, you know and so you've got, again, the world that we live in today just gives you so much ease of entry into things. You you don't have to get in your Chevy chaveet and deliver a Papa John's is a lot of stuff you can do to get your income up temporarily with an unreasonable number of hours and you know an unhealthy work life balance temporarily because you have an unhealthy freaking mess you created and you've got to dig out of it. And so Yeah, and you got to sell the car. That's 50% of your dad gum income. And so and you got to not go on vacation and you don't need to see the inside of a restaurant unless you're working there until you get this stuff straightened out. So Yeah, you got to do both. You got to get your income up and you're out. Go down and that's called margin. And the more extreme you do that, the more margin you'll have and the the less time you'll spend in hell, the faster you'll get out. So I recommend ripping the band date ID off. I mean like make your broke friends, think you've joined a cold T, I mean go bananas for a short period of time. That intensity gets you out so much faster than trying to wander out. Let's say you seize control of a person's life that's not doing great financially. They're a little confused, a little lost. Maybe let's just say they're 25 years old. This is not supposed to be me. I'm 26, for the record, not this is someone else. And they're not pleased with where they're at. What exactly would you do? Would you be like, okay, get a job, work 80 hours, find a girlfriend. You wanna make your wife, you know, find a local church, what would be like the actual directional things that you would you would tell them to do? My friend Henry Cloud is writing a book right this second on a concept he's taught for years called figure out what your desired future is and then reverse engineer out of your desired future. This is where I want na be, and this is where I am. Then if where I am is not where I want to be, what must be that's not now for me to get there? And so that will lead you then to the tactical things that you're pointing to once you solve that, what must be for me to be the ten year old, the ten year from now version of me to be have you know, have this net worth, have a career that looks like this, a spiritual walk that looks like this, a physical condition that looks like this, a relationship with good friends, high quality relationships, and possibly even one of those being your life mate, your partner, your wife, you know what what does my, what does the perfect version of ten years from now look like? And then reverse engineer what must be to get there. And so if I want a robust spiritual walk, Yeah thatbe involved in, you know if you're Jewish, youhead off to the synagogue. If you're Christian, youhead off to a good church or if you're not anything head off to a good church. It figure red out, right? And before warns there are people in those churches that aren't perfect, but that's why they're there too. So but either way, you can learn things there. Oh, and watch who you hang around with because you're gonna to become who you hang around with, you know? And so if all your friends are sitting in doom scrolling all day long and don't have any ambition, and all they do is smoke pot and doom scroll, you can pretty well be assured that ten years from now you're going to look just like who you hang around with. Be not deceived, evil company grorupts good habits, you will become who you hang around with. All the data shows that, tons of research, it shows that not only your physical condition, the words you use, the books you read, the movies you like, it, you know, you become who your crew is. And so pick them carefully. What are the biggest problems you see today with men when it comes to work, life, money and family? A fun little story here, but when Jack and I started the ice coffee hour, we had to figure out everything ourselves, from the best audio equipment to use, the best cameras, had to book guests. It was a challenge. Every day was a unique experience that we had to figure out ourselves. That's why if you're starting your own business, you know just how relevant today's sponsor is, and that would be Shopify. Shopify is basically your own one business partner. They power millions of business worldwide, from major brands like Mattel and Jim shark to entrepreneurs. Just getting started. And here's a fun fact. If you shopped online in the us, there's a really good chance it was through Shopify because they power about 10% of all American e -commerce. Plus, what's great about Shopify is that you get access to a complete design studio with hundreds of ready to use templates to build a beautiful online store that perfectly matches your brand and there's no coding needed. Not to mention their AI tools even help you write product descriptions or enhance your product photos. Shopify also makes marketing extremely easy with simple email and social campaigns to reach customers wherever they're scrolling. Plus, they handle literally everything from inventory to shipping to returns, basically all of the complicated stuff you do not want to deal with. If you're ready to sell, you are ready for Shopify. Turn your big business ideas into. So sign up for the $1 per month trial at Shopify dot com slash iclowercase. Guys, it is just $1 per month. If you have a business idea, you want to turn it into a real thing. Shopify, the best way of doing it, and it only costs $1 per month. With a link down below in description or Shopify com slash icall lowercase. Thank you so much, Shopify, for sponsoring this episode. The something that comes up often on the podcast is the emphasis on diversification. And a lot of people right now are diversifying into gold and silver. And with everything going on in the economy, it makes sense. Why? Like the dollar is already down 9% this year. Will gold is up 25%. That is a major shift in purchasing power, and it might not feel like it right now, but it certainly adds up over time. Plus, with potential rate cuts on the horizon, hard assets like gold and silver have historically done really well in that environment. So if you're holding too much in cash, you could be missing on some upside. Today day's sponsor, noble gold investments, helps people explore different options. You could roll over part of your 400 1K or ira into physical gold or silver or make it direct purchase. Either way, it's a strategic method to hedge outside of the stock market. Their focus is on education, not pressure. You get a dedicated specialist upfront pricing and clear answers to your questions from a us based team. And they offer a guaranteed buyback program, so you have flexibility in the event you want to sell down the line. So if you've been thinking about protecting your wealth with some real assets, now could be a great time to learn some more before any potential rate change hit. Head the noblegold dinvestments com slash iced to get started today or schedule a free consultation again, that is noblgold investments com slash iced. Or you can also click the link down below in the description. Thank you so much. And now let's get back to the podcast. What are the biggest problems you see today with men when it comes to work, life, money and family? Men have been devalued and trivialized and been the villain or the clown of everything for. Good 20 years. You don't see a tv commercial where the dad is the hero, he's an idiot, or a sitcom or the dad is the hero, he's an idiot. The twelve year old is the smart one, and they smart off through the whole script and they're the brilliant one, you know, and the but the dad's adufus, and the mother rolls her eyes at the dufus that she picked as a life partner. And if you do that to any segment of the economy long enough, eventually they begin to believe it. And so we have 7.2 million men that are able bodied, able minded, that are not engaged in the workplace right now. They're doing nothing, is sitting because the entire culture has said, you're a dufus, you're a buffoon, you're valueless manhood, masculinity, toxic by its very nature. And so you're of no value. And the problem is it's destroying not only economics, but social fabric as well, because we do know the data on kids, particularly daughters, the cues they take from their dad are devaststatingly impactful, good or bad. And so an engaged dad who builds confidence and gives their daughter hugs growing up until she leaves home, and even after she leaves home, builds a confident daughter, a daughter that is not sexually promiscuous, a daughter that finishes college, a daughter that will not be victimized in the marketplace that comes from their dads. The data shows that. And so when the dad is not engaged, it's horrible for the social fabric does it? Messes with sons too, but it's a different thing. The father wound on the son on sons is different. But and it's very real. But the economically speaking, what we're doing is we've got 7.2 meof. These guys doing nothing, zero. They're being supported by a disability check and they're not disabled, but they signed up and claimdisability. They're being supported by their girlfriend, their mother. They're being supported by something else. They are not generating an income in the marketplace. And so their personal dignity has just eroded. And to get those people back, reengaged. If we open up a whole bunch of factories in America, because manufacturing comes back to America with this Trump stuff, I don't know who's going to be in there working. I don't think those guys want to go back in there. I think they have gotten pretty comfortable sitting on their couch and lost hope. And so we've got to say, okay, being male is not evil. Being male is not necessarily holy earth either, but it's not evil. And it is different than being female. And it is a thing. And and ladies can produce wonderful creative things and wonderful incomes in the economy. And so Ken, gentlemen, and so you know, let's go be gentlemen and ladies, and let's go do the best things we can for our society, for our culture, our community and each other, and get reengaged and quit telling everybody that the worst possible thing you could be is a you know, a White guy. You know, it's like the worst, like the worst human on the planet in America. It's the only one in America that no one takes up for. So what do you think those people need to hear to make a change today? If you, in terms of owning themselves and making a change in the work for us, not and in their life, it is a, you know, it's a destiny thing and it's, you do have the power, you do have the power to do things. You do have the ability to just stand up and decide, I'm in business. You can just decide, I'm gonna to do these things. And all of a sudden you are. I mean, and it's an empowerment idea or message is called hope. And you know, I think where we lost connection was that if I do all the right things, I'm not going to get the result. If I plant the corn, I'm not going to get corn. I'm gonna to get poison. Poison's going to grow. Night shade 's going to grow out of the ground. If I plant corn. Somehow we got this disconnect and we got to go back to believing the cause and effect of hard work, cause and effect of generosity, the cause and effect of kindness and compassion, the cause and effect of having good quality relationships, that there's a tie in, that these things are not compartmentalized, that they are all, there's a holistic view to all this. So you start to understand, okay, building a net worth of a million or $2 million is not compartmentalized. The tie in is that we found 83% of them have an onboard spouse that works as their teammate. My name is MacKenzie, and I started to go fund me for the adoptive mother of a non verbal autistic child. The mother had lost her job because she wasn't able to find adequate care for this autistic child, so she really needed some help with living expenses, paying some back bills. So I launched a GoFundMe to help support them during this crisis, and we raised about $10000 within just a couple of months. I think that the surprising thing was by telling a clear story and just like really being very clear about what we needed, we had some really generous donations from people who were really moved by the situation that this family was struggling with. GoFundMe is the world's number one fundraising platform, trusted by over 200 million people. Start your GoFundMe today at GoFundMe. Com. That's GoFundMe. Com. GoFundMe. Com this podcast is supported by GoFundMe. After an accident, the clock starts ticking, evidence fades, witnesses forget, and insurance companies start building their case, hoping you'll give up. They're not on your side, but Dale gmes is named northern California Super Lawyer 2026 and Sacramento's best defense attorney in 2025. Dale fights insurance companies so you don't have to. It starts with a free call, no cost, no obligation. If insurance is pushing you around, it's time to push back. Call now or visit dalgomeslaw dot com. That's not a disconnect. That is causal. That that's not simply correlation and versus if you interview the general public, you know 40% say their spouse and then we're on the same page, but they're not obviously not winning in these areas and that you know so when you start to believe in the cause and effect, then you go, okay, it's really important that you and I get on the same page, darling, and that we are pulling this wagon together instead of a part. And what questions do you ask or what questions should someone ask their spouse to make sure you're on the same page? Let's start talking about that desired future and be an agreement on that. If we got our desired future laid out in hd high definition or we can see the sweat beads on it, we can see the hair color on it, we know exactly what winning looks like, itchange. But for today, we're in agreement that that's where we want to go. Then we can start reverse engineering together. What sacrifices have we got to make? What must be that's not today? What price do we have to pay to get there when we start this business? I had just gone broke a couple years before. We had nothing. I made $130000 flipping real estate the year I started this, and it was three years after I'd gone bankrupt. And I really wasn't flipping it. I was just tying it up and selling the position, selling the conics. And I did the numbers. And I said, Shwe would sat down and looked at it. And she said, this stuff, whether you're teaching at church, this financial piece stuff, this is really helping people and you, we need to talk about it. Okay, so we're praying about it. I'm like, okay, I think God has telling us to go just do that and not do real say anymore. But if we do best, I can figure selling a few books and a few speeches and you know having a little class, I might might make 62000. Here's the numbers. Here's how I get there, which is half of what I hate. The year before, I got little babies and a wife who's just gone through a bankruptcy, and we're looking at this, and she and I said, do you think we ought to do that? And she said, I think we're supposed to do that. I said, you really think we're supposed to take a pay cut in half? This is the weirdest, stupid conversation. She says, not a pay cut in half. It's a step. It's what it's what we must do to get to where. And she said, can you imagine how many people are in debt if we helped a few million of them? How much that 62000 would change? And we talked about him. We said, okay, you know what this means? It means I got 16 hour days for the next two years. You're going to be a single mom who's just gone through bankruptcy. I'll be here. But but aain't going to be here. I mean, I'm going to be on the road talking books. I'm going to be talking radio stations to get them put me on. I'm gonna to be in a ballroom speaking somewhere. I'm gonna to be at the back table selling books. I'm gonna na be at the office until 11:00 at night counseling somebody who's broke. I mean, that's what this means. And she's like, Yeah, but let's give it two years and see what it does and for two years or 16 hour a ays. But so what do you do? What why am I bringing that out? Not to brag, but obviously it worked out okay. No kidding. Life's good, right? But the we laid out the desired future where we want to be ten years from now. But here's the price that must be paid to get there and only then together could we do that. If she had been at home going, you know, we need work like balance, you know, I'm here with these kids all day long by myself, you know, and why are we doing financial peace? My butt. You know that if that had been the routine, which shenever said a single word like that at all, to her credit, I mean, she's a freaking warrior. And she sent me out the door with lashes on my back. Get out there, you know? And so, quite the opposite. So but if you if we weren't joined at the hip on this, if we weren't aligned on the price that must be paid to get to the desired future, we couldn't have done it. I couldn't have done it. And so people say, well, what about Sharon Ramsey? Sharon Ramsey, the hero of the story, the whole story. Because I unlike most of the people that I know, I have not had to deal with a high maintenance spouse who's always driving the train off the tracks the whole time. I'm over here trying to work instead. It was quite the opposite. It's like we're pulling together. We're pulling together. And anyone that says or does anything about this place, you don't want her in your life. Now, what would you do if she were not as supportive? And what would you do in the case? We have to talk about it until we got aligned to where we both are in agreement. We both have to believe that the price were paying. And if we don't, we can't do it. And so we have a saying in our house today is when in doubt, we don't. So like if we have we had a generosity thing, a substantial one, come across our plate the other day that we were looking at. We met with the people and I'm like, Yeah, this looks great, I think. And she's like, I don't know. I just, I don't know something wrong in here air. I just can't, I can't tell what it is, but I don't feel right about it. I call the guy up and I go, we're not we're not in right now. We're not gonna be able to help right now. Did we do something wrong? No, you didn't do anything wrong at all. It's just Sharon and I have to be a line because it's too much money for us to not, I mean, it's 100 bucks, dude. You know, Yeah, she grpes at me about overtipping all the time, but that's tough. Deal with that. But I'm talking but I'm talking about on major decisions, we need to be aligned or when in doubt, don't I mean, we don't I don't come home and I don't buy a car and come home and go look what I did. And I can afford to buy whatever car I want. It's not. But we just we talk about stuff like that before we do that. We certainly don't buy a property. The property I was talking about early in this conversation, she was in the truck. When I'm sitting on the thing, we drove up on the piece of land. I'm sitting there looking at the traffic, looking at the thing. I'm like, okay, what do you think? She goes, Oh, this is good. We're doing this. But if I had bought that thing and she was not aligned, all I would, I would hear about it forever or vice versa, right? If she was trying to get me to do it and I didn't want to do it and it wouldn't work. It doesn't work when you're not pulling together. When did you go from feeling rich to actually being rich? I don't even know what that means. Let's let's say like like going through this bankruptcy at that Young age, obviously that's gonna to be, it's gonna to create some scars that are gonna to take a while to heal. Defining scars. Yeah when would you say you finally felt rich after that? Because you could get rich and be rich, but you may not feel rich after such a traumatic event of filing for bankruptcy at that Young age. So when did you actually feel wealthy? Well, we did end up making 62000 that year, exactly 6010. Yeah we actually hit it. The projections were devastatingly accurate. And the the following year were made 104, and the following year I made 250. And then I did a book deal that was sweet and took off somewhere along in those years, in those early years, right there, I remember Sharon, we went to the grocery store and we had envelopes with our grocery money in it. And I said, you know what? Let's do something different. And we go to the grocery store. I want you to go in the grocery store and we've got the money. I want you to buy everything you want. And she filled up a whole buggy with stuck without. I said, don't look at the price. If you see something you want in the grocery store, let's just get it. And obviously, it was not a huge amount of money, but it was, it felt like we were okay for the first time. You know, it felt like we we can buy anything in this grocery store, and we're okay. We're okay. It felt okay. That sounds silly, but it's a, it actually happened. And she tells that story occasionally still to some of our friends. Shelike, I remember that time we went to the store and and it wasn't like we went to something in New York and she bought a purse, a coach purse, which she has done to, but that there's nothing like that that stuff is that stuff here by then. It's like, man, whatever and just stuff. But but Yeah going to the grocery store when we had been worried about feeding our family and the lights and water had been cut off at the house when we went broke, I mean, and just like a handful of years later, here we are and we can go into that same grocery store where we were counting coupons and doing every little thing and we could just buy a basket of groceries, anything we wanted. It felt like we were okay. And then you go through other stages emotionally at different net worth, ths and different incomes where you start to go. I mean, I remember buying a car when it became irrelevant. That was a weird moment. You know it's like, whatever, I wanted to buy it, buy it. And it's not it's not a relevant number, you know and to me, I'm a redneck kid, buying a car or buying a good big old truck or something is like, that's a thing, you know? And so, but it's like that grocery buggy. It was irrelevant, but it was relevant. Are there different tiers to wealth that you've noticed for doors have opened up at seven figures, eight figures, nine figures. And what are they? Definitely. I don't know that it's a certaintier, but when you reach the point, I always call it the the Pinnacle Point where you pedal and pedal and pedal and pedal and pedal to get to the top of the hill. And finally you're there and you're in Tennessee. That means you can get down the hill. And what that is mathematically for me, and I've taught people this, and I've had a lot of positive affirmation that this is accurate. When you get enough money that your money makes more than you make. That's an interesting point. When your investments generate more dollars than you generate, meaning that if you didn't work, yoube more than fine, right? When you're when you're you know, when you get a say, you get $2 million and you got it in mutual funds and you say, okay, I could pull I could pull 150 off of that a year and not touch it. It still grow and I'd be just fine. And you you know, you've been living on 100 and you've been making 100 and you get to that point, well, that's a that's an emotional point in the person's life. And I think that's different for different people that come at it from different angles, different backgrounds, different things. I mean, you come from another country where you were in poverty, and you come here and the great American dream is in front of you, and you grow. Probably doesn't take as much to have those emotional moments as it might some kid who started middle class and goes to a good school and comes out with a four year degree. And it probably takes that person a little more to have that same exact feeling than it does someone else. But either way, you get to the point where the money, these are different to me, different flash points, where the money becomes the things the money is doing becomes less and less relevant because there's enough of it, whatever the investment is. And it's it's a spiritual thing almost, an emotional thing almost, but it's certainly a mathematical thing. Is there any tier to money that you have not yet accessed? We hear about like the fu money is what people say like Rogan has that. Rogan says he has that. Is there any sort of tier that you have yet to eclipse and you're looking to or is it Yeah, same you know, I Joe certainly has done that. Congratulations, Joe. The and I don't think that's an amount of money. I think that's an attitude you want to get to the point that you're I think what he's saying is you're not dependent on someone else. I don't have to have your approval or affirmation, whoever you are, anyone. I've got enough that I can function without. If that network wants to throw me off, if that thing wants to cancel me, we'll screw you. You know, you're and you're fine. And we're certainly at that point here too. But I don't really approach it like who can I flip off? It's more I'm approaching it like who can I serve? Because I get a lot more personal satisfaction out of service than I do flipping off, although I'm willing to do both. Okay, well, I think we got to wrap up here, but I have one last question. So we recently had a conversation with Charlie Kirk, and everyone loved this part of the podcast. I gotta ask you, is it ever acceptable for a girl to pay on the first date. Or should a guy always pay on the first date? You know, I again, I don't care. It doesn't matter to me. It doesn't bother me either way. I grew the Ramsay women that grew up in my house. My daughters are massively competent and competent, and they would not be freaked out one way or the other. They wouldn't bother them one way or the other, which is really what I would want for them. But what I did find out is I've got two absolutely incredible sons of all. Both of them are just studs. And I used to say I hit the sun in law lottery, and I quit saying that I didn't hit the sun in law lottery. We taught those girls how to pick, and we ran off some losers and explained to him why they were leaving. You can't. You're you're done. You're done. You just move on. And you would encourage that. Oh, no, I did it. I said, you're done. And up until what age? Oh, well, they were in high school. But I mean, teaching these girls, what do you want in a husband? Don't date somebody. How do they obey you though? I feel like in high school, a choice. They live in my house and eat my food. Wouldn't that make them better at like sneaking off? It could. It could. But basically, we not only ran them off, we told them why okay, you know we told why this guy got this is the trajectory this guy's on. Did you know that? Well, when you're talking to him, you can see I mean he's he's smoking a lot of pot. He's not gonna make it, you know it's not not gonna work out. And so never seen a successful pot ad. I've known a bunch of him, but I've never seen one. And so except that smoking pot. And so, you know, no, you're not going out, Bobby. Bobby's a pothead. So three weeks later, Bobby ran his car in the ditch and would have hurt my daughter, would have been sitting there, you know and that story that happened. And so everybody's pissed. Bobbiy's mother's piss. My wife was a little pissed. My daughter was certainly pissed. But Bobby ain't coming. We're done. Anyway, we went through all that thing to say, where are you now, bothat's? Where where is Bobby now? But a millionaire. I changed his name. That's not I changed his name. That's not his name. Yeah, he's he made all his money in cannabis. But but anyway, what character qualities do you want? Imprints charming, because that's going to be your husband and you're gonna to spend a long time with them. Who do you want in a man? What are you looking for? And I think our daughters would tell you that they would want A A relationship where they had a vote, where they could bring their competency to the table. And you know we've got a partnership here. It's not the man telling the woman what to do because that don't fly with my kids, I can tell you that don't fly with their mother either. So we're gonna to have a partnership. You're gonna to trust my competency and I'm gonna to trust yours and then we're going to join together and we're gonna to serve each other. Now what how does that what does that say about who pays for the first day money on the first date? Probably says the guy is because he's probably wanting to serve this princess. This is his queen. He wants to serve her. He wants to love her well, he wants to do something for her. But it's not an obligation. It's a it comes out of his character probably, but if he doesn't, it probably doesn't disqualify him. I wouldn't run a guy off because he didn't pay for the first AI wouldn't have done that. But I wouldn't run him off for character qualities, their you know, lack of integrity and you know, you have a known reputation. And Yeah, we're don't we're not we're not trying to trying to use our daughters to fix the world. That's not what we're doing now. Well, Dave, it is always an honor to have you on this show. So it's such a great time. I love the maximal personal responsibility theme, one of my favorite things. I love it. I absolutely love it. So thanks for that. Thanks, guys. Valuable. Thank you for watching. Thank you to the team helping produce this. Thanks on this time. Thank you. Working across teams is tough, but asana helps you handle it. Asana AI can spot roadblocks and assign work to keep everything on track. That's how work gets handled. Visit us at asana. Com.
