---
ticker: NET
type: podcast_transcript
title: "431: Net Worth Of $3.9M - From Pizza Delivery to Wrangler Jeans & Louis Vuitton Shoes — The CFP Living Tax-Free in Puerto Rico"
podcast: ""
date: 2025-11-03
audio_url: https://pdst.fm/e/pscrb.fm/rss/p/traffic.libsyn.com/secure/millionairesunveiled/431_-_Mike.mp3_-_2.mp3?dest-id=602409
language: auto
chars: 39231
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# 431: Net Worth Of $3.9M - From Pizza Delivery to Wrangler Jeans & Louis Vuitton Shoes — The CFP Living Tax-Free in Puerto Rico

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2025-11-03

---

## Transcript

We have goals to actually spend our money during in our life. We want to touch all seven continents with significant amount of time, not just like being in Antarctica for like twelve hours. We want to be there. We want to see as much of Europe and Africa as we can. We've already been to five countries in South America. So we we want to travel and go spend our money and welcome millionaires and future millionaires. You're listening to the millionaires unveiled podcast, the show where you'll hear the stories and interviews of everyday millionaires will unveil their decisions, their strategies and their portfolio allocation cations. Nadier host Jace matenson. Welcome back to another episode of the millionvilpodcast. This is episode number 431. This is the podcast where everyday millionaires spill the beans on their stacks of Green. We're your host, Jason Stacy, ready to bring you the enscript Ted es of wealth, warts and all. Because who needs a script when you're rolling and dough? Join us as we dive into the net worth and asset allocations of regular folks. Turn financial titans. It's like cribs, but with fewer gold plated toilets and more practical advice. We promise the only rare edits are to be kid friendly, so you won't hear any naughty language, just lots of chching and maybe a sprinkle of doreme. So buckle up, tighten those purse strings and get ready to laugh and learn with millionaires unveiled. Got a great episode today for you. But before we get into that, if youlike to be on the show, send us an email, millionaires and viled that gcom, we're always looking for new, great, entertaining guests willing to share their stories. Pretty soon, we're going to have to start calling out some more professions. I feel like we almost had a professional athlete on. We definitely need to get one on soon, especially on the heels of the most amazing World Series I've ever witnessed it. I think I'm not a huge baseball fan. I really get into it kind of around the playoffs and World Series, but man, this one had me on the edge of my seat almost every single pitch. So crazy, crazy, crazy finish. So would be cool to have a professional athlete on. We've got, you know, this is kind of the the time of the year where all the major sports, at least in North America, I know soccer is big, huge internationally, but not professionally, at least not quite as big in North America, but between hockey, basketball, baseball and football, we kind of had a convergence there for a couple weeks, the last couple weeks here of all the sports having games and stuff. So it would be fun to have a professional athlete, tennis, soccer, football, basketball, anything, be awesome. But we almost had one on the hockey front, been going back and forth. Hopefully we can still maybe get him. But at any rate, there are plenty of other professions out there. I know that we have not quite had as many guests on or as many guests as probably we would have expected today. We have one of those. We have a cfp. I think we've only had one, maybe two others on the show previously, and this one's pretty unique. He's is kind of an expat living in Puerto Rico. I know that's not quite expat territory, but for some tax reasons, ons, tax purposes and some things that he does and we'll get into into his strategy there. And Yeah kind of got a crazy story. You know he started out upring. That's kind of why I brought up the baseball a little bit, but also was a pizza delivery guy and had a divorce in his 30. So you know became a millionaire, then lost it, split it, etc. And now is built a backup. So he's got net worth of 3.9. I'm sure a lot of people will resonate with some of the things that he's gone through and possibly even some of the decisions that he's made as of more recently to kind of structure his retirement and you know kind of make some efforts and some some things in his you know with his goals and his planning around spending down his wealth and enjoying it with the things that they enjoy and talks about the five pillars of that. So without any further delay, let's go rithe show with Mike. Mike, do you want to just give us about your background? I watch up to you now. Yeah. Mike milliant, certified financial planner. I'm I own a company called one oak financial. It's a Nationwide Financial Services company that we build one of a kind financial plans for your one of kind life. Matter of fact, I wrote the book on it on Amazon. You could find my work of literary masterpiece called the one of a kind financial plan. It's it walks through the biggest expense you'll ever have in your life, how to reduce the fear and anxiety of actually retiring, how to control the expenses and the risk of investments the right way, how to deal with the end of the life and long term care, and then ultimately, how to leave the ultimate I love you letter. We call that the one meckind financial plan. It's it's really coming off the shelves or I guess, ending up in boxes. Now it's not really coming off the bookshelf anymore. It comes in boxes all across America and those little Brown boxes from Amazon. I thank you, Jeff Bezos, for wanting to create the best Book Company in the world. You're you're helping make me a little bit wealthier, man. But ultimately, that book is not about me. It's about the end reader because I build it to to really unpack like what a fiduciary really is. I let people inside of like what corporate Wall Street is because I used to work there you know a little bit SiOF like profit first companies and how they can actually beat and navigate that. And ultimately, you know it's a do it yourself book. You could read that book and actually build a plan for yourself. But ultimately you're gonna na want na pick and choose a good advisor that focuses on taxes because that's the biggest expension ever have in your life. And there there are ways to control that expense. And so you know I'm up to that. And I'm you know I've been doing it for 30 years. When you include my academic, I have a podcast ideas by my guy. I'm in the process of writing a second and a third book now called what's called retirement deja vu, what's called retirement. She how to build a vision for retirement. I was just on cnbc last week. I'm going to be on Fox Business in a couple weeks. We're just out here living life, trying to be one of a kind, which is my life motto. That's awesome. And I can't wait to get into the details about your career and you know, 30 years in the finance planning space. You've got to have some unique perspectives on some things. But before we do, what's your network today? Conservatively, it's 3.9 million nice. And how is that broken up? So a little more than a third is real estate. We own our commercial building where our headquarters is in North Virginia. My wife and I own real estate, personal real estate where we live in both Norfolk, Virginia and San Juan, Puerto Rico. And then so real estate, the we value our business at two times. Hebta, which is really in a financial services space, is really conservative. I mean, it's really companies right now are selling it three and a half or four times, but that's we only value it two times because we think there's going to be a tsunami in the future of people selling these businesses because most financial planners are old. So we're being very conservative there. We have we have retirement accounts of just under a million dollars. 90% of that's in Roth, by the way. And then and then we have cash and we have we have a couple of private private placement deals that we've invested 100000 each in. And then and then we have a little bit of crypto. So very, very, very small amount of crypto is 2% of our total portfolio. But that for me, that's a hedge. So that's how we're made up. And we have we have some goals that they're not number goals like we're not my wife and I are not looking to get to like $10 million or 12 million or 100 million. We have we have goals to actually spend our money during in our life. We want to touch all seven continents with significant amount of time, not just like being in Antarctica for like twelve hours. We want to we want to be there. We want to see as much of Europe and Africa as we can. We've already been to five countries in South America. So we we want to travel and go spend our money and live. I mean, and I say it all the time, I mean, like our company, one oak financial, that's part of our assets that stands for one of a kind. It doesn't stand. It's not some tree like in your backyard. It stands for one of a kind. We want to live one of a kind. And so we we actually we actually kind of live what what we preach in our business and how we build our net worth. That's cool. I wanna I wanna get into a couple things. So let's start probably on on the on the Roth first. You've got a good chunk that invested in in the Roth. Talk to us about how that's kind of come about. And and maybe if you don't mind, kind of give our listeners kind of the age range so they can kind of give some context around how you've built that Roth up. So I just turned 49 this year, and when I was you know my early years of working in Wall Street, I used the 401K. I used prere tax and so built some money up there. And those accounts actually went through a divorce right at the end of my thirties. So I lost a decent chunk of that then. And so we've been building up and now like I contribute as as owning our company, right? We have a retirement plan where we can contribute into we're often think we currently are Puerto Rico residents, so I no longer can contribute to retirement plans in the United States, but I do conversions. And so my job is, or my path is to have all of our ira dollars into Roth through conversions. I got three more years to go. And so now I mean, I'm paying conversions at lower rates because most of my income is taxed in Puerto Rico. It's not taxed in the United States. So I'm I'm paying the conversion at a 22% bracket right now on the federal side. But to me, again, I'm 49, I'm probably not going to need the money for 20 years. I'd rather have I'd rather have a compounding and growing over the next 20 years where I pay no tax in the future because I mean I feel like taxes are going to be higher you know 20 years from now than they are now. So like I'm I'm trying to get to to a space where not only is my investment portfolio growing by being highly diversified and things that I can control, but I'm also trying to get out of the tax code as much as possible. So you glossed over a huge concept that I wanna go back to. And you and I have this conversation and it's not a big deal, but I know for some of our listeners, it may be. So talk to us a little bit about when you talk about the conversions tax implications, you're doing that now. Most people probably don't hear about, Oh, potential conversions, still their you know retirement age. Walk us through strategically, how that's benefiting you and if you don't mind. Can you tell us when you started contributing? Was that when you first got your first job, you started contributing to the traditional retirement accounts? So Yeah, my first job was in 1999. Roths were just established in 1996. So like Roth, 401 ks really didn't become a thing until 2006. So I started contributing pretax in 1999. I didn't not I didn't start my first Roth ira until 2004. Limit was like $2000 that you could put into it at time. A Roth ira is is a, it's something that everybody wants but everybody doesn't understand, right? Because a Roth ira is there's two ways to get money into a Roth. You can contribute money to it or you can convert retirement money that's already free tax by paying the tax now and putting money in now. A contribution can either be directly into a Roth ira, it can be backdored into a Roth ira, or it can go into like your company's 400 1K plan as sion. Now, if you want to contribute directly to a Roth ira, there's some income limitations, right? And people's like, well, I cannot contribute to a Roth ira because I make too much money. Well, that's just hogwash. That's the southern man maybe right there. It's hogwash because there are other ways to get money into a Roth eye area. You could do you could do a transaction called a backdoor. That's where you make a contribution to a non deductible ira. So you make a contribution where it's non non tax deductible. And then what you do is it's the next day after you make that contribution. And by the way, that contribution limit this year is 7000. If you're under 50, over 50, it's 8000. So non deductible contributions and then you just converted the next day. Now all the cpas out there are going to be like, Mike, well, there's this thing called a pro rter rule and there's this and there's that. And I mean, there's all these things where you can say, it's not as easy as I'm making it sound, guys, it is easy as I'm making it sound. If you work with a real profession, because like you know the people up in Wall Street and like your typical financial planners, typical financial advisors want to manage your money and they really can't manage 400 1K money. That's why they tell you to put your money in your iras. But guys, if you're trying to do like Roth strategies and you have a 400 1K, you should have all of your ira money, your ira money that is not Roth in that 400 1K because then there's no pro rerroright. There's you can do that back door every day. And so I've been doing the back before I moved to Puerto Rico, I was doing the back door for the last seven years. Now in your company plan, somebody will say, wow, Amanda, you know your cpa may say put your money into your 400 1K pretax because if you putting it in Roth, you're gonna to pay tax on it. Now, well, remember a cpa's job, and I mean, I love cpa's, but their job is literally to their their job is for this tax year to take the rules that they have this year and to make your taxes as low as possible. They don't project taxes out. Most cpas, there's some good ones out there, but most cp's don't project taxes out for when you're 65, 75 and 85. They're more worried about this year because their job, to do a good job, is to record the lowest amount of taxes this year. And theysay, I did my job. What you need as a tax planner on your team who's actually gonna na look at taxes that you pay over your life, because the benefit of the Roth, whether you contribute into it or convert into it, whether you go back door, whether you go through your employer plans, the benefit of the Roth is you get that tax deferred growth forever. And then when you take the withdrawals, they're tax free. And there's even there's even some times that you can take money out without penalty before you're 59 and a half, right? For college education to give us gifts. There's so many things. The Roth is the most durable, flexible tool that ultimately is going to save taxes in the long run. And it's going to be the place you where every dollar in that account is yours. It's not the governyeah. I appreciate you taking some time to explain that. I don't I feel like, man, we don't have a lot of those conversations. I guess on on on the show. It's not brought up very often. But you know I think what you just kind of described is extremely powerful. You know there's there's case studies out there, you know and we don't need to get into the detail of this, but there's there's people out there that you know have tens of millions of dollars in their Roth you know either because they started earlier, because they've done some things with you know private company you know investments and whatnot. But I know Peter Thiel and some others are kind of famous out there, but it is it is one of the most powerful vehicles in my opinion as well. You know just from a planning standpoint and and flexibility standpoint, just because how many different things you can do with it? I mean, you're right. I mean, the river Roth is just a tax strategy. It has nothing to do with investments. So you could I mean, like, yes, you could go buy nvidia stock in Roth. I hura, I'm not recommending that, right? But you could buy nvidia stock. You could buy an etf. You could buy you could buy real estate. That's hands off, right? You go into a self director Roth by you could buy access to private equity, you could buy crypto. Roth is just the tax strategy. The investments are really unlimited. Yeah. So talk to us a little bit. You've got it pretty well diversified kind of between real estate and investments. Your business, was it always kind of that way or how did it evolve into kind of the the the bucket and the legs that you've got now? So I'm I'm a traditionally trained financial advisor, stocks and bonds, right? 60, 40, 80, 20 based, risk based, age based, right? But what I but when I came into this industry back in 1990 working with clients, what I realized is that the stock market does not perform at eight to ten every year. It is. And what I also learned as I as I learned more about different investments is that the people that I noticed early in my career that had 78 figure net works, they they got that net worth through real estate and be and owning private businesses. That's where that's like where wealth is created, because the greatest investment you have or the greatest the greatest tool you have to build wealth is your time in your ideas and in entrepreneurs, business owners are they're willing to take greater risk on themselves than they are on something they cannot control. And so how I've watched all these guys that were buying 60 foot mega yachts and they were driving you know $200000 cars and they had Rolexes, and you know they were going on 14 day trips every quarter. I was watching to see what they had. And they were, and this was in 2000, right? I mean, they were making money by by buying property and flipping it into new homes, right? They were they were seeing problems and they were creating solutions and they were turning that into an llc and they were making you know six figures a week or seven figures. And so I mean, yes, yes, you can get rich slow with with a stock portfolio, but what you have to do to get rich slow with a stock portfolio is you have to keep feed it every two weeks. You have to keep contributing to it and then you have to stay there. But what I saw people building wealth wealth fast. It was building the business and then exiting out of it, building real estate, exiting out of it, right? And then just looking at market trends and being being willing to to do what other people are not doing. I mean, Hey, listen, the only the only place in the world that people don't buy something on sale like when it goes on sale, is they don't buy assets when they're on sale. Remember, I mean, think about the financial crisis in 2008 when real estate plummeted. You know who bought those real estate that went down well? People that are have have eight, nine figures of income are over net worth. Now, when the stock market Winold sale in this year, right, March and April of this year, when it dropped 20%, those were assets. Stocks are assets, and they were on sale 20 to 25 percent. And what were people doing? They were getting out of the stock market and buying 4% treasuries because they were scared that it was going to go down 30 or 40% when stocks go on sale, when real estate goes on, salwhen crypto goes on sale, meaning that it's gone down in value. That is the time, as Warren Buffett says, when other people are fearful, being greedy. And when other people are being greedy, be fearful. When it goes on sale, you buy because listen, when on Black Friday this year, on Black Friday that day after thanksgiving, United States people are going to run into Walmart and run into Best Buy and they're going to buy all these tvs that are on sale. But if on Black Friday, nvidia with down 40 people are be like, I'm not gonna to buy that on salso. You just have to be, you have to, you have to always have a little bit of we have cash. We have six figures of cash that and if something goes on sale, we're going to buy it, right? But we're going to buy an asset that's on sale, right? And then the another way to like build wealth, and what I saw really wealthy people doing is they were not scared of debt as long as that debt had assets tied to it because they they knew they knew the power of arbitrage cash flow versus you know cash in versus cash out. And I learned that early on. And I mean you know since then, we're you know we're using a lot of that and we're using a lot of different techniques. You know we we just bought into our kind of first private placement deals three years ago and we're very happy with them, right? We're into a medical facility at the Houston, Texas area. We're we're now into like some offshore real estate deals that have already paid us back. And there's a lot of offshore real estate deals, by the way, guys, that are not worth going into, but there are some that are really worthwhile going into. You just have to do your due diligence to know how to see a real deal versus a versus a scat. This point. How do you think about where your next dollar goes between putting more in you know save. Crypto at 2%, that's part of your portfolio, putting more into real estate or a private placement deal or you know, into your cash bucket. I mean, how do you think about that at your age and at your net worth now? Well, I don't try to I don't try to tug the market, right? We have a, we have a we're at a point where we are we're still dollar cost averit into crypto. We're still dollar cost averit into a brokerage account. So as so every month we have automated some savings that go into crypto into our brokerage account as Puerto Rico residents like we don't have access to throw money into a retirement plan right now like we like we did when we were us based. And so so we're dollar cost averaging brokerage and dollar cost averand in crypto. The cash position we're building is we're always looking for at this point where we are we're looking for like some longer term naals that are that are more that the projections show like more explosive growth, but they come with a little bit more risk because we feel like we've got like our basics covered, like our stock portfolio and our Roth is covered. Our real estate portfolio, we have real estate that is you know our commercial property is cash flowing like crazy? Yeah. So you know we're I mean, we're we're at this point looking for something that has more risk and we're looking for something that has some explosive cash flow out there. And it's so like on the private equity side, we're always looking and we're always looking to get into deals with other people who are looking to for capital. Not not we're not going into $100 million deals. We're going into more of the three to $5 million deals where we can take a you know a pretty significant position three to 5% of that deal and move forward. But there's great opportunities. I mean, the the one thing that's happening right now globally is like the value of the dollar being lower than it was earlier in the year. It's creating some opportunities out there that if I don't understand it completely, but I know that there's a lot of money flowing into the us markets right now because it's because people can buy our assets in the us. Market cheaper than they could a year ago. And so I watthe flow of money. One of the things I don't do is I don't have time to be glued to a computer to do options trading. I don't have time to to watch crypto every day. And so I pretty I stay pretty well disciplined in like the the automation of those systems or what I'm using there. But I mean, we're always looking for opportunities to buy into new startup companies, new private placement deals. Yeah. So you said that you don't have a net worth, so to speak, but you've got kind of this lifestyle, you know visiting seven continents, etcetera. Talk to us a little bit more about that and how that's evolved. So my wife and I have like like five major pillars in our life. Like we want na have good food. We want to have good drinks, we have we want to have good sex, we want to have good friends and we want to travel. Those are like the pillars in our life. And right, I think people people like need to have a vision for what their life want to be, because if the goal is money, you're gonna to be dissatisfied at some point, right? A major crash is gonna to happen. It happens you know in every market. And if if your sole purpose is just to accumulate money, you're going to find yourself disappointed at the end. And so we want we want to find out how money can help us accomplish our five major goals. The travel part for us is the more we travel, the more we realize we haven't seen anything in this life, right? Because you know you all of a sudden see something that you Thinis the most beautiful thing in the world. Like we did that when we were in Patagonia and Chile five years ago. And we thought, man, this is the most beautiful place on earth. And then we end up in the dolomites. It's in Switzerland. And we're like, holy cow, is there anything more beautiful this? And then we end up in the Scottish Highlands. And the Scottish Highlands are some of the most beautiful places in the world. And then we end up in like in in Sweden and you see the northern lights. So I mean, like there's we just have seen nothing. I mean, we've visited we visited 63 countries, and most of those countries we've spent multiple days in, but we've seen nothing in this world. This world has so much to offer. And the more you see of it, the more you realize that our little bubble that's called our world wherever we are today, it's not it's not as vast or as big as what you know, our world, our part of the world, is not as big as we think it is. And so that's why we get out and travel, right? We spi mean, I'll take by the time this year is over, I mean, I'll probably be, I'll be have been on 160 different flights. Some of that's for work, but a lot of that's for traveling because in the first quarter this year, January to March, I was traveling ten weeks and nine of that was I was working while we were traveling and we were in 15 countries while we were doing that. We just we just believed that the the more you see, the more relevant you're going to be in your profession. But the more we're trying to lead our kids, I we have three kids and our three kids like my my 20 year old, she's already been to eleven countries. She spent nine weeks in Cambodia and six weeks in Thailand and ten weeks in South Africa. You know that's that's the kind of people that you know I want to raise in my life, but really, it's the kind of people I want to be around, people that want to travel, people that have a gold bigger than themselves. And that's that's what we live, right? Like the one of a kind life is is getting out and seeing as much of this one of a kind world that we could see before before we die because that that day's is coming sooner or later. Yeah, that's awesome. I'm appreciate to share on Mike. Well, let's let's wrap up with some rapid fire questions. What's the most expensive pair of shoes or psage you've purchased? Most expensive shoes? I got a pair of Louis vuitons, like the tennis shoes. 13, I think one of those 13, the pair I got was 13 hundred 20 bucks. You wear them. I'm A, I do what I do on events. No, I wear them. I wear Yeah the interesting things about jeans, I will tell you this one is I'm a wrangler jeans guys. Like I wear wrangler jeans pants and I mean, they're like they're like 30 or 40 bucks and I'll wear them for 20, 30 times. And when they wear out of his Thwing way and order the next pair, I mean, I just know what I like. They fit me and I don't know if they're if they're good enough for cowboys are good enough for me. Yeah ranank with jeans and Louis Vuitton. She's all right. I like it's it's really it's really a weird combination. But that's that's me. Hey, I get it. What what about the most expensive meal out? We were in Vienna, Austria and we were at a Michelin star restaurant and I think the bill was like 40700 for the two of us. Was that including some some pretty nice wine? It was I think it was a bottle of champagne and then a bottle of wine. Surprisingly, the thing that was that was the most expensive. There was a cheese course. We had some cheese that like it's 2020 course cheese course or something. Yeah, it was it was like it was well, it was the second most important, the second most expensive. Its of bill was actually in Lima, Peru. It's at a restaurant called cid trial where it was the number one rated restaurant in the world like two of the last five years. And it was one of the more exotic meals we've ever had. It was like a 15 course meal. And I think that was like 3800 bucks. But I'm pretty sure that that was the wine. It wasn't the food. Gotcha. Gotcha. What about the most expensive tripper or experience the most expensive trip? It probably was. I'm not. This is not a good one, thatbe, a good one for my wife to say, because I just experienced a trip. She, I mean, I pay for him and I know what the total trips are. Probably was our 22 days down in Peru and Chile, because did we did Patagonia, we did Santiago, Chile, we did Machu Picchu, we did rainbow mountain and we did those. We didn't exactly stay at the Holiday Inn Express. So that's not that's not my wife. My wife is amazing and she's very frugal, but not what we travel. Gotcha. Good deal. What's what's a key lesson learned from fhood? Kon every penny. Kon every done. Count every nickel. My, my my grandmother taught me that she was not, she was not a very wealthy person or a well educated person. She's actually like who I think is my hero, but she she taught me to kind of value money the right way. You can actually take, you can actually take Tabasco sauce and clean a pity and make it look brand new again. We actually did that when I was ten, eleven, twelve years old. And so it was just, it was just make sure you know where your money is at all point. And with that, you can live the life that you really wanna live. What's the craziest thing you've ever done to earn money? I delivered pizzas, but I was when I was at college, and it was a town that I was not very familiar in. It was a Little Caesar's franchise. And I mean, that doesn't sound crazy, but like to me it was because, I mean, I would drive up to somebody's trailer park or an apartment where you're not really supposed to be, and I would literally, I was delivering pizzas and if they weren't given a tip, I was letting them know about it. I was letting them know why, because I was, I just just say I was a little bit of a sales guy then. I'm not not not a sales guy now because I don't have to sell anything in my life to be successful anymore. But but Yeah, I think that was probably the wood. That's correct. How did you earn your first buck upin a baseball game when I was when I was like 14 years old, like the local parks of recreation was using like was using high school kids to umpire like tea ball games. And that was my, that's how I earned my first dollar. Okay, what's something you spend way too much money on, but you don't regret alcohol? It's it's that's hands down like there's two things I love from I love a tequila that doesn't taste like tequila, like it's so smooth it tastes like water. And that's and that that gets really pricey. And then I love love really, really expensive French wines. Okay. What's a closely hell belief that you once had recently changed your mind on? I mean, I religion, there's a lot about religion that I've once held like sacred, like that was non negotiable. And the the more I age and the more I see people that use religion in the wrong ways, the more I see that religion is more it's deeper personal than it is corporate right. Religion is not about a church, it's about an individual belief. And and I think there's a lot of people who use religion wrong. And my mom is probably like going na flip out when she hears that, but she and I are having these conversations too. But don't don't think I don't think religious people are bad. I think religion is used for like the purposes like it's it's a corporation, just like McDonald's is at some level. And there's a profit mechanism to it that you know is is not really what it's meant to be. So I don't I don't hold like the institution of church as high in like standing as I probably once did early in my life. Okay, if you could have dinner with anyone too. If you even want to go to four individuals who would to be living or dead. Yeah. I mean, I'd love to have one more dinner with my grdy. Like I'd do anything to have dinner with my granny one more time. That was my she's my probably my all time favorite person live. I would there's there's there's some questions that I got for Warren Buffett. Like, I would love to, like, I'd love to know, like, dude, how did you go from where you are now to have that billions through the stock market? Like what insider? Like, I'd love to ask him. Like there had to be at some point in the past some insider information you got that you know, was wrong to get and maybe it's not, but I'd love to ask the question. Love to ask. So I'd love, I got some questions for ward Buffett and I'd love to I'd love to talk to Steve Jobs, right? If I could if if I could go and get like a dead, I'd love to hear like, dude, why did you really leave apple the first time and why did you come back? Because there's there's a story there. I know there's the reported story, but I think there's a deeper story there. I'm thankful he did come back because the iphone has changed my life. IPads, imax, right. MacBooks, they change my life. It allows me to travel and work anywhere, right, without wearing everything. But I'd love, I'd love to ask Steve Jobs more about, like what he really discovered when he went to the Far East. Like how did that really inspire him to come back and want to think differently? So that's so, well, would that be a fun dinner? Warren Buffett, Steve Jobs, and my third grade educated Grady thatbe. Thatbe, the heck of a dinner tor, how old are you? Became a millionaire, 31 years old. And then at 37, I was not a millionaire anymore. That's when I went through a divorce. Okay, any last words of advice for somebody to just start out on their journey? I mean, I think everybody needs a sounding board of what they're doing in their life, but I think you need to find somebody who has gotten where you wanna go. You know, I'm obviously in the financial planning world, and it baffled that there's millionaires, both 78 figure people, who are taking advice from employees of companies, right? Like, I don't get why I don't get why a seven or eight figure person would work with anybody who doesn't pay their own light bill, you know, run their own business, you know, signs the back, signs the front of the check and not the back of the check. Like I don't get it. Like you're you're a millionaire and yet you're working with an employee at a company who's there to do the bidding of their manager and the shareholders of that company. Go work with an entrepreneur who has some of the same thoughts that you have. Talk to a financial planner who actually has a similar net worth or higher than you have. Right? Get, get, get get something that is that is more tailored to who you are, not tailored to what the same person who has like or get the same advice that somebody has, you know 11 hundreth of the net worth you have. And so I mean, that's a that's a frustrating thing to me. And I would tell you that if you're aspiring to be wealthy, don't follow one size fits all advice. Challenge the status quo and look for opportunities. Because if advice is freely given, it means it's not really worth it. And a lot of times these big corporations are freely given advice that is not really worth it. Awesome miwith a net worth of 3.9 million. Thanks for the show today. Thanks for having me. Thanks for listening to the millionaire's unveiled podcast with Jace Mattinson. For more stories, investment opportunities and information, check out our website, millionaireunveiled dot com. See you next time when you'll hear from another everyday millionaire. Welcome back to another episode of the millions velpodcast. This is episode number 431. Got a great episode today for you. But before we get into that, if youlike to be on the show, send us an email milliers and vthat gmail. Com. We're always looking for new, great, entertaining guests willing to share their stories. Pretty soon we're gonna have to start calling out some more professions. I feel like we almost had a professional athlete on. We definitely need to get one on soon, especially on the hills of the most amazing World Series I've ever witnessed it. I think I'm not a huge baseball fan. I really get into it kind of around the playoffs and World Series. But man, this one had me on the edge of my seat almost every single pitch. So crazy, crazy, crazy finish. So would be cool to have a professional athlete on. We've got, you know, this is kind of the the time of the year where all the major sports at in North America. I know soccer is big, huge internationally, but not professionally, at least not quite as big in North America, but between hockey, basketball, baseball and football, we kind of had a convergence there for a couple weeks, the last couple weeks here of all the sports having games and stuff. So would be fun to have a professional athlete, tennis, soccer, football, basketball, anything be awesome. But we almost had one on the hockey front, been going back and forth. Hopefully, we can still maybe get him. But at any rate, there are plenty other professions out there. I know that we have not quite had as many guests on or as many guests as probably we would have expected today. We have one of those. We have a cfp. I think we've only had one, maybe two others on the show previously. And this one's pretty unique. He isn't kind of an expat living in Puerto Rico. I know that's not quite expat territory, but for some tax regions, tax purposes and some things that he does and we'll get into into his strategy there. And Yeah kind of got a crazy story. You know he started out umpiring. That's kind of why I brought up the baseball a little bit, but also was a pizza delivery guy and had a divorce in his 30. So you know became a millionaire and then lost it, split it, etc. And now has built it back up. So he's got net worth of 3.9. I'm sure a lot of people will resonate with some of the things that he's gone through and possibly that some of the decisions that he's made as of more recently to kind of structure his retirement and you know kind of make some efforts and some some things in his you know with his goals and his planning around spending down his wealth and enjoying it with the things that they enjoy and talks about the five pillars of that. So without any further delay, let's go around the show with Mike.
