---
ticker: NET
type: podcast_transcript
title: "429: Net Worth Of $13.9M - "I Never Made Six Figures…Now I'm Worth Almost $14 Million at 66 Years Young""
podcast: ""
date: 2025-10-20
audio_url: https://pdst.fm/e/pscrb.fm/rss/p/traffic.libsyn.com/secure/millionairesunveiled/429_-_Sam_2.mp3?dest-id=602409
language: auto
chars: 43213
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# 429: Net Worth Of $13.9M - "I Never Made Six Figures…Now I'm Worth Almost $14 Million at 66 Years Young"

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2025-10-20

---

## Transcript

It's all about getting the books and getting around good people who will help you and not hanging out, not wasting time. The last bit of advice at this point in life, it's all about time. When you're Young, you have lots of time and no money. And when you're older, you have a little bit of money and not much time. So if one can just focus on time management throughout their life and say no and say no, and once again, say no to anybody stealing your time that you're not going to get a fair return on, then I would walk away from time wasters, as I call it. Time sucks. That is, anyone, anything is going to take your time so that you can focus on two or three goals that are most important and welcome millionaires and future millionaires. You're listening to the millionaire's unveiled podcast, the show, where you'll hear the stories and interviews of everyday millionaires will unveil their decisions, their strategies and their portfolio allocation cations. Nadior host, Jace matenson, welcome back to another episode of the milliunville podcast. This is episode 429. This is the podcast where everyday millionaires spill the beans on their stacks of Green. We're your host, Jason Stacy, ready to bring you the enscripted tales of wealth, warts and all. Because who needs a script when you're rolling and dough? Join us as we dive into the net worth and asset allocations of regular folks. Turn financial titans. It's like cribs, but with fewer gold plated toilets. More practical advice, we promise. The only rare edits are to be kid friendly, so you won't hear any naughty language. Just lots of chching and maybe a sprinkle of doremes. So buckle up, tighten those purse strings, and get ready to laugh and learn. With millionaires unveiled today, we've got a very fun episode. But before we get into it, if youlike to be on the show, send us an email, millionaires veiled at gmail. Com. We're always looking for new, great, entertaining guests and even some returning guests who are willing to give us an update, share their story and let us learn from everybody before we get today's episode, I've had a few of you reach out about possibly doing another meeup. I was not necessarily planning on doing anything this fall again, however, I've had quite a few of you reach out. So I will probably try to maybe coordinate something with those individually who want to do something and try to accommodate in that manner. So if you're interested to shoot me an email, we'll try to make something happen, see if we can't make a little get together happen in person and or virtually. We'll see. Appreciate those that are interested in willing and those that attended last year. We had a great time today, actually, before we get into today's episode, if youlike to be on the show, send us an email, mail, ners and veil at gmail dot com. And we are always looking for new, great, entertaining guests willing to share their stories. We've got a few million dollar hoas coming up here soon. But today, on today's episode, we have a returning guest. In fact, he came on with a net worth around 7 million, retired at the time, still retired back on episode number 120, so a little over about five and a half years ago. And his net worth now is almost to 14 million. So he's almost doubled his net worth and quite a remarkable journey. He's had quite the returns in the last decade plus since he's retired, as we discussed, never made over 100, zero dollars, so never had a six figure salary. And Yeah, it's going to be a great episode. So without any further dellet's, get right into it with Sam. Welcome to the millionville podcast and show. We have a returning guess. We have Sam. Sam, tell our little listeners about yourself and kind of what you're up to now. Okay, and I'll be real brief on the intro. And thank you so much, Jace Madison, for your hard work on millionaires unveiled almost a staple now. It's been around for a while and I seen you're up to 400 and some podcast. I think I was around number 120, Jace, a while back. And a little about myself. I'll be 66, so I know many of your listeners are probably half that age. But I started out around the age of 25 with my first job, a salary of just 25k back in 1985. And I have grown that. I retired roughly 31 years later at the age of 56, and that was around 19 or two, 15. So that's a little of that. I am am very active. I have roughly a half a dozen property rentals and investments, and I follow the market, and that's a little by finance. And I enjoy talking to Young people and getting them to think about wealth. And the journey has been long and hard, but it's been rewarding. And I love podcasts like yours or resources like yours because it really does educate the Young person and the old person on a, you can do it. And b, you just have to put your nose to the grinstone. So with that, Jace, I'll turn them back to you. So give our listeners a little high level. What did your career span over the three decades, three plus decades? Well, the span was 31 years. That's the time frame and that's and your question is what did it consist of or what kind of work perhaps? Jace, correct. Okay. I was an engineer, University bachelor's degree and anxious to get out, not a high level cum laude type of guy, just an average guy. And in terms of academics, and I then plunged into the workforce back in the mid 19 eighties. And the key was for listeners is always working on the side, getting what I call the bread and butter job after the college degree. And I would pursue the college degree should be ideally academic or as they say, Oh, there's a word for technical engineering, medical something I forget the I use it all the time, but there's a those fielbut not yes, stem. Thank you. Science, technology, engineering and math. And someone say medical, but not the soft degree. So that's the key to get started on the right foot. You want a decent degree to make it more. And then in the job, it's keeping the overhead down, not keeping the debt down if possible. It's harder now for Young people. But in my span of my career, I didn't have debt going out to speak of a lot of debt. College was a lot less expensive. And then with the career, I was excited. I was meeting new people in a bigger city, Pittsburgh, and I got to get around people who were hustling, working hard on the side and in a new fields, as well as what I call bread and butter job, my core job, that's what everything rotates around, and including, if possible. A 400 1K or for teachers, your 403b etc., but getting that pension established, if you're in the private sector, anything that gives you the 400 1K and those sorts of things, maximizing it, that's the key word, is maximizing roughly, I think, 25000a year is what you're allowed or more somewhere in there. And then setting up a personal Roth on the side of roughly seven or 8000. I think if you're over 55, it's about 8K, but I think it underfit your seven k. So there's two vehicles there, the iras, the 400 1K, which I sort traditional talk about that, if you like, instead of Roth. And then the personal ira, which would be a Roth. But throughout the career, it was engineering work, sitting at a desk, mostly doing environmental reports and studies. Then they shook up the place, and I found myself out in the field doing blue collar work, which was great. I dovetailed with my properties, which I was mostly managing. My own properties still do. And so that blue collar work, which was just in line with my rental real estate, Jace, and that was all, as I say, blue collar, and you know, getting rolling up your sleeves and getting into it and so on. I did about 30 years of that, still doing it. But often I hire out now more, a little more. And I would say on real estate, to the listener, always buy property. You can see every day, I think I said this on the last interview a few years back, is to have to go long distance and either fly or drive hours to get to properties. I think I don't like that idea. It may work for some, and I'm just not I'd rather see my properties frequently if possible. So but the career wound down, working out in the field and so on and was looking at early 56, I could take retirement. And that's that's exactly what it did because no, not labor on this. The politics of the job, as everybody has politics in their job, and those can really beat you down and frustrate you while you look at others advancing. And you don't get to advance quite like youlike to this. Hard to do, but some of your listeners are super high achievers, entrepreneurs, etc.. So they would just roll their eyes at that. Just they're doing the right thing, being your own person, as they say. Jace incorporated, Sam incorporated, you are your own incorporation. And every day you get out of bed, it's you, Inc. That's a good one. So Jace, that's a little bit. I'm listening to you is would you care for me to elaborate a little more on that or do you have a question or two? Yeah, I wanna get into kind of the trajectory of your investments and and kind of the career path and whatnot. But before we do, what is your net worth today? Net worth today was 13.7 mill. Wow. So in the last, since you've retired, I guess in the last decade you have tripled, quadrupled your net worth. Is that correct? Correct. I left at three mil, and today I'm at 13. So just take that times, four, four point a half, 400%, which is a great point you make. A lot of people say, gee, I thought we drolled down on retirement. As we progressed in retirement, I thought we drolled down the retirement, but a lot of people out there will say, no, you grow in retirement. And the secret to that is just staying in investments long term, not no day trading, just by and hold decent American companies and etf's that are growth oriented and keeping the overhead down. Any person in their own business knows to keep overhead down, not getting overextended. I never played margin in the markets getting on the trajectory point. I never I just went long term initially. Back then it was mutual funds, and then those did quite well in the nineties. And then now it's etf's. And that's great. I like those. And then the rental real estate was more like a bread and butter. There's sometimes when the rentals look better than the market when you go into bad markets. So the trajectory was one of just continuing, doing the same thing, not getting fancy, not buying a lot of stuff. I think that's the key to successes. I I'll make it. Chuckwell Jace, the difference between a man and boy, can you answer that? Jace, I have a lot of answers. The difference between a man and a boy is the size of his toy or toys. So in other words, stay away from the toys. You don't need new the brand new car, the boat or the super big house unless you're ready for it. And just the other question on that isn't a need or a want, Jace? You you get what you need, but you or you but the once you've got to put aside starting out to get serious compounding growth, you put the ones aside and just focus on the needs for your family and the important people around you, the needs but certainly not the frivolous ones. So that's a side. But on the trajectory, just focusing on the market along with real estate to supplement it and hustling, as I wrote recently on a Facebook site, there's good stuff out there. And there on Facebook, eight hours is just breaking even. Anything over eight hours is for success. So once you get home from work after an eight hour date, then success starts. So that's food for thought. So if you just leave, things go jasis. I often say to Young people, it's like a snowball at the top of the hill. If you push that snowball down and the bottom is retirement, I think you know what happens. Yeah. So what is the breakup of? Let's just round up right now for sake of conversation. What's the breakup of the 14 million? The breakup, and that would be mostly equities in the stock market or the etf's and the breakout or the breakup? I'm all into etf's that are growth, which means stock equities and no bonds. I just and then the real estate, I don't even count real estate. And this is a key point. When I started out, I counted real estate as part of my net worth, and most people do. And that's there's a good argument to count it, but I don't I just look at liquidity and what is accessible. And the breakout is growth. And if you want me to be specific, like in naming particular symbols and things like that, we can do that. Trying to think that's and then there's nothing fancy. The properties are, again, I could put a dollar figure on that. I'll just say a couple mil plus or minus, and I don't count that as part of the 13.7. So with the equities, Jace, it would be largely etf's in growth and more etf's in growth and mutual funds in growth. Jace, would you care for me to pick out a couple favorites on that or would you like to? That's fine. But that's that's a pretty amazing picture. I mean, you've been call it A W two. What was your highest earning year, if you don't mind me? Good question. Awesome question. And that highest earning year, and that included shift work on overtime or holiday pay. I think I saw 90K. I was well under 100k back in 19 or 2015, just about ten years ago. I never broke 100k with my employer. If you can imagine that nowadays the Young people are all starting at one and a quarter, 150k out of college. And that's just going back to those stimulus checks. But I'll not go down the politics route. I'm just joking. But Yeah, they get great salaries now, of course they debt. But Yeah, I never broke 100k. 90k was a good, my best year as I wrapped up. Go ahead, Jason. So never made 100k. What was your savings rate amongst that question number? I would max out on the 400 1K, which would equate, I would say, I always tell Young people, 25, 35% if possible, after the debts are paid, after your family and children and all that. If you can still muster that to the person that isn't married, I would say don't marry until later and don't start too early with children. But I would just say the savings rate was roughly 25% plus or minus. Again, like that snowball at the top of the hill, once it starts rolling and gathering speed and momentum and MaaS, you've got you've got a lot of things working for you in that regard. But say shoot for 25% of your take home. Well, the 400 1K gets it off the top, as you know, and I would max out there, and I think that was equated to 25K A year, which is roughly only a thousand a month or a 2000a month is what my salary, what my W two would take. And then everything on the side that I could muster be at a side job if I had to find something, you know, was I was always looking at ideas and little jobs. So that's the hustler, me and the successful man or woman, along with the setbacks, you will see setbacks and they can be legal. Et cec, you just try to watch that. We can touch on insurance briefly. And I would say be sure you, you know, keep insured well and look at the umbrella policy. Some people go, llc, that's fine. If you're sophisticated and you have a big portfolio in real estate, that's essential, but I'm not in that area. So I would the savings rate was roughly in that 25% range, plus or minus jse. But as a Young man, every $100I would get, I would send it by account statement, snail mail off to tiprice. At that time, I'm not with tio anymore because their expense rates are a little higher than I care for, but they were the core holding some of their mutual funds. Go ahead, Jason. So just putting this in the calculator real quick. So $2000a month, 30 years, you basically retired with a net worth of 3 million. So call it an 8% return is what you effectively had. Well, Yeah, let me clarify. Good question. Good point. I would say when I look back over my numbers and and anybody serious about wealth keeps track of their portfolio, I've often found that I was around 15% a year. So I just didn't give you a good info. That's my bad. But no, no wori mean Yeah money on the side of two besides the two K, I would do more than that. I would perhaps make three or maybe three k. And I was looking at sometimes 20, 25% a year over the years. But I just follow the S&P 500 and I interrupt usir and or the growth funds such as the tech etf's, which often get 15 to 20 percent average annual returns over you know five, ten, 15 years. So I would bump, I'm often said to others, about 15% a year. Go ahead, Jason. So Yeah, and they've definitely been 15% in the last decade here, likely because you've gone from 3 million to 14 million. So have you put anything in since you've retired or have you just let it ride? Good question. Good question. Do have I put any? I let it ride because and I'll try to be be brief. You tell me how much time we have, if you like, my income sources or income streams. Now, Jace would be the retirement, what's called an annuity. It's not the insurance annuity. I would never buy an annuity out on the street, but the annuity or pension, as we would say from the employer. And then there are the rents I have a little bit in royalty, which is only about eight or 900a month. And that comes from what's called oil and gas drilling property. And that's not much I was hoping I think the first year I'll just digress briefly on one or two sentences on that. If any of your listeners are around oil and gas, they might get excited by the prospect of getting a letter saying, Hey, we want to drill and we're going to pay you a bonus and here's what we think we can get for you, etcetera. Well, the first year was great, Jace, about 70 zero. So and then after that, it just dives. It took a nose dive, as any listener who knows how that goes when depletion. So no, it's roughly just ten or 12000a year. So that's a side stream income. It's a viable income stream, roughly a thousand a month. Then there's, as I mentioned, the pension, roughly two, then your insurance is taken out of some of that 25, three k. So it's not big money to anybody. But and that's the most important thing, I always never, it's not about salary, jse or income per year. It's about net worth or savings and net worth. Net worth and income, you would probably agree, or salary are two different subjects, right? So those streams are just the royalty, the pension, trying to think of it as something else that I don't I reinvest dividends. That's a key point, Mr. Madison. I don't pull the dividends towards me, but I make enough from the rents and from the pension that everything sustaining. Also, my significant other does like to help out on a few things here and there that I would pay for, but I do pull from my money market a little bit as an income stream. That is where the dividend monies go. And I think just to pay my credit card this month, and I never pay interest on credit or anything I think I wanted I had the monies, but I always add three or four or five K A month on my checking so that I can have enough local funds to cover bills, be it utilities or be it this or that. So Yeah, the streams aren't you know are just dividends and royalties and your W two, your 400 1K that covers about everything. Jace, go ahead. Have you started taking social security yet? No. Good question. 66. And the rule of thumb, as many know, is way to your 70. I don't need it. And here's the key. We didn't talk taxes yet. I spend more time focused on tax minimizing or minimizing taxes than I do on growth because at 66, don't it's not about growth. It's about the tax minimizing taxes and so on. A living trust is where I'm you know, trying to work at that. There's a couple other things. But social security, it would be a taxable income or not. You have to watch the politics to your listeners. The current administration now they're kind of favorable. I like the fact that we have 100% bonus depreciation. On many things, business owners would know what I'm talking about or their accountants would. And on that, Jace, I'll just give a quick tip. You want a tax man who's looking forward. You don't want a cpa who's looking at last year's expenses. Rather, you want an accountant or tax planner. And there is a certification for that, I suppose, who can look at your work and help you with the future and minimizing tax assumthe, things like social security, probably that would be a tax, particularly with Irma out there. And that the Medicare starts at 65 automatically. And you have to look at your rso. I'm caught in that I try to keep my wages. My agi just goes such that I'm not getting in a higher one. But I think next year I'll probably kick up to a higher level, regrettably, but so way it goes. So no, no Medicare, that is no social security until 70 because I don't need the money. And any of your listeners who are all quality people and making who are serious about their wealth, they probably won't need mesocial security. It's the people who don't focus on wealth throughout their career that need social security at 62. So answered your question jnot till not for another four or five years. Yeah, makes sense. I'm just curious because you're you're you're probably in the boat where pretty soon, you know in a few years here, you're looking at kind of what that rmd situation may look like. And I'm just able ahead, let me let me touch on that briefly, Mr. Perfect. I am rmd immune. I want to I want to hear your response to that, Jason. I'm not surprised, but go ahead and tell listhow you you got to that point. And that's a great point. This is probably the most key point in the whole interview, Jace, and that is to get those those those traditional trads converted over to Roth. And therefore the sweet spot, as those who followed the subject would know, is you want to get that done in your sixties, the conversions to Roth, or as they say, Roth conversions, and that can take a series of years, four to five years to stay reasonable without getting crushed doing at one time. This is also to avoid rmd's later should the politics hold for that. At 75, who knows what politics will look like for those people, for us who are at that age. But requireminimum distributions, they're a boogeyman out there. And my focus chase was I wanted to avoid that with my ira funds. And here's a key point of that number. We touched on roughly 13.7. I would say three quarters of that is taxable and one quarter of that are roughly five mill is iras. So much of the conversion work I've done over the years has made that into Roth. How much were you doing roughly per year? Did you did you start in your 60s? Are you start right after you tired when you didn't have any more essentially W two income? Look at roughly two or 300k and Ross a year. Now those, of course, have grown somewhere in that range. I was I had again, three mil and so on, and much of that was was traad traditional and some Roth then as the funds have grown over ten years etc., and we've just had a great market. I would also do a lot of self study. Nobody guided me on this. And the key is that and work on the conversions and pick amounts that would be reasonable. And that's the key word is what's reasonable per year and take several years to make it such that it's now in Roth under the Roth umbrella, if that answers your question in general. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. And and when you say you're effectively self taught, Yeah. I mean, how did that even come on your radar and did it play into the age that you retired at it all? Oh, Jay, sure the best. I can't wait for you to come to Pittsburgh so we can just sit down and have a drink or you know something like, and I don't even care for alcohol, Harley. Those days are long gone and so on. But I holidays and all that's the key is just watch your, you know, your habits. But your question is, when did it all? It started in the 19 seventies. I remember my mother. I can wax sentimental writing out the bills on the kitchen table and looking at the cds which are yielding under Jimmy Carter, 13 or 14%. She's saying, Yeah, we go to the bank and we love the cds. They're great. And so that got my interest. But a quick story brief. When I was five years old, I was hustling strawberries out of a wagon cart in West Virginia. And I would sell those for a quarter of piece because I love selling at that time. And I'm not a salesperson per se, although one could argue and agree that you wake up in the morning you're selling, and you go to bed at night and you're selling. We sell all day, be to ourselves or to others. But I got a mindset and the keywords mindset, and we got to touch on the books jse, if the opportunity comes on what books your readers or your listeners need in their library. And I just started reading, particularly when I got out of college, and I started developing a mindset of finance. And you know, finally, on my own, I could make my own salary. So it all started with my late teens, or even when I was younger to, I think I was selling fishermen like night crawlers. We would put those in the classifies and sell nirollers, worms etc., you know, like that back when I was, you know, ten years old. So you're always got that tivbut. You got to be around the right people. You got to be nurturing and building good foundation and friendships, ideally, or be with nobody at all. The positive energy is much more key to success and being around people with negative energy. And that's, you know, I just, I mean that respectively you want na be around people because sometimes my girlfriend drags me down. I need some positive energy here, honey. She doesn't get it. She doesn't get it. But she does get me because she knows I like to work and I've given her a lot to be grateful for financially etcec, so that part she likes, but she, some people don't get it. So the mindset comes early or it comes late. Whenever you just goto, even if you're a late comer to the game, you just goto start by putting away $100, putting away dollar thousand, letting a compound a safe American etf et c, that's growth oriented no matter the age. As you know, retirees are the one minus your age theory is dinosaur. Ideally, you're 80, 20, I don't even go with bonds, but I like equities. You want some cash and just watch the market, but just don't overextend yourself and have debt that doesn't allow you to enjoy your yourself. So hopefully jasgiving you that mindset. Back when mom was showing me a little bit about finances and then always hustling on the side from the day you're out of the womb to the day you die. I suppose we're just keeping focused on wealth. And I wish I could be as successful as those guys with who had their own companies, but I don't have the headaches of having of the own business. It is the key to success, Jace, having your own business and having a good accountants around you in a good army of people, legal etcec. But I like to think that I got avoided a lot of headaches by getting in you into just too many things. Just be good at what you do and invest and be frugal and so on. Jace, I probably digress there, but hopefully, when was the, you know throughout my life watching the parents and so many people only come from single family homes, that that's unfortunate. I had wonderful parents, middle class best. I think mom said, your dad never made over 25 grand in his lifetime hedied in 2001. So, you know, anthat, I mine in Washington, dc, once said, theynever be a millionaire in our family. And you just remember a lot of things. That's what I like about the upbringing and the importance of a good upbringing is you remember things that were said by your parents and peers and those those you looked up to. Go ahead. Jason, were you ever married? A good question. Short answer, no, I'm with a gal for ten years now. Actually ten. I'm still going on around 15, I think. And we're together. We're under one roof. We've been under one roof for roughly eight years. And do I want to get married? Jace, with all due respects, marriage is wonderful and you should do it. You marry if you're gonna to have children. And in the Bible, you would read where Paul would say, if your passion is great, marry. But if not, do work for God. So I was never married. Came close. Or if we might do it before for business reasons, possibly because it would help common law. Married by now, right? Yeah. Well, not in my state. Good question, Mr. Madison. Not in my state. Correct. But if she retires, most people lose their employment. My sister in buffalo, but most people lose their insurance. I said she took ss at 62. They didn't have a lot. They she didn't have a mindset. I did never did. Totally different woman type of person. And yet I have one sister. No. And yet I was a teacher. She was she had to lose her insurance and she went out on the market and did get adequate insurance. So it's good for her. I think, you know, it's fairly expensive, the premiums and such. But Yeah, my better half, if there's a point where that becomes a good thing to put her under my insurance as family, then by by all means, I'll do that. But that hasn't came about just yet. And I'm not really anxious to speed that up, so to speak. But I do want her to just to wrap up on that, just I want her to retire as soon as she can because her health is a great copd and things like that. She never smoked, but she had breast cancer. And that took the radiation, took it right out of her. I'm sure some of your listeners can appreciate this, that just she can't do a flight of stairs without being winded, Jace, if you can imagine, and it's just she keeps pushing. She's in her late 50 ties and she's wonderful. She's got a lot of energy, but one flight of stairs and she's toast for the day, sort of. She gets her win back and it's hard for her. She just toured Maine with her girlfriends. They drove, and she knew that she would be having a difficult time with walking on en hills. And we're talking about Italy. I'd like to go back there again. Been overseas once, and I know the walking is incredible, which I tell my friends. I travel to Italy and Europe every day. Jason, your question is, what are you talking about, right? You know, it is. What do you mean? Like, what do I mean? I like to kid around Jace, I get on YouTube and I just put Italy up and in France and all these countries, and I, an 85 inch tv wasn't enough. Js, so I got a 98 inch tv for a nice cost at bjs. Make you laugh. And I just fills up the living room. So you get sit there on the sofa and looking at Italy and on from drones. You didn't have drones. They weren't that popular last time you and I talked. And now drones are. They just take you over the castles and all over the place. Jse, it's wonderful to see the Europe from these perspectives on YouTube. Sounds like that. It really is. I just tell everybody I travel all over and certainly there's a lot of benefits to just with a super wide screen. Anyway, I digressed a little bit, but what has ever married, not yet, is certainly out there. If shehave me. Go ahead. Jace, have you increased lifestyle at all or made a purchase or anything as your wealth is ground that you're very good? That's a great question. And when interest rates were low, which was just roughly four or five years ago, I was able to acquire a nice property where we live at 3.2%. The other property where we, I thought it was my forever home, but then something better came along. And that's the key word for them to write down your listeners until something better comes along. That's I live by that mantra. We thought we had a great home at 2.8%. It was wonderful. Hoa called a sac happy. But then something better came along. And this house was just under a mill roughly four or five years ago. But it's a lot that has to do with serendipity and the man or woman who forces their circumstances. So many of us sit back and let the world PaaS this by. But if you get out there and make your circumstances, then you'll succeed. So the seller set out he needed to sell, and I didn't know this. We just caught it on mullist, and we kind of liked it. So we looked at it, and he was anxious to sell his building. So he made a deal right there. And the house was about to be put on a Pittsburgh today show for the holidays. And I said, well, I better tie this up now and signed on it with the realtor. And we have this beautiful home. And it's all circumstances. So what kind of spururges? That's one. And I've got a reasonable mortgage right now. Mortgages do take a chunk. I've got two mortgages. And here's a key question or a key comment, Jace. And you would say, well, if you were retired, how did you take out a mortgage? And they looked at and this is useful to all your listeners who are working on wealth, they looked at, they looked at the net worth and they said, well, you're fine, we'll go ahead with you. We can take the risk because the net worth was high enough and liquidity was high enough, not tied up in anything. It was just liquid assets. So that and then a few other things mostly just work. I still work a lot of so man, what what it a journey and in an adventure that you've been on financially and throughout your career, I want na go back to kind of that retirement inflection point and just what led you know, mid 50s networth around 3 million to essentially call it quits at that point. In a nutshell, the politics at the job and 30 years at the job, and I thought that, you know, I was eligible, that what led to it was A, I was eligible to retire, and I had a core 400 1K. The reason I held on to that job, the first ten years were great. And the second ten years, I hit the ceiling, so to speak. I could see that I wouldn't advance much further. And the final ten years were kind of rough politically, and by that I mean personnel etcec and so on. Now that's vague at most to your listeners and to you, but some people probably can appreciate where I'm coming from. But I was going retired at 55. So the last ten years, 45 to 55, I was I was just kind of tired of the politics, so to speak. Oh, and so became eligible. I was that's called the earliest you could be eligible was around 56 there. And I took it thinking, at three mil, I was pretty good. And most importantly, what led to that inflection point of retiring is I did the dry runs. By that I mean, I did the trial balloons. I did the runs that said, you can retire. Now that's and here's the key to the secret of that of retirement is you got to know your monthly income and your monthly expenses. And if your monthly income is positive, then maybe go for it. And you want a bad scenario, a middle of the road scenario and a good ideal scenario. What's that mean? That means that you want to look at expenses unexpectedly doubling or tripling or just where you are presently with your expenses on a monthly basis. And finally, what's a good scenario where you might be getting five or six k on the side per month on top of your income from your pension etc.. And so say you're making ten K A month and your outgo is roughly five K A month. Well, you're positive, you're good, and you're ready to retire. And you, I wanted to retire. Many people should love their jobs, but many don't, and they look forward to something new. So I knew that I had plenty of work to do on the properties to keep up with. It's a good good side hobby of side gig. I could afford the unexpected things, you know, appliances, new roofs etc.at the time, but also knew that investments and you take the risk, you're roll the dice, nothing is for certain, but you'll never get anywhere unless you're taking risk. So I said, well, okay, I'm ready for this 55. I financially I'm good because I looked at it monthly and I can continue on with my investing. And then the market was that snowball I mentioned or that steam roller that just kept pushing down the hill building. And it's a very powerful force compounding interest. As I tell all Young people, the first 20 years, this is key. Jse, the first 20 years was linear growth, just plotting along. And then after 20, everything started going shooting upward, like an exponential growth, or as someone would say, like a hyperbolic growth on a chart. That's where it just shoots upward, almost not vertical, but not far from it, if that makes sense to you, Jace. So that's the inflection point was what caused me to retire. I had the funds. I'd worked hard. I did a lot of dry runs, maybe 15 scenarios where I'd look at, okay, I'm done. I'm what's my situation? Look financially, all the variables and my income on a monthly basis, my outcome and that's that. So you could always go back to work should you need to. But if you're positioned correctly with with the market and things like that and your debt is not great, that's there's a wonderful there's like ten rules of businessmen out there. One is don't go don't be too conservative with your funding, but don't take risks that just to get over old losses, I'd go into that. I love that little group of business rules for businessmen. You don't see it much out there. I only came across it very seldom. And those books I touched on, allow me to mention those thank and grorich by Napoleon Hill. And then The Millionaire Next Door by Stanley, New York Times bestseller. Then his daughter has the next Millionaire Next Door, Sarah Falla, I believe, is her name fallbut. Those are the key books that everybody should have in their library, along with others. But those were the two I always give to Young people. I buy them by the batches and give them away to Young people, I think, who are deserving of it. Go ahead, Jace. Yes, Sam, I appreciate you sharing and kind of give us an update on where you've been, what you've been up to in the last little bit. I wanna ask just a couple. I know we did kind of a rapid fire previously, but I want na kind of touch on a couple. The first one I want to ask is, what's a closely held belief that you once had? You recently changed your mind on? A closely held belief that I once had that I recently changed my mind on? Good question. My belief, I am Christian and I am conservative. That's not something I've changed my mind on. Those are things I've rather entered into more strongly in the last five years. I attend every Sunday. I never miss, but I don't have Oh, it would probably be about time. And I don't know if this was ever anything I changed my mind on. I guess to change my mind on is people, you want to build great relationships, but yet you can, you always have to be allow for a person to disappoint. You could be a business associate. Oh, you can never count. You always have to have a plan b. So to change your mind, these are rules in case you're going forward with a business venture or an investment or relationship, what is your plan b and what is your exit plan? Because chances are with people, there's a 50, 50 chance that itgo south, the business idea or the investment partnerships aren't something I would get into because you don't know what the other person's gonna to do years from now. But what if I changed my mind on? I don't have a solid answer. I just know people will never fail to surprise you, be it positively or negatively. And I really want to give you a better answer. But I like the question so much. I want to find something salable or something to sink your teeth into. And I know that you can personally, you can change your mind. I'm always a believer in self help materials. So I'm always trying to change my my thinking because we spend our lives growing up in a negative bias from parents all the way up. And you have to spend the rest of your life, once you open up your thinking, to becoming more positive and not biased. And this is an attitude. This is in your action, this is in your approaches, this is in your mind, your state of mind, your moods. So I struggle at times with moods. In the evening, I get more crankier with my sweetheart. And I can't really explain it. I guess that's a good answer on something I can't figure out is why I get a little crankier. I call it a sundowner syndrome. All right, Mr. Madison, that's the best I got on that one. What's your last one? I may. How did, how did you make your first buck? Going back to that, I'll challenge your memory. You might recall some of those stories I mentioned earlier. Do you recall any of those? I would if you did. That's amazing. The first buck, you ready? I was selling strawberries out of a wagon when I was five or six years old. Okay, okay, okay. Well, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. All right. But certainly there it was all about working side. I worked with the state highway department later my college years. Those were, but I would work with my dad survean property. That was some some of my early dollars, but it was a shoveling snow as a teenager. Oh, I would $50a day and we get school off and I would go out hustling, shoveling snow, and I was exhausted, but I would make some money and and that pleased me. And I, of course, wanted to show it to my mother or my dad and say, Hey, I did this today. So there's some answers that are good, correct? Any last words of advice for somebody who's just starting out on their journey? Good question. Last words of advice. I've hit a lot of it in this in this interview with you, Mr. Madison. I'm it's all about getting the books and getting around good people who will help you and not hanging out, not wasting time. The last bit of advice at this point in life, it's all about time. When you're Young, you have lots of time and no money. And when you're older, you have a little bit of money and not much time. So if one can just focus on time management throughout their life and say no and say no, and once again, say no to anybody stealing your time that you're not going to get a fair return on, then I would walk away from time wasters, as I call it. Time sucks. That is, anyone, anything is going na take your time so that you can focus on two or three goals that are most important. And those goals typically revolve around family, finance, fitness, career and God. Those are some keys. And to have your goals, write them down every day, review your goals, have a script for worship, and know your values, accomplishment, achievements, your free time. Free time is a value I cherish, free time and time management. So those are things to look at for the Young person starting out. But those books I mentioned earlier in the interview and any books that you suggest or anything else, that's just it's how you spend your time and then get your rest and get up early and get started with your day super early before anybody else. It's all in those books and things like that. All right, Mr. Madison, that's my best answer there. Awesome, Sam. With a net worth of just under our 14 million, thanks for coming on the show today. Well, I'll talk to you in the future. Again, I hope Jace. Thanks for listening to the millionaire's unveiled podcast with Jace Mattinson. For more stories, investment opportunities and information, check out our website, millionaireunveiled dot com. See you next time when you'll hear from another everyday millionaire.
