---
ticker: NET
type: podcast_transcript
title: "How to Triple Your Net Worth in 5 Years"
podcast: ""
date: 2025-08-20
audio_url: https://pdst.fm/e/traffic.megaphone.fm/TCP1573137353.mp3?updated=1758727757
language: auto
chars: 41819
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# How to Triple Your Net Worth in 5 Years

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2025-08-20

---

## Transcript

I' M Ben Carlson, and this is asked the compound to show where you ask and we answer. Let's say you have a number in mind where you want to be financially maybe the next four to five years, but that number is substantially higher than your current net worth, maybe three to five times higher. Is that even possible to reach that goal? What's saving an investment strategies could make this dream a reality. We're going to answer those questions and more on today's show. Stick around, please. Our email here is asthecompound show at gmail. Com. Please send in all of your Porsche requduncan. We're gonna have Barry on the show next week to talk about Duncan's 20 zero dollars porschand. See if that's actually reality. I think Duncan was more right than we gave him credit for initially. I said in the 20 enties, just for the record, I didn't say 2020s. So I looked up, I looked up some portions, and I still can't. I'm seeing porschnot porse, sorry, never gonna be that guy. I go back and forth, you can actually buy one. So we'll ask Barry next week. On today's show, we answer questions straight from our compound audience about how to hit your net worth goal in four to five years, can AI prevent a recession in the 2020s? How to invest in markets that are more intertwined than ever, how to head your biggest winners in the stock market? We get all kinds of questions on that one. And then, should you pay off an auto loan, if you have the money, sigging the brokerage account? Remember, if you're in the live chat, we appreciate you. Send us your questions. We'll hit them live on the show saon Twitter. Alright, today's show is sponsored by our friends at public. Public is the investing platform for those who take it seriously. You can build a multi asset portfolio right on public dot com of stospoptions, crypto and more. You can also access industry leading yields like the 4.1% apy. You can earn your cash, no fees or minimums. But what sets public apart? AI isn't just a feature that's woven into the entire experience. From portfolio insights to earning call recaps, public gives you smarter context at every touch point. Plus, for a limited time, public is like your employer. 1% match on all ira rollover deposits, ira transfers and 400 1K rollovers. Fund your cut in five minutes. So let's find out more at public dot com slash atc. That's public dot com slash atc paid for by public investing. Full disclosures in the podcast description. Great show. Lots of good questions. Let's do it. All right, let's dive right in at first day. We've got we've got an international bin. It's pretty cool because we we know we see all the emails. We know we have a pretty decent international audience, but but it's cool to kick off a show with a question from Belgium. So here we got a question from Andy. I'm 25 and live in Belgium. I net €2000a month in a factory job and save 500 to a thousand euros a month. My net worth is 67, zero and I'm debt free. My goal is to grow this into 200 to €400000 in four to five years. That would allow me to relocate to Southeast Asia, ideally the Philippines, and start a business. This is a very specific dream. If you were like me at 25, debt free, with 67, zero euros net worth, what investing or allocation strategies would you prioritize to realistically reach 200 to 400, zero euros in four to five years? I did it. I didn't say pounds. All right. I have to give Andy heads up here. I did a bunch of number crunching form here and it's too hard for me to go find the euro button and put it in excel spice use dollar. So I'm sorry if that makes me ugly American, so be it. I really like, you're right. He has very specific golden mine here. I really like that he has a golden form himself stuff. He has a savings plan in mind. He's got a time horizon. He's got an end state in mind, the Philippines. And I don't know what the draw of the Philippines is in terms of quality of life. I've never been there before. All I know is that they have those really cool rocks, like the big rocks in the ocean that look like the floating rocks and avatar, right, that always make for a really cool movie. Highlights from the top, like you know more than me then, okay? The cost of living in the Philippines is much lower than it is for Belgium. I asked my research assistant, ChatGPT about this. Dan, throw up the chart here. Almost everything is much more expensive in Belgium that it is in the Philippines. I think the number I found, it's 50 to two thirds cheaper living in the Philippines that it is in Belgium. So these comparisons always require some context, but it does appear that it's much cheaper to live there. So maybe that's the draw. I don't know if he's trying to do a fire thing, but I like that he provided us all that details. So I'm gonna run some number. So Dan, let's do a chart on here on my next one. So I ran some numbers here. This is over a five year time frame. I looked at different monthly savings amounts, right? He said, 500 to a thousand dollars a month or euros I guess, but I'm using dollars. So I used 507, $51000 over a five year time horizon. I said, what if he earned 8%, 10% or 12%, right? Just to see what would work here. So you can see at the top end of the range, he's actually within spitting distance of his 200k goal, right? If he earns eight to 10% then and saves $1000a month, thousand euro a month. So I keep doing it. He's right there now to reach the high end, that's going to make it much more difficult, that 400k amount. So that's something saving something like 3500 to 4000a month or earning 30% annual returns for five years, probably not going to happen. So I could give all sorts of allocation and investment ideas, but you're probably not hitting the high end of your goal unless you really start making more money or hit on some sort of lottery ticket investment. Put all your money in oe calls. So you would have done well recently. You know, my advice would be to get the top end of your range for saving because, listen, you could take more risk in your portfolio. But like I said, youneed like 30% annual returns for five years. Good luck finding something that gives you that. And taking more risk could you know mean that you you really don't reach your goal if something goes wrong. So focus on the saving. That's the big thing. So making more money, saving as much as you can, that's the goal here. Hit the top end of your savings range over a short period of time. The savings matter way more than the compounding, right? If we're talking a ten or 15 or 20 year time horizon, then yes, the compounding makes more sense. But and Andy mentioned in the original question, but he lives at home right now. That's part of how he's able to save. Yeah so that's an important Yeah, we're getting an effective Tory job. So again, I love the fact that he's got this plan in mind. I'm living at home. I'm saving a majority of my income. So I think if you want to hit the top end of your range, you have to earn more money. And because I don't recommend just take you know taking flyers on it because then your whole dream could be gone. So here's another consideration though. What's holding you back from moving to the Philippines? Now you have almost 70, zero euros saved. Why wait? Couldn't you make money there? Like how much do you really need to start a business? It's a lot cheaper to be Hey, there is significantly cheaper though, too, right? If the cost of Yeah the cost it would have to be. But the great thing about remote work these days, depending on the type of business you can live anywhere, essentially, I don't know what kind of business planning to start because he works in a factory. Maybe it's something that's more physical and hands on. So I don't know if he's planning on that. But here's the thing, he's Young, he lives at home. He has the ability to be adventurous. Like you don't have to wait for some mythical number to make a move at 25, nothing holding you back. If you want to take a risk, move to the Philippines. Figure red out sooner. Like maybe when you hit 100k, then you go to the Philippines. Like don't wait five years for your life to happen, because I think you could always move home if things don't work out. Also, I'm going to assume if he's this devoted to this dream that he's done this. But I would definitely go spend some time in the Philippines before you before you up and try to move there, right? So you could you know take take off a week or two and go to the Philippines, see what you think? Yeah, Yeah. Is I think the way that I see it though is there's some life events that you're just never going to be completely ready for when it comes your finances. People always say that with I'll just have kids when I'm I'm ready financially, you're never going to be ready. Some things, you just have to take a leap of faith and figure it out as you go. This might be one of those times. Do it when you're 25 now, when you're 30, like do it now get lower, lower your expectation for your number unless you have a really specific idea in mind that you need to hit this number for. Do it now. Man, don't wait. Yeah, that's that's I wonder I wonder if the vacations is good in the Philippines. Belgium is probably one those countries where they like get three months off a year for vacation, right? Could be maybe. Yeah, you never worked. That's why they haven't had economic growth since like 1750 ancan, correct. Okay. Up next, we got a question from Jack. I know this is blasphemous to the market gods, but here it goes. What if we just don't have a recession for the rest of the decade? What this feels? So ty, just read it. What what if AI powers us through boosting spending, driving productivity and even helping absorb some slack in the labor market? What would that mean for market speculation, interest rates and investing? And yes, I left the m dash there so you could see I used AI to help me clean up this question. So Oh, okay, good, good usage of blaspmuous. I think that was in the original question. It was let's bring on our resident macro expert here, Kelly Cox, our chief investment strategist. Hey, Kelly, Edward hwealth, Hey, I do not appreciate the m dshlander by the way. I'm just saying it's soon. I used to be a journalist. I use it all this Yeah but people people now assume if you use an m dash, people soon and say, I now because chai know and it crushes my soul because I just got to be certain words. So you could, you just have to prompt chat tgpt to don't use it, right? So people can't tell. All right, Kelly, let's do a chart. First chart on here. Recessions don't happen nearly as often as they did in the past. So this is some chart had mad at exhibit a. You could see in the you know, early late nineth, early 20 entieth century, recessions happen quite often, and they were a lot longer. And now they're fewer and a far between, especially, I'd say, since like the 80s, the gaps between the recessions continues to keep growing. So I don't think that this question is completely unreasonable that we could go through an extended period of time without having a recession. However, is it a little too cute to assume that AI can just keep powering everything even if we have these other areas that slow down? That seems to me like that is a that's threading a needle in a balancing act, I think. Yeah. So when I saw this question and by the way, Ben, and I see these questions beforehand, no surprise there. My mind immediately went to the AI versus consumer spending balance. But Ben, actually, I love that your mind went to the timing and the frequency of recessions these days, because you're right, recessions just don't happen as often or haven't happened as often in the past several decades or so than they did before that. A lot of that is due to social security that became a thing in the 19 thirties, unemployment. We have these social safety nets that kind of almost cushioned the economy and cushioned consumers against, you know, the worst case scenario happening. But when it comes to AI versus consumer spending, I have a little bone to pick with everybody who thinks that AI can single hannedly hold up the economy, because I think that ignores the numbers that are at stake right now. Consumer spending is 70% of the us economy, a $16 trillion line item. When it comes to GDP, AI spending seems like it dominates a headlines and definitely dominates markets. But what it comes to GDP, the cold hard, what does it actually add to the economy? Right now it's around like 1.4 trillion or so. So I wonder if AI can really hold up the economy when it's peanuts compared to our financial decisions and people still need to spend money to make those AI investments worth it. Right? Right. And if consumer spending pulls back, then can you depend on that? AI spending? Do companies just you know keep spending like bonkers on a future technology when everything else is pulling back? I actually have numbers on this. So John, could you pull up the AI versus consumer spending? Yes. The or the robots are pulling the economy along? Yeah. So this, I feel like this is why the conversation is happening right now. In the first two quarters of the year, yes, AI spending actually grew more than consumer spending. And I think it was Neil gutta who put the Stat out. So shout out to him because it is a very good Stat. But once it came out, of course, the narrative started flying about you know, robots holding up the economy. Where would we be without AI? And I mean, I think I think you have to remember that there are two factors here. Consumer spending isn't growing that much, and AI spending is growing by a good bit. So what's more influential in the economy, it's consumer spending. You know, I really don't think you can have a healthy economy without a spending consumer. And I mean, that goes back to the job market and how we make money. So I would just question the degrees of size here. How about this for a thesis? AI would have an easier time sending us into a mild recession than it would propping up the economy for much longer. Like if if they realize that, Oh no, we've overspent by like $500 billion here. We in meta and Microsoft and Google all the same time, Hey, we're cutting back and nvidia sees missome expectations. That to me seems like the trickle into the economy could easily happen, especially with a slowing labor market already here as a that seems like a more likely scenario than AI just prepping, propping up the economy forever. Well, the connector there, it's interesting you say that the connector there is expectations, which are baked into the stock market. And I know we're gon na get to this a little bit later, but the wealth effect is absolutely a thing. People see their stock prices or their portfolios move higher. They feel better about the economy. You can see echoes like that and a bunch of different data sets. So you know I'd have to wonder the same thing. Is a sell off or a stock market sell off, especially concentrating in tech more of a self fulfilling prophecy, you know, maybe because maybe that chills, maybe that chills confidence enough for consumers to maybe pull back on spending. So Dave in the chat has a good question. He said, even if you knew a recession is coming, how would that impact your retirement decisions and asset allocation? And it's a good question because the timing of the stock market and a recession almost never line up. Like the stock market is forward looking, but the stock market is actually not very good at like predicting recessions right in like falling in advance of a recession. And a lot of times, we'll already have been in a technical recession before the stock market even falls because we don't really know that we're in it for later. And I think you could also say, because the stock market is moving so much faster for these days, the stock market could price in a recession way quicker and come out of it faster than it did in the past. And so I think especially trying to time the stock market would be really difficult. I mean, the easiest one would, if you had that headline in advance, would be, well, I'm going na take some duration risk in my fixed income or something like that under the assumption rates are going to fall. But other than that, trying to time the market based on the timing of the recession is not an easy thing to do. Yeah. So I pulled some data around this bin end and you actually see the stock market top out before we enter a recession. And it's really funky, right? Because the definition of a recession is named by this board called the National Bureau of Economic Research. And they tend to say that was a recession about a year after it ends. So it's this funky thing where we're relying on a board of nerds to you know tell us when the economy is not okay based on some certain quantitative measures. But if you line up past nber defined recessions relative to the stock market, then usually the market does top out or it does start falling before that recession starts. But I mean, I would even dial down what you said a little bit, Ben, because you hit on it, right? But take a step back and just make sure that you're prepared for whatever comes next. I mean, I threrow a chart in the document, John. You want to throw it up recessions and selops yet. So a recession historically has been one of the worst things that can happen to a stock portfolio. I mean, been it's been the cause of some of the most vicious seloffs we've seen or the product of some of the most vicious seloffs we've seen. So it's I mean, I know this is really tough, but think I think it's important to make a crash plan before it happens. A little like if stock prices fall 20%, how does this affect my life? How does this affect my portfolio? What steps can I take to either capitalize or defend myself from what's going on here? And it's easier said than done, but it's putting those specifics on paper and really holding yourself to them when it happens, knowing that a recession is this all encompassing thing that affects your friends, your family, your favorite pizza place down the street, you just really wreaks havoc on your emotions. Yeah. I think your preparation is more on a personal finance side of things, and it is on your portfolio. For most people, that's that's easier and smarter to do than it is trying to hedge something and not know the timing. I'll do another question. Nobody wants to get catfished by dating profiles or big wireless carriers with hidden fees. Your one match visible wireless, it's one line wireless with unlimited data and hotspot for just lar 25a month, taxes and fees included. Now that's a Green flag. And it's fully digital so you can switch as fast as you swipe. Tap the banner to learn more terms, apply. See visible. Com for plan features and network management details. This episode is brought to you by indeed. Stop waiting around for the perfect candidate. Instead, use indeed sponsred jobs to find the right people with the right skills fast. It's a simple way to make sure your listing is the first candidate. C. According to indeed data, sponsred jobs have four times more applicants than non sponsored jobs. So go build your dream team today with indeed get a lar 75 sponsorjob credit at indeed com slash podcast. Terms and conditions apply. Okay, up next, we got a question from Jeremy. I'm trying to wrap my head around how interconnected our financial systems have become. I can max out my jp Morgan chase credit card to fund a coinbase wallet by speculative assets like Trump coin or farcoin with a 1 million dolmarket cap. Sorry, Michael, that's an amspirits reference for those of you new here. And use those to qualify for a Federal Housing loan per fh faa's decision allowing Fannie and Freddy to consider crypto and mortgage assessments. Add to that the trillions and 400 1K assets now eligible for aulike crypto and private equity per President Trump's recent executive order. Are v speculative systems getting too intertwined? Is this the new normal for markets? Or are we riding into the Wild West of finance? Covid sparked some crazy trends, but this feels next level. How should a retail investor play this crazy financial landscape? And this is a really good question. It's really like well written and thought out. And I think this is maybe one of the legacies of the great financial crisis, which is when a lot of people had this aha moment of like, Oh my gosh, this stuff is really all tied together in a way that we never really thought before. Everything is becoming more financialized. And he's right. The 2020s has taken this probably to another level. Let's show chart had Matt's recent chart we've been talking about before we do that, bge, you need to disclose sure, your farcoin or Trump coin holdings before we discuss this or I hope that wasn't in a trust for the kids. No, no, not not a holder there. So this charkmatt made this just showing that the wealth effect, meaning like the impact of the stock market on your net worth is it's been rising and it's it's more interconnected with households. And I know some people look at this as being a bad thing. I almost think of it Cali a's like a nuclear war thing, where like it's almost like a mutually assured destruction idea. Yes, the financial system and financial assets are more important than ever, but everyone is also kind of ruwing in the same direction. So like that, Yeah, the downturns are going to be more painful because more people are involved. But by nature of these systems and assets being more important, they're people pay more attention to them and they're more important to the government. And we almost can't allow we have to throw them a lifeline in some ways. And I think my take is that the fact that everything's more interconnected is actually a good thing, even though it could lead to quicker and swifter downturns in that the government is more comfortable stepping in or they've set that precedent where they have to step in and provide a safety net. Yeah, no. To some people, that sounds like no free markets. Leave them alone. But I think the stock market is so important now to everyone's retirement and and most so many people's net worth that the fact that it's all interconnected means everyone is kind of on the same team. Me here. Yeah. I like the way that you put it, by the way, for my free markets, people, remember again, social security and unemployment benefits are safety nets as well. They're not that much different than what we're talking about here. Those things didn't exist in the Great Depression. And were they were they came because of that? And that's why Yeah that's why the Great Depression happened. Yeah. I mean, this is the wealth effect again, right? It's you know seeing everything happening around you, especially in your portfolio and then making decisions off the back of that. Yeah they make downturns hurt a little, hurt more, but you do that at the expense or that happens at the expense of you know consumers and the average investor being more educated about markets than ever. You know there's a reason why we got this question. It's because we're you know people understand markets more than ever before. And I think there are a lot of positives to that. Of course, I don't want a crash to happen and I don't want it to be painful. It probably will because that's just the eflow of markets. But Yeah, he's right. Yeah the next the next financial crisis, whatever causes it, is probably going to be very painful, right? The actual if it's debt growing or excesses in some part of the economy when that downturn hits, it's going to be painful for way more people than it was in the past. But again, my whole thinking here is just that the bull markets always you know take over the bear markets. The bear markets are painful, but the bull markets more than make up for them. And that's kind of my line of thinking here. Yeah easier easier put down on a spreadsheet than actually lived through. But Yeah Yeah I mean, absolutely. When I read this question, my first thought was, Oh my God, please do not make crypto purchases on a credit card. But I know that's not the point. I think that's the right thesis. And Yeah, I think the global financial crisis really framed that up for people. It put the possibility of this this like internal destruction or this internal like system destruction possibility in our heads. Would you say in general that people are more willing to hold a stock trading at you know, 2530p during a downturn instead of 400p? You're giving us an oly no, no, no Valuation Update. No, no, no. I'm just I'm wondering like because right now you hear all these stories about people piling into these stocks that are buany you know metric super super frothy, I guess as you say, and Yeah like aren't people just gonna to dive out of those as soon as the market, correct. And I that would certainly seems possible. What you see it is hard to sort of separate the fact that a lot of stuff that's happening right now with speculation feels very frothy and bubbly in terms of what happened in the past versus how much of that is just to Kelly's point, people are just more willing and accepting of risk these days and the retail investors so much more involved. And it's hard to separate those things and understand what is here to stay versus what is just a flavor of the moment. And I don't have a good answer for it, to be honest. Yeah, it's really hard to compare moments of like speculation and frought across history because you just have so many changing conditions. This time is different. Yes, I'm saying it, but gosh, what was I going say? Oh, Yeah. But technically, like yes, if you look back at corrections, especially corrections and sell offs around economic weakness, and Yeah you see the higher valued stocks get hit a little bit harder. So and it is sell that that I've been the point that I've been making lately is that you had that recession chart earlier, the Covid recession, while seemingly painful, and the unemployment rate went to 15% or whatever. So much money was thrown at it so quickly did it felt like a recession for like three weeks, right? It wasn't a real economic downturn that had lasting impact, right? The labor market came back very quickly. The stock market came back right away. You know it's been more than 15 years since we experienced an actual economic contraction. And so it's hard to say how many of these new habits are going to be here until we go through another one of those. And so that's that's the hard part is like you know how are people actually going to react? It's been so long we don't really know. I mean, you can look at the past and human nature and all these things and get a pretty good sense, but I think it's that's gonna to be really interesting when we have an actual recession, like how bad do people freak out? Yeah and how quickly do the natural safety nets come back in to save us? Because Covid happened and there was a lot of money thrown at the problem. But then we had inflation right after that. And there were I feel like there's a lot of scars that are gonna to linger there for a while Yeah for the Rick I'm gonna head Dunken's biggest portfolio hedge ges at 9:11Porsche for the record bin I just looked it up in the public app and oy's p is negative 2.62 definitely not 400 negative. I don't know how negative pe is possible but I mean wait negative, negative nowhere to go but that's that sounds cheap to me. Yeah, they're not. I don't I guess they're not profitable, right? Yeah, Yeah. Well, could go wrong. All right, next question. All right, up next, we have a courfrom Joe. I'm a retail investor with five core equity positions stocks have held for up to a decade and plan to hold long term. I've been fortunate to see large gains in some like Microsoft, which I bought in 2013. Not bad. I'm looking for ways to protect my gains without selling calls or buying puts on individual names. With the market's big run up and low volatility, I'm starting to get concerned, especially with September coming, a fed meeting ahead and traders returning. I'm still bullish long term, but I feel like I need some insurance against a Spike in volatility or a sharp correction in the next couple of months. What are your thoughts on buying puts in indices like spy voo or qqq? What about calls on the vix? I think we've gotten some form of this question at least once a week for the past three or four months. Yeah, it's and it's the same stacks, right? I own nvidia or I own Tesla or own Microsoft or one of these big tech stocks, and I've owned them for a while and it made a ton of money. And I know I should probably take some off the table and I should probably diversify, but boy, what if it keeps going up? And I can't, it's so hard to understand. I should probably sell, but I really don't want to. And again, so this this is a total bull market question, right? Like I have all these gains. And Yeah, I know something could go wrong, but I don't want na sell. What if, what if it keeps going up? So I think a lot of the solutions here, I think they're I'm all about finding ways to be more efficient as an investor, but I also like to don't, I don't like to add degrees of difficulty to things. And sometimes the easiest thing you can do is just sell a little and rebalance and maybe hold more cash instead of like trying to come up with this this beautiful hedge that is going na work perfectly. I think the easiest way to dampen the volatility of your portfolio is just to hold more fixed income or cash. And if that means you have to sell some shares, then you have to come to terms of that. I think Yeah, Ben, we think pretty, pretty similarly in this area. I will say, though, I read this question, and sometimes when I get questions, I take like a nerd approach. And I think through numbers, I think through historical precedent, stuff like that. I read this question and I got the vibe of a best friend who just needs to sit you down at the table and you know, have an honesty conversation with you. My first question to myself, to the writer, would be, why are you holding these in the first place? You say in the question, you're a long term holder. So what do short term pullbacks mean to you if you are a long term holder? I'm assuming you're holding these stocks because you think that they're you think that the companies are good, that their quality, you know that you think that they can run for a really long time on their ideas. So if a pullback happens, number one, would you want to buy more? I know that would be emotionally painful. I'm talking off with a spreadsheet instead of how itfeel in real life. But why do you feel the need to hedge in the first place? And if you are hedging, why jump to options as your first choice? You know are there price targets in mind that you want na aim for? Like do you want to sell? I'm sorry, I forgot the stocks already. Do you want to sell a good video? That's that's a great point. That timer horizing thing because buying buying a stock at any time is is really easy, right? If it's down, I'm buying it because I'm looking for value. If it's up, I'm buying because of momentum, it's gonna to keep going up. But I've never really heard of anyone with a good sell discipline, right? There's no like good worn Buffett books out there about when to sell a stock. No one has a great process for selling a stock because it's hard to put a time horizon or a cap on it. And we've seen stocks that have I've just continued to rise throughout the years and make people look foolish for jumping off. So to your point, this is almost the kind of thing you have to predetermine. Like at a certain percentage of your portfolio or a certain level, the stock hits, I'm going to trim back. And if you don't have those preset rules, then you're really just guessing you don't have a plan, right? And that's that's to your point. Are you going to that's why having an asset allocation is so important, I think, for financial decisions, because it's so much easier to lean into the pain when things do fall. Well, here's my preset allocation. I'm going to get back to it, or I have a certain threshold for these stocks. If one of these stocks is 10% or more of my portfolio, I'm trimming it back. If all of these stocks collectively are 50% of my portfolio, I'm bringing it back down to 40. Whatever it is, if you don't have those preset rules in advance, you're just guessing and you're hedging in hopes that you time a correction, which good luck with that. Yeah. It's all about setting targets. The target can be a price on a stock. It can be a technical level, if you're so inclined to that. It can be asset allocation, a percent of your portfolio. But set set the numbers before you need to and let the numbers dictate what you need to do. I mean, I don't hate I don't hate options as hedge for certain investors, I think it could be smart if you have price targets in mind. Vix calls are hard. Please don't please understand what you're doing when you're trading vix options. The vix is a 30 day gauge of S&P options prices. So you're not exactly you kind of are, but you're not exactly hedging against a market downturn because you're really hedging the second derivative of that. So leave leave vix options to the professionals. But you know think about think about the reasons why you're asking this question first. What makes me nervous about all these hedging strategies is I've seen so many of these etf's that are supposed to help you hedge and they all look awful over every period of time that I can look at them. And so I'm just like, these people know way more about it than me. How how am I gonna to do a better job of hedging hedging the market than these professionals that run the hard hedging? It's like it's like paying insurance premium right over the long term, by definition, they're going to be terrible investments, but it's just these one times when volatility spikes or a downturn happens. But I owned one of them during the, I bought one of them at the beginning of you know the last like crazy correction and it still it dropped just not as much. I was just like, what why am I owning this thing that's supposed to hedge you know downturns if it's still gonna to drop? Like I'll just take my chances with I still think cash is the easiest hedge for most people and it causes the least amount of brain damage. Yeah, Yeah because you know exactly what's gonna to do. Yep. Yeah you can hold it, I think. But the thing that I hear a lot there from people that have owned Tesla, paler views, names, is like, Yeah, they would have sold many times along the way, right? And now it's just ballooned these massive positions. So the mindset kind of like it's worked this far. Like why would I stop trusting it now? Which. You know I mean, I can understand but it's also Yeah trees don't grow to the sky as as they say, I guess but I get the line of thinking too for sure. You've got 15 years of evidence here. It's a more all up next we got a question from Zach. I've just taken on a $66000 auto loan over the wife of the loan will pay $8000 in interest for a total cost of $74000. We're able to pay the loan in full today from a brokerage account that has 118, zero dollars in voo and qqqm. I do look that one up. Running a simple investment return calculation. Wait, what is that? The equal weighit's? So it's it's the cues. But like market cap, something something is different with the market cap. I can't I can't remember exactly what it said. It's equal weighted. I don't think it's equal, but Yeah, it said something like modified market cap, whatever that means. Running a simple investment return calculation, leaving the $118000 invested would return a total investment of $173381 over five years at a conservative 8% return with no additional investments, paying off the loan and leaving $52000 and investing the monthly payment of $1245 back into the market with the same assumptions would yield $163951. The math seems queer to Carry the loan and stay invested, but how do you weigh the mental tax of carrying a large loan? Extra context, we have roughly dollar, $325000 invested in 401 ks and other brokerage accounts. Zach to me here, seems like a spreadsheet warrior. And if you're a spreadsheet warrior and you're staring at a 1200 monthly car payment, you're probably going, Oh my gosh, what are we doing here? This is tough. And obviously, they've ran all the numbers. And my thinking is sometimes there has to be a separation of troops and state between investing in personal finance decisions. Sometimes those things come together. Sometimes I think you want na keep them separate. I tend to lean on the Charlie Munger piece here that the first rule of compounding is never interrupted unnecessarily and and constantly pulling from your investments to pay these kind of things off. I think it's I don't know. I think it's it's a little it's almost a little too much for me. I think sometimes you have to just be okay if I can you know handle the debt burden on this loan and make the monthly payments and it's gonna na be fine, I'm gonna na leave my investments alone. An I don't think you wanna do this for every personal finance decision is kind of how I look at it. Yeah, my my first and most important motto in my life. And you know I'm sure many people have this mantra as sanity over everything. If it's bothering you, if it's something that sticks in your brain, is just rent free in your brain, then pay it off. But mathematically, that probably wouldn't be the right answer. And hello, spreadsheet warrior, you've probably already run these numbers, but it looks like your auto loan interest rate is in the high fours. If you run an amortization on it and high four, you like backed into that base on the interest. So that's actually not terrible. That's not no, that's not a bad rate at all, especially given where interest rates are right now. I mean, that's you can get that on some longer bonds. So you know I think from a purely mathematical perspective, then like yes, get that rate on your stock market investments, get that rate on a fixed income investment. Think of it like seesaw, what you're paying out versus what you're bringing in. But if this loan is just sitting in the back of your brain and it's making you miserable, then paid off. Yes. I think this would be an easier decision to just say paid off if it was a much longer term loan, but car loans or not that you know as long as take out like A I mean isn't your an personal finance 101 kind of in general you want as much money today you can possibly have investors possible like I'm bamoney, right? So I mean, Yeah, Yeah but Yeah, I guess we have a sht on this. Yeah. Okay, let's say, well, it's Nick's chart, Nick magjulie chart, but chart on Yeah so Nick magjolie actually ran the number numbers on this a while ago, several years ago. I built a suppmodel on this years ago, confirmed it. But Yeah, lump sum investing put but keeping all your money in the market at once almost consistently outperforms dollar cost averaging. But again, from a human perspective, it's not as easy to like leave a bunch of money in the market and take on all that risk besides like dribbling in a little bit at a time. Yeah. So that that money in the brokerage right now, that's your lump sum? Yeah, exactly. Yeah. I think that's just also just paying off a loan and leaving it alone an instead of then dollar cost averaging back into the market. And I think it's just easier, right, getting rid of the mental tax. Jeffrey in the chat says, Ben is definitely getting a Porsche. Never gonna happen. I can't wait. I'm not not like a convertible guy. I'll get like a Jeep Wrangler would be my only car dream thing. I don't not well remember this clip for when you're driving around at a Porsche. Duncan, I didn't know you were a carcaller. Oh Yeah. Oh wow. Learn something new about you. Yeah whenever Barry comes on the show, Duncan can't wait to talk about cars. You just he lights up talking about because he's an F1 guy. I send Barry photos of cool cars this year round. So Yeah, we have everyone everyone last week thought that the the guy car porse, that's a formula e car. Everyone Yeah someone had said, I'm getting a Honda court. That's that's my dream car. Once I get rid of these kids, go to couch. Great car. But Yeah. So Kelly, tell everyone where they can find your newsletter. Yeah. Well, thanks for having me on. First of all, this is always a blast. You can find my newsletter. It's called optimistic Cali. It's the name that you see right there. Optimistic Cali com. You can find me on Twitter, Instagram, blue sky, all those places. LinkedIn. Perfect. Yeah. Subscribe to the compound because we are getting very close to 200000. Hey, where's my koala? Come on. I just said it. He said, subscribe, Dan. There it is. All right. Email us. Ask the compound show gmo com. Thanks everyone on the live chat. As always, thanks to Kelly Duncan and everyone on the production team. Almost two, 600 people watching live today between Twitter and YouTube. All right. Thanks everyone. See you next time. Nice. See you, everyone. Thanks for listening to ask the compound. All opinions expressed by Ben Carlson, Duncan hill and any of their guests are solely their own opinions and do not reflect the opinion of redholds wealth management. This podcast is for informational purposes only and should not be relied upon for any investment decisions. Clients of ridholds wealth management may maintain positions in the securities discussed in this podcast.
