---
ticker: NET
type: podcast_transcript
title: "408: Net Worth Of $10M+ - Retired at 34. Mocked by Wall Street. Now He's Rich, Free, and Right"
podcast: ""
date: 2025-05-06
audio_url: https://pdst.fm/e/pscrb.fm/rss/p/traffic.libsyn.com/secure/millionairesunveiled/408_-_Sam.mp3?dest-id=602409
language: auto
chars: 54771
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# 408: Net Worth Of $10M+ - Retired at 34. Mocked by Wall Street. Now He's Rich, Free, and Right

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2025-05-06

---

## Transcript

And it's a struggle. So I'm trying to tell myself, well, actually, the losses help accumulate wealth. Good job. But then the reality is it stinks, it hurts. It feels like time wasted. But what I've tried to do is say, look, I lost boatloads when the mark was down 20% in April 20, 25. And I thought, and I told myself, look, better to spend more of your wealth now than let the market take it away. So the irony is that during bear are markets, I like to spend more money because I'm trying to race against the market, trying to spend down my money for me, with me getting nothing in return, right? And the other thought process is the focus on return on effort. Roe, not return on equity, but return on effort. So in a bull market, you want to work hard, save, invest aggressively to make your fortune. You've got this window. Usually it's three to seven years in a bear market. And what you want na do is you want na spend and enjoy life, kick back, don't work as hard. Because if you're working harder in a bear market and you're losing money, your return on effort is going down, is just a waste. So the only way to improve your return on effort is to do less, to do nothing and to spend your money. And that's kind of the ironic opposite thinking, but this is the type of thinking that I've embraced during bad times. Welcome millionaires and future millionaires. You're listening to the millionaires unveil podcast, the show where you'll hear the stories and interviews of everyday millionaires will unveil their decisions, their strategies and their portfolio allocation. Nadier host Jace Mattinson. Welcome back to another 7 million infvelpodcast. This is episode of 408. This is the podcast where we dive deep into the inspiring stories of self made millionaires from all walks of life. We are your host, Jason Stacey. And each week we uncover the strategies, setbacks and turning points that led these individuals to financial freedom. Whether you're just starting out or looking to level up your wealth building journey, join us as we share the secrets and wisdom from those who have built their fortunes for the ground up. Get ready to learn, be inspired and take actionable steps towards your own success. I hope everybody enjoyed some tacos yesterday or whatever you needed to celebrate sinco de Mayo. I know it's not a big holiday for some, but in my household it's an a taco lover like me. It is a holiday, especially on a Monday. So sorry for the day delay on the launch of the episode, but we were enjoying sicada mile. And today, actually, before getting today's guest, which I'm super excited about, if youlike to be on the show, send us an email millionveiled at gmail dot com. Always look for looking for new, great, entertaining guests willing to share their stories. And if you haven't heard your story, welove to have you. Even if you have heard your story or something similar, wealso love to have you looking to interview millionaires across the world. And Yeah with that, this week we've got financial samurai Sam with a net worth of over $10 million. He retired at the kind of right after the financial crisis, really, with a net worth of just over three. And that has substantially grown. We get into the details of what he's done with his portfolio. His mindset shifts. And he just came out with a new book that is very relevant to our audience called millionaire milestones. And we're gonna na give away copy. So if youlike a copy, if youlike to enter yourself in the drawing, shoot me an email at millionaires invbtle at gmail dot com and put in millionaire milestones in the subject line and we'll get you entered in for that drawing of a free book from from from Sam, the financial samurai. So gonna be a great episode of him. And without any further delay, let's get right into it, guys, that show we have Sam from financial samurai. Sam, why don't you give us a little update what's going on in your life? Hey, how's it going? Jgood seeing you again. I am about to publish a new book. It should be out. It's called millionaire milestones, simple steps to seven figures. And it's about building more wealth than 93% of the American population. So you can be free to do what you want sooner rather than later. Dang, man, a new book. And this is your second, I believe. Is that correct? Yes. Second, traditionally published book. I self published another book called how to engineer your layoff in 2:12 when I was able to negotiate a severance package and leave my finance job behind. And that's since been updated six times. Wow, that's awesome. So we couldn't get you on the show without getting a net worth update. So where does the net worth stand today? Well, I have never revealed my exact net worth after saying 3 million when I retired in 2012, but 98% of my net worth was invested in risk assets like stocks and real estate. And if you put something like a six or 7% compound annual growth rate from 2012 to today, that 3 million has grown to over eight and a half million today, and that's just from that. So one of the things that is amazing is that once you have accumulated your nest egg, the compounding really starts growing. And it can surprise you after several good years like we saw in 2023 and 2024. So pretty safe to say you're approaching or near the eight figure mark or over it. What do you think about allocation from, I guess, the time period of 2012 to today? Have you adjusted any of that? Have you doubled down on one asset class versus another? Has it been kind of the same steasince 20012? So my net worth breakdown, I've always tried to target between 25 to 35% in public equities and then some around 35% to 50% in physical real estate and up to 20% in alternatives, more specifically private real estate and venture capital. And I've kept the public equities at around 28 to 30, 28 to 35% since 2012. And part of the reason why it's not bigger is because I used to work in investment banking and equities in particular. And my goal was to try to diversify as much away from stocks, because my career, my bonus, everything was dependent on the equities market. So I invested heavily and real estate with as much of my income and bonuses that I could. What I am trying to invest more in is venture capital. So here in San Francisco, where I am, it is AI mania. Every single day, it doesn't matter where you go, coffee shop, golf, whatever it is, bookstore, you'll hear people talking and coding AI stuff. And so I can't help but get caught up in that. And I don't know if we're in some mega bubble, but what I do know is that AI is going to kill millions of jobs in the future. It's going to make life harder for our children to get well paying jobs. I've already got rid of my dad, who is the editor for financial samurai for ten years. And now my wife doesn't really edit much because, you know, I can use the editors in ChatGPT and Claude to do the work. And so I see the writing on the wall. It is so obvious to me that life is going to get much more difficult and more competitive for our children. So I decided I am going na be investing in private AI companies and the publicly traded tech companies that invest in AI, so that just in case there is no hope for our children in the future, my private AI and public AI investments will do well. So that's what I'm thinking about right now. I want to dive into this breakdown a little bit. So let's go to the public equities. Do you I mean, traditional 400 1K iras, is that something that you started with you know back when you were working on Wall Street and have continued? Or is have you kind of moved away from those, put more into a brokerage account or kind of how do you think about that? So I advise everybody to try to max out their 400 1K as soon as they possibly can. And if you're not, if the amount of money you're saving and investing doesn't hurt, doesn't alter the way you change your spending habits every single month, you're not saving enough because way too many people will just wing it when it comes to their finances. They're not intentional. They don't save and invest until it hurts every single month, and then ten years later, they wonder where all their money went, right? So that is the basic minimum to max out your 400 1K. If you can contribute to a Roth ira because your income limit is below the limit that the Irsays you can contribute, you should do that as well. But then once that is done, that is a basic core. Everybody should become 400 1K millionaires by the time they're 60. Really, what you want to do is max those out and then try to save an additional 20% or more of your income in taxable brokerage accounts because a taxable brokerage accounts are unlimited. And in terms of contribution, there's no early withdrawal penalty. And those are the accounts that will generate passive income to help you retire early or do whatever you want sooner. So this is really important. Don't just focus on the tax advantage retirement accounts. I recommend trying to build, is this your ultimate target, a taxable brokerage account that's worth at least two times, ideally three times as much as your tax advantaged accounts? And have you been able to kind of stick with that 20% yourself in terms of putting that money in the brokerage every year since essentially you you engineered your first layoff? Good question. So while I was working, I got that up to 60, 70%, just all in taxable brokerage counts and rental properties. And since I left, my income decline the first year. Well, actual income declined probably about 80% because I had passive investment income by then, about $80000. But then I also had a severance package that I reinvested in the stock market. And then I started working on financial samurai more full time, about 20 hours a week. And so that grew. So I've always kept my saving rate actually at least 50% ever since 2012. So it's almost kind of debilitating in a way. It's like inertia where I'm so used to saving over 50% and it's hard for me to stop. But yes, I've actually maintained that because I lowered my spending for the first couple years after I left in 2012, but then the income started coming back because of financial samurai and other activities. It's pretty amazing. And if people aren't familiar with your journey, they've got to go check out your blog and a lot of the literature that you put out because it is it is quite remarkable what what you've been able to do and the mindset shift you know that occur to leave lower expending, continue to invest and then seeing the you know the income skyrocket. Talk to us a little bit about the whole to invest in in real estate and continue to do so even after you left working on Wall Street and didn't have kind of that risk potentially of investing in public equities, right? Well, it's interesting because I worked on Wall Street for 13 years, specifically in equities. I saw the boom of 2000 and then the bust. You know, my sandwich shop pmaker is bragging to me, you know it was worth $2 million, $3 million while he's making sandwiches, right? And then he lost it all because he invested all in Internet stocks and on margin. So I was jaded by that. I was highly affected by that. But then the real negative impact was in 2000 82009 during the global financial crisis, where I lost about maybe 40% of my net worth in six months. That took ten years to build. And so for me, equities is a type of funny money. You can make it, but it's funny money because it doesn't provide utility, doesn't give you any joy unless you just like looking at numbers on a screen. You have to sell occasionally to buy something to improve the quality of your life. Otherwise there's no point investing in equities. So for real estate, I like real estate because it's understandable. You can do things to improve it. It rides the inflation wave, and there's tax benefits. If you think about real estate, just your own home, you have the optionality of seeing it grow in wealth and value. You can raise your family, protect your family, and you can improve upon it. And over this time period, you can pay down your mortgage and pay down your debt and you'll have four savings and you grow your wealth, and then ten years later, you'll probably be worth a lot more. So for real estate, it's very easy to understand and you actually can take some action to improve upon it. And so in terms of rental properties, you know it's not for everybody obviously, but if you can ride that inflation wave with real estate, I think you're gonna to do very well in the future. And it's much less volatile. Just look at 2025Liberation Day. Stocks meltdown 20%. It's just here today, gone tomorrow. But with real estate, at least there's a much more steady component. And as you grow wealthier and as you grow older, I think you want more stability and you don't want na have all this exposure to things too much outside of your control. Yeah, makes sense. You said something really interesting, you know about investing in real estate and and spending downer or or using some of that cash that maybe you put in your brokerage from a strategy standpoint. Do you typically kind of save up in your brokerage account for a real estate deal that maybe you want na buy in a year or two from now? Or how do you think about what you do you know as it relates to buying and purchasing real estate? Yeah, I think about it in terms of time horizon and how much risk I wanna take. The farther out the time horizon is to purchase a property, the more risk I can take if I'm planning on buying a property within six months. 90% of it is in treasury bonds, treasury bills or money market funds. And thankfully, they're both yielding over 4% risk free, which is amazing, right? Just four years ago, you know you would get 0.25%. So right now, it's great to be a saver and have a lot of cash because rates are still pretty strong. And if you can buy property with cash, you can generally get a better deal or be more competitive in a competitive bidding situation. So if the property is three years out, I'm probably investing 70% of it plus in public equities, stocks and then maybe maybe the rest in treasury bills. But I'm more aggressive. But as time gets closer, six months or less, it's going mostly to cash. Have you pulled any out of that brokerage to spend on something that isn't another investment or for utility in your personal life? You know, you know, my the best, the best purchase I've made, material purchase was a hot tub that was $15000 and it was a lifesaver during Covid. I brought my son there. It was like a great outing was it's at of rental property, my old property and we just enjoyed it and spend one, two hours together and we bonded and had a great time. It was like mixing up things and giving us things to do. But really what I try to do is be disciplined where the money bucket is for the future, for retirement, for whatever specifics that I want paying for my kids education. So I'm not gonna to take it and spend it on stupid things I don't need or things that don't appreciate potentially in value. I will generally use my brokerage account as a vehicle with a specific purpose to buy something. And many of those things are usually new primary residences. I like the strategy of living in your primary residence for two, three, four or five, ten years. However, however much time it takes for you to save up for that next down payment for your upgrade home, for example, and then you rent out your primary residence, your old residence, and you live in your new residence and you just keep on doing that in over a 30 year career, you can amass easily four, five, six, seven properties. And I think by then you'll probably be set for life. Yeah, I think average the average person moves every five to seven years. So Yeah, I mean, over 30, 40 year time horizon, if you really are moving every you know five to seven years, you can easily end up with six to ten properties, possibly. How many times have you done that? Oh, I've done that many, many, many times. I first started in 2003, bought another property. In 2005, bought a vacation property. Mistymed. In 2007, bought another property. Let's see, seven, two, 14, another property in 2019, 2020 and 2023. So I'm done. I have climbed to the top of the property ladder that I want to climb because with real estate, it's never ending. You can always buy more expensive Aldon't. I mean, there are like $100 million properties out there. It's crazy, right? And so it actually feels amazing to get to the top of the property ladder lung that you want to climb. And it's just it's a relief actually, now that I think about it, because all this time I've been saving, investing in the brokerage count, investing so that I could one day have enough of a down payment or maybe cash payment to buy a nicer home. And as you know, when you have family, as a father, you want to just provide, provide, provide for your family and you want to offer the nicest home that you can provide for them. And it's just kind of like a duty that we have. And so we got there in 2023, and I feel great. I'm not necessarily happier, but what I am is more satisfied that I've done my duty as a father. And so now not every single dollar is earmarked for a nicer home, a more expensive home. It's now earmarked more for education as career insurance, just in case they can't get into a good college or find a job or you know, AI blows them up and is so actually, in a way, I still am investing partially in these private AI companies through various funds, but it's not as intense now in terms of investing anymore. I'm now in the more deccumulation phase, or I'm trying to be now that I'm gonna to be 48 years old in summer 2025, and I'm trying to be more intentional to my spending. Stace, you know when we first started selling online, I thought the hardest part was going to be finding the right product. But it turns out selling, actually converting visitors into buyers is the real challenge. That's where Shopify completely changed the game. Before Shopify, I was juggling too many tools, dealing with clunky checkouts and constantly chasing a Andy carts. Now got one platform that powers everything, beautiful storefront, smooth checkout, mobile friendly. It just works. And that's the chching sound when sale comes through. Still gives me chills. Shopify isn't just an e -commerce tool, it's the business behind the business. It powers household names like thrive cosmetics, death wish coffee, even skiims by Kim Kardashian. And there's a reason nobody does selling better than Shopify. They've got the number one checkout on the planet. And with Shopay, conversions jump up to 50%. That means fewer abandoned cards and a lot more of this. And because Shopify lets you sell everywhere, online, in person, on social, at events, your business meets your customers wherever they're scrolling and sclling, it's no secret. Businesses that want to grow, grow as Shopify. Upgrade your business and get the same checkout. Thrive cosmetics and Schim's used with Shopify. Sign up for your one dolper month trial period at Shopify com slash unveiled all lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com unveiled to upgrade your selling today. That's Shopify dot com slaunveiled. I want I want to get to that in just a second because I think you've you know, this is a topic that I feel like, especially people with your age and older, it's something that I feel like we discuss and it and it comes up more often. But before we get into the intentional spending piece, as you were going on this property accumulation journey, did you sell any of them along the way or all of them still rentallds for you today? So I did. In 2017, I had a single family home that we lived in for almost ten years. And this was a home that I thought I would raise at least one child in. We bought it in 2005. But you know, career got in the way, biology got in the way, and our children never came. So we owned a three bedroom, two bath, like two 100 square foot home with like a garden room. And it was too big for just the two of us. It was kind of wasted space. And what happened was we ended up buying a smaller house in 2014 and renting out this house. And it was a great rental in terms of income that was generating seven to 75 to $8200a month. And it was very positive cash flow. But the problem was, I was all the tenants were four or five dudes, and they would convert the living room into a bedroom. And it was in this area called the marina district, which is kind of like the Young hip crowd and a lot of parties and all that, you know, so I'd have complaints my neighbors, for my neighbors, that my tenants were running across the roofs during Fleet Week when the Blue Angels were flying over. You know, it was just crazy. There was damaging the property. And after, you know, two, three sets of tenants, three years of that, I decided that was not for me. So I sold that property for a very good profit. I bought it for 1.5 and I sold it for 2.74. And I reinvested all those proceeds, about 1.8 million, into 100% passive investments, private real estate 30%, stocks 30%, and municipal bonds about 30%. And I sold it. And I felt like a failure, frankly, when I sold it, because I thought this was going to be the property that would really boost our retirement income. But I just couldn't hold on because I was a new father in 2017. And I said, you know what? I want na dedicate my time raising my son instead of dealing with these tenants who were giving me a lot of headache. Interesting. So let's let's shift gears here a little bit. Talk to us a little bit about the intentional spending. When did that flip switch for you a little bit? And what have you done to get more intentional about your spso? I'm let's just call me 48 now. I became intentional about deccumulating wealth at the age of 45. So in two, 22, and I think the intention was, well, Covid stung, right? 20, 20Covid was terrible. We're losing a lot of money in the stock market. But then thankfully, it came back. 2021 was not that good. And then 2022, I think I started feeling a little bit more relief. You know, there's the vaccine and I don't know, things are opening up. People weren't getting fired as much anymore. There were like stimulus. And it felt like in 2022, life was getting back to normal. And that was also the age of I turned 45. And 45 is a little bit over halfway to death, right? The median life expectancy is 80 for men, maybe 82, 83 for women. And I don't think we can be bold enough to say we're going to outlive the median. And so I said, at 45, I'm going to start being more intentional with spending not working as hard. I mean, I didn't work very hard, but you know, when you're locked down, you might as well work. So I ended up writing my other book, buy this, not that, which was a lot of work, and just be more tentional in terms of running the numbers and saying, okay, not only is it just spending more than you make, but it's also spending more to draw down your principle. So for example, let's say you had a $10 million net worth that was 100% in stocks and it went up 20%. Your net worth went up 2 million and your income, let's say was 300 zero, but you spend let's say 500 zero. So Yeah you have a deficit of 200 zero, but your net worth went up 2 million. So so you're still up 1.8 million. So the thing, the trap that we have, that I have and many people in the fire community have is that we're so used to saving and investing everything and we start thinking, well, okay, we're gonna model it out. So if I spend more than I make, I'm deccumulating wealth. But actually that doesn't go far enough because once you have your financial nut, several million dollars, whatever it is in your investments, that compounding is ferocious. It's amazing how much that can snowball into huge amount of wealth. So that was a time when I really started being more intentional to my spending, and I found it's very, very hard, very, very hard to change my saving habits, my investing habits and my desire to reinvest as much as possible so I can generate more income than I don't need in the future. So it takes years to adjustment to change your habits. Would you say you're still in kind of that adjustment phase even three years later? Yes, absolutely. Because in 2022 at 40, well, in 2022, the sonmight went down 20 plus percent. So all the gains from 2021 got wiped out, and then so 2023 were climbing back. 2024, another amazing year in the stock market. Real estate started slowing down, but it's still up huge from 2020. And now I'm thinking, wow, okay. Well, stock market went down another 20% at one point early April 2025. So boom, lost a lot of profits right there, and it's a struggle. So I'm trying to tell myself, well, actually the losses help accumulate wealth. Good job. But then the reality is it stinks, it hurts. It feels like time wasted. But what I've tried to do is say, look, I lost boatloads when the mark was down 20% in April 20, 25. And I thought, and I told myself, look, better to spend more of your wealth now than let the market take it away. So the irony is that during bear are markets, I like to spend more money because I'm trying to race against the market, trying to spend down my money for me, with me getting nothing in return, right? And the other thought process is the focus on return on effort. Roe, not return on equity, but return on effort. So in a bull market, you want to work hard, save, invest aggressively to make your fortune. You've got this window. Usually it's three to seven years in a bear market. What you want na do is you want na spend and enjoy life, kick back, don't work as hard. Because if you're working harder in a bear market and you're losing money, your return on effort is going down, is just a waste. So the only way to improve your return on effort is to do less, to do nothing and to spend your money. And that's kind of the ironic opposite thinking what this is the type of thinking that I've embraced during bad times. What has shifted in terms of just upgrading your lifestyle or spending? Is there anything in particular that you can point to that you've done or spent more on, that you're happier around or just enjoying more of? Yes. First number one is primary resident. To be able to buy a really nice primary residence you come home to every every day and you think, damn, this is a sweet house is a fantastic, satisfying feeling, especially as a parent. You know, you got your land, you got your clothes, engayou got your views. It feels unbelievable. So this is number one. We spend 14 to 20 hours a day inside our homes. We might as well spend the most amount of money comfortably possible based on some guidelines that I do have. And as a parent, the best time to own the nicest home you can afford is when your children are at home because you're providing for more heartbeats. You're not going to upgrade your home once they leave because what are you going to buy? A bigger and nicer home is going to feel so empty and unproductive. So that's number one, primary residents. Number two, it's not a car. I've already gone through all the cars that I would ever want. And carars depreciating asset, you get sick of it after six months. Doesn't really matter. It's interesting, though. So before I had children, I thought spending on education was the biggest waste of money. You know, public schools free, Internet is free. But now that I have two children, I feel that spending on education, a safe community, and on language they're in mandarin immersion school I feel it's highly worth it. Because when I think about my education, there are only two things I remember about my education. One was learning a second language, mandarin. Two was learning how to negotiate and communicate. Those are the only two things that I remember. I don't remember anything about calculus because I didn't take calculus. I don't know anything about science or the periodic table I could name, like maybe maybe three perioelements I have no idea is like totally useless. So I am thankful that I have the income and the wealth to be able to pay for a mandarin immersion private grade education, which I know some people will disagree with. But if you ask me how much would I pay to be fluent in a second language, I would say easily $500000, maybe a million dollars. Because once you're fluent in a second language, you think differently, you dream differently. Your whole world opens up to more people where you can make better connections. And I think it's worth it. That's cool. So primary residence and education for for your kids, I mean, that's the two things. Did you go through the car thing? And and some of the other luxury items that most people associate wealth with. I did I did that in my 20 enties. The number one thing I wanted to buy because my parents were super frugal when I was in middle school. You know that's a time of puberty. And you know you want to compare with your friends. You're easily embarrassed by anything they say. My father, when said my parents, they owned, he owned a 1976Datson, which is called a Nissan now, but it had no paint and it only had one hubcap. So I was embarrassed to drive in that car every single day to school and to wherever he would go. I would just always duck my head as low as possible so nobody could see me. And that really made an impression on me. It made an impression, one, because I took the car out when I was like 13 years old during the monsoon season, and one of the hubcaps fell off. Actually, the remaining hubcap fell off. And I came, I snuck the car back, and my dad didn't even say anything. He didn't realize the hubcap was gone. It was such a Junker. So I was like, okay, this is actually a benefit of driving a beater car. But then it also made me motivated to study hard and to make money so I could buy a nice car when I graduated. So that's what I did. I actually went through, I think it was at least ten cars. I think it was maybe more like 1212 cars in ten years. I traded through everything, bmw M3s, bmw six series, like the the two door Orwood. And you know, after all, I got out of my system by the age of 32 and I was done. And so I'm now one of those. I'm gonna to own a car for ten years, maybe longer if it doesn't conout on me and just keep on going. And that's cool. Styou know when we started looking to bring somebody on to help with manging and edding the back into the podcast, it felt like we were already weeks behind. The hardest part wasn't finding a candidate. It was finding the right candidate. That's where in tool like indeed was amazing. When it comes to hiring, indeed is all you need. Stop struggling to get your job posting on other job sites. Indeed sponsor jobs helps you stand out and higher re fast with sponsored at jobs, your post jumps to the top of the page for most relevant candidates so you can reach people you want so much faster. And that makes a real difference. According to indeed data, sponsored job poposted directly on indeed get 45% more applicants than non sponsored jobs. One thing, one of the things I love about indeed is how fast and targeted the process is you're not wasting time coming through endless irrelevant resumes. They help streamline the process so you can focus on interviewing and hiring. Plus, with indeed sponsored jobs, there's no monthly subscriptions, no long term contracts, and you only pay for results. And just to give you an idea of how fast it really is and the time I've been talking, 23 hires were made on indeed. That's not hype. It's indeed data worldwide. There's no need to wait any longer. Speed up your hiring right now with indeed and listeners of this show will get a dolseventy five sponsored job credit gets your jobs more visibility on indeed dot com slash unveiled. Just go to indeed dot com slash unveiled right now and support our show by saying you heard about indeed on this podcast. Indeed com slash unveiled. Terms and conditions apply. Hiring indeed is all unique. So let's and talk about this book, millionaire milestones, simple steps to seven figures. What led you to pour your heart and soul into this book? Oh what led me is the fact that the sacrifice, the savings and the investing when you're younger is no sacrifice at all. It is so worth it when you're older. It is unbelievable. You know I've been writing on financial samurai since July 2009, three posts a week, never quit. And through this time I've seen people go from I hate your charts and your guides on average, wealth by age and all that, to ten years later, people coming back and saying, you know what? Thank you for giving me this guide to shoot for by age. No wealth to shoot for by age. These various milestones, you know it's changed my life. It's enabled me to have the confidence to propose to my girlfriend to start a family, to buy a house, to get on and move out of my mom's basement, all that good stuff, right? And so I really wanted to encapsulate the experience that I've had, you know 30 years experience in finance and building well into a book that's actionable, that can motivate people and guide people to build more wealth, because I absolutely believe it's worth it. The thing is, you know, in ten years, 20 years, we're going to regret more of the things we don't do than the things we try. And we're definitely going to regret not saving and investing and being more strategic with our finances, because the easiest way to never say, if I knew then what I know now is to go read or listen or talk to someone who's been where you're gonna na go. And so I was a big fan of The Millionaire Next Door rich dadport at all, every single book, personal finance book, you can imagine. And so I felt it was now my turn to write my version, a modern day version of building more wealth to achieve more financial freedom. Talk to us a little bit about the way that you kind of broke this this book up. We've got getting started. The perspective seized the millionaire mindset, phase one growth, millionaire fundamentals, phase two, lifestyle, the millionaire way of life, phase three legacy, the millionaires everlasting imprint. Yeah. So phase one is all about saving and investing in the various ways, whether it's stocks, bonds, real estate, building a business. In my opinion, I feel everybody who has a comfort of a day job, health benefits, time rement benefits, steady income, should work on the side to build something of their own, brand themselves online, do whatever it takes. Because when it comes to building a business, it's not just about earning income. It's about building that equity in your business. So every single business sells for a multiple of revenue or profits. If you bring in dollar more in profit, your business is worth actually, lar, 50 more, because if it sells for five x profits, that's what the valuation is. So in the beginning, you know, it's all about figuring out what you like to invest in, what you're good at, how to invest and really to try to get to that $250000 investment milestone. And why do I say 250000? Well, first of you got to get to 10000 savings investing 100000, 150, 250000. But at 250000, there's a greater chance that your investments will earn more for you than the amount of money you can contribute that year. Specifically for a 400 1K for example, the employee maximum contribution for a 400 1K is 23520, 25. We also know that 70 to 75% of the time the stock market goes up in any given year. And we also know the historical return of the stock market is about 10%, probably is going down, but about 10%. So if you take 10% times 250000, that's $25000. That's more than what you could have maxed down in your 400 1K. And that's amazing. That's huge progress. That is where the compounding magic really starts. And so I say you get to that 250000, you getting to a million dollars in investments is an inevitability. And from there, things really open up. You won't feel rich, I don't think, because even a million dollars only generates about 30 to $50000 in risk free income. But the possibilities of getting to 3 million, 5 million, 10 million, they really start opening up because not only do you feel more comfortable with your wealth, you're also you also have more courage to take more risk, whether it's with your career or with your investments. And so these milestones build upon each other to the point where the momentum starts growing your wealth for you way faster than you can grow your wealth on your own. On that note, I'm curious, as somebody who's lived this, been investing and know you're telling us about the compounding effects of somebody who's in their late 40s now, how much do you think? I mean, I know we've all probably seen the charts of Warren Buffett. We're 99% of as well at this point has come after 50 other 60 th day or whatever it is. I mean, where do you feel like that's fallen for you at 48? Is it upwards of 90% from been from compounding? Or where does that number land? The older I get, the higher the percentage is from compounding and the existing nut. So when we talked about earlier, my net worth was 3 million in 2:12 for that, and it's at least eight and a half million just doing nothing with zero contributions. But of course, over the past 13 years, I've saved and invested more money, so the net worth is much higher. And what people don't realize is when they put the numbers in the compound interest calculator and they say, you know, I contribute 20000, 50000a year for ten years at a 5% to 8% rate of return, and they see these big numbers and they're like, there is no way that doesn't sound realistic at all. No way. But I will promise you, every single listener out here, all those numbers are real because the math doesn't lie. You get a couple good years like 2023 and 2024, up 23% and 22% consecutively. If you have if you have 10 million, your 10 million goes to 12 million and then your 12 million goes to 14 and a half, and then pretty soon you're from going from ten to 20 million in five years. It's crazy how much compounding happens as you build more wealth and as you get older. So my hope is with millionaire milestones, that it motivates people to save and invest every single month until it hurts to get to that nut. Because once you get to that nut, Oh my goodness, it will blow you away. And what I like most about having enough passive income to cover your living expenses is your ability to speak your truth, speak your mind, speak up against injustices. Anybody who pisses you off, you can stand up for yourself, stand up for your family, tell them to piss off whatever it is, because you don't care. You have you're not beholden to anybody, no employer, nobody dictating whether you live or die. And that is one of the most important reasons why I think everybody should shoot for financial independence sooner. Yeah, that's awesome. So in terms of Sam, and you've got this book out, where do you go from here? Do you have kind of a target lifestyle or anything that you're still striving to do or accomplish other than or other than so spend down your wealth a little bit? Well, that's definitely a part of it. So after buy this knot that came out in 2022 and it became a wall Street Journal bestseller portfolio, Penguin gave me another book deal, a two book deal. And initially I thought, I don't want to do it because writing a book, marketing is so much work. Two years easily, multiple edits, head pounding stuff all. It's very hard. But it felt good. It felt like an accomplishment. You won't get rich writing unless you are a top 0.1% bestseller, but you'll feel satisfied. And one of the things that I felt was because I now have children completely in academics now, I felt that if I could write a book, show them that I'm writing, and then show them the final product and the bookstores, and we go treasure hunting like we did in 2022, they would take their academics more seriously. Because if daddy was studying, reading, writing and creating, how can they not also study, read, write and create? So I wanted to set an example for them through this process of writing millionaire milestones. And once this is out, I'm gonna to take probably a six month break and I'm gonna to get started on another book. And the other book is probably, it's gonna to be a little different. It's gonna to be about highlighting underdog within all of us and how people achieve success even though they're not set up for success. But after that, so like academics in terms of writing is very important for me because I want my kids to realize that I'm not slacking off or anything and that I'm taking things seriously, right? But really, what I want na do as they get older, because kids don't really remember much before five, is to do slow travel, is to take the family on six month, one year travels around the world while homeschooling them or having them in these type of international schools where other families do the same. Because I grew up in the foreign service, where I traveled every two to four years to a different country, us foreign service, and it was one of the most eye opening things ever. I learned another language. I learned different cultures. I feel like I have more empathy for other people, other religions, and I think these are good traits to have as any child growing up to become an adult. And I think that would be such an amazing experience to spend money to live abroad and see the pyramids instead of just read about the pyramids, right? And I think that's it because after age 18, right, the studies say after age 18, when the kids go away, that's 80 to 90% of all the time you'll ever spend with them ever again. So I really want na be intentional with spending time with my family as much as I did with my wealth for the first 20 years of my life. When do you think you'll start those trips? Well, my son is 85, right? So we are going to go do five weeks in Honolulu this summer to do summer school there. And that's easy because my parents are still alive and they're there, and I want na spend time with them and have them build a relationship with their grandkids. And I think that those trips are going to start international trips probably next year. So when my daughter is six and he's nine, because that's when they still love their parents, they want to be with us, and then I think that's when they remember their trips. And so I think that's gonna to be very impactful. So we're probably gonna to do, you know, we're gonna to try five weeks abroad in Honolulu. It's not abroad this summer. And then we're to try to do two, three, two months, maybe next year, and then three months the following year, one month in the winter. And then maybe if they like it, we're going to start doing the whole semester or the school year abroad in different places. I think it's going to be such a fun journey and so educational. And to be able to do that right, to have the freedom, there's no point in having an online business or having wealth if you don't take advantage of it. If you start living like everybody else, then what's the point, right? There's no point grinding and saving so hard. Yeah, that's cool. Well, let's let's wrap up with some rapid fire questions. And I know you've answered a few of these before, but we're going maybe we'll get some updates or maybe things have changed a little bit. So what's the most expensive pair of shoes or pants that you purchased recently or ever or recently? However, maybe it's recent, you're spending down, maybe you start spending more on pants. I don't know. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. And I have these Todd loafers that I bought twelve years ago that I probably spent $280. I think it was on sale from 400. But twelve years, I've been wearing for twelve years. You know, I used to collect Michael Jordan's, Air Jordan's, one, two, three, four, five, six. Love those. Now those shoes cost $250. And I collect them because I could never afford them and my parents would never give it to them. Give me any when I was a kid. So I think that's it. Nothing fancy. What about the most expensive meal out? Meal out. I try to do the most expensive meal out with corporate partnerships who pay. I hear you on that, right? So so I would say most expensive meal out by corporate partnerships who pay would be actually not egregious like $200 per person, you know, two, 250. But for for me spending, you know, I just wanted, I had like this craving for a steak whereby you know wagyu, whatever it is, and I was like looking at Uber eats and I was gonna to order it because you know the stock market had rebounded. I'd stop bleeding so much money from the Liberation Day. I was like, I got my sum of money back. I got to spend it right. And I looked at the Uber eats and I was like, this wayu New York strip, my favorite cut. And I was like $180 and I closed the app like, forget, I'm going to order some Taco Bell. Oh, that's great. That's great. What about the most expensive vacation or experience? Well, this also happened, you know, okay, so I just, I can't spend enough money. So when I go to Honolulu this summer, I was looking at homes to rent you know for my family of four and normal three bedroom or four bathrooms, homes cost 25 to $40000a month. They're furnished. And I say to myself, that's crazy. So I'm gonna probably live with my parents and then take weekends and go to hotels, but the most expensive vacation was at, I would say a 15 plus million dolproperty in the Sonoma Napa region. And you know we go for like a week, there's a pool, there's tennis court, Jacuzzi, hot tub, and it would probably cost 6000a night to rent and we stay there for seven nights. Okay? So I would say if I had to pay for that, it would be 42 zero, but I don't have to pay for that because it's my buddies brand. All right, there you go. So you know, I'm I'm trying I'm trying to spend. But man, thank you for asking me these questions because I need to be more intentional in spending. What about the most expensive car that you bought in your twenties? Sounds like, Oh, okay, most expensive car. Oh Yeah. Yeah. G5 hundred. Mercedes G5 hundred. This was back in 2004, I believe 2000. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I bought condo in 2003. I bought it in 2002. I was a Young man, 25 years old. I spent $78000 for the Mercedes G5 hundred. And why don't I buy that? Well, I love the car. But before then, there was one dealer in Santa Fe, New Mexico, who had a monopoly on the distribution rights for the G5 hundred Mercedes. And they were selling it for $150000. And they lost their monopoly rights in 20, 22. And the price went in half. And I thought at 25 years old, I was like, wow, what great value, spending $78000 on a car. I'm all in. Let's go. So I bought the car, took it up to Tahoe, didn't want na get it dirty. And then a year later, I sold and I took a bath and lost about maybe $18000 because it couldn't fit in the garage of condo that I bought in 2003. The car was like six foot seven inches, and the garage was like six foot two inches or six foot four inches. What a bummer. So I took a bath of bummer. Yeah. What's a key lesson learned from childhood? Key lesson I learned. Wow. I have many lessons I learned. One that came to mind, it's always going to stick with me, is when I was out to eat, when my parents, my dad, would scold me for ordering any kind of beverage, and he would say, just order water and get a free lemon slice of lemon. It's good for you and it's free. So that was one lesson. Second lesson was, I remember very being very upset with my father when we were living in Taipei, Taiwan. So I went to his office and I ripped up five or six pieces of paper that he had typed up. And back then there were no computers. So he had typed it up, you know, diligently, probably took a couple hours. And I ripped it up because I was mad at him. And then I just went to my room crying or whatever, just mad. And then he came in. He didn't come in with a belt. He didn't come in with a whip, nothing. He just sat me down and he said, son, please don't do that again. I spent a long time writing those papers, so that was it. But because he explained to me what I had done and why what I did was wrong, that it really forever changed my behavior and the way I listened to my parents. Do you have an item or possession that you've spent any sum of money on that sits your favorite or that you get the most utility out of? Hmm, that's that's not needed like a luxury item or anything? Well, in two December 2016, five months before my son was born, I bought a 2015 range ger Rover Sport for $60000 after tax. And I love that car. Oh, such a good looking car. 20 inch rims, black on black tent int beautiful car. Takes my family around safe to Tahoe and I still own it today. So that's that's like the one possession that I love. And I'm glad it's older now because I don't wanna like look flashy. So now it's like I was a ten year old car now, and I still love it and driving. I hope it lasts for another five to ten years. Awesome. What's the craziest thing that you've ever done to earn money? Craziest thing I, the most impactful thing I did was work at McDonald's at 6:00a.m., open up shop and then do the egg mcc muffins and then shift all the way to the quarter pounders. Sometimes I've dropped them on the floor and then I just put it back in the heater because, you know, I don't know. And I earned $4 an hour there. And I got yelled at by my power tripping manager every other day and they said, don't speak Spanish. Customers will think you're talking bad about them. And that was that was not the wildest thing, but that was the most impressionable thing that I recall working on. And I knew right then and there I didn't want na work a minimum wage service job for my entire life. So that kick started my focus on academics starting to try to get into the best college possible so I wouldn't have to do that job when I became an adult. And then as an adult in 2012, no, 2013, a year after I left, I decided to try out driving for Uber. And I thought it was really interesting is at the time you were making like $30 an hour, and it was cool because you get to meet a lot of people. And I was an early riser. I would wake up at 5:00a.m.all the time, and my wife would wake up much later. And so I would give rides from 5:00a.m.to 7:00a.m.. I'd get to know people, I'd get to know what they're up to, and I'd make dollar, $30 an hour. But also, I was able to write about my experience on financial samurai. And they had an affiliate program where if you sign up people, you would get $100 dollars per sign up. So it was a great way to get to know people, to hustle, but also to leverage the Internet to make more money as an affiliate partner. Was McDonald's how you made your first fudonald's? Yeah, McDonald's. And also temting at a temp agency, stuffing envelopes like for hours a day in a windowless conference room. I mean, these are great experiences. You know, just so much, so much monotony, dullness, boredom, pain, getting yelled at that it just motivated me to not want to do that anymore. It was it was awesome. What's the dumbest thing you ever wasted money on? Dumbest thing I've ever wasted money on. You might have edit this because I'm probably think think a while. Oh Yeah. Oh, this is so easy one. What am I talking about? Dumbest thing ever wasted money on was spending 715, zero on a vacation property in Lake Tahoe in 2007 that I didn't need. It was scoring for 810000 and 2006. So when I was able to get it for 715000, I thought, Oh, this is a great deal. I love the property in palisades Tahoe. I took my wife there in, I think it was 2000 on our first date, and I actually ended up proposing there. And so I thought, this is the property for me. My income is going up. 2007, I made the most I've ever made. I'm, I'm I'm. On the right trajectory. And then, of course, the financial crisis happened and it lost 50% of its value in the next three years. And so that was the albatross on my neck for ten years until it kind of recovered. And that was the humble pie that I needed to just make sure I focus on asset allocation, proper risk management and just just keeping your head down, staying humbled and not not believing my income trajectory would keep growing to the sky because it never does. The window of opportunity is never that large. What's a closely held belief that you once had you recently changed your mind on? Oh, so as a state at home father, taking care of Young kids is exhausting. It is harder than any banking job, working 60 plus hours a week, especially in the first five years of your their life. First three years really, because one look away and it could be injury or death, right? Is just you can't mess around. You have to so focus. But one belief I thought was, Oh, all the nannies and the parents at the playgrounds on their phones, that's bad parenting. It's like you're not paying attention. You know? It's like, you know you know I'm like mentally snooty in my head. Pay attention to your kid. They just want love and attention. But now that I've been a stay at home father for eight years now, I think, wow, how can you go to the playground with your kids and not be on your phone and hang out and and do something else that that it's just too much effort to always be playing hide and seek and tag and running with them for like one, two hours of a time. So now I'm thinking, wow, Yeah, Yeah find that outlet with your phone or whatever. So you can you know you're still there as a parent. You're still providing them the joy and the ability to play. So don't be too hard on yourself. Samany last words of advice for somebody who's just starting out on their journey. Yeah talk to people whobeen there before, read millionaire milestones and really focus on being intentional with your finances. Nobody nobody cares about your finances more than you. And we are in a harsh, brutally competitive world where everybody is looking out for themselves and try to get ahead. So if you don't focus on your finances and look out for yourself, you're gonna to be in big trouble. So please do. Awesome. That's Sam, author of millionaire milestones, simple steps to seven figures. Thanks on the show today. All right, thanks for having me. Thanks for listening to the millionaire's unveiled podcast with Jace Mattinson. For more stories, investment opportunities and information, check out our website, millionaireunveiled dot com. See you next time when you'll hear from another everyday millionaire.
