---
ticker: NET
type: podcast_transcript
title: "$2.9 Million Net Worth at 43 in Vancouver | Kristy Shen & Bryce Leung"
podcast: ""
date: 2026-03-18
audio_url: https://www.podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/pdst.fm/e/pscrb.fm/rss/p/prfx.byspotify.com/e/traffic.megaphone.fm/RMNEA4855599709.mp3?updated=1772561406
language: auto
chars: 38239
credibility: S2-S3
evidence: E2
transcription_engine: dashscope_paraformer_v2
---

# $2.9 Million Net Worth at 43 in Vancouver | Kristy Shen & Bryce Leung

**Podcast**: 
**Date**: 2026-03-18

---

## Transcript

This episode is sponsored by my new book, own your time. I wrote it for parents who are doing everything right on paper, but still feel stretched thin. Own your time gives you a clear path to take back control of your money, your work and your family time. Find it on Amazon or Barnes and noble. Own your time by Andy hill. What fire really gives you back as your time? It gives you your time that you could spend however youlike it to be. And if you wanted to spend it floating around the world and having fun, great. But it also lets you have the time to spend in the situation like this, when we really did need to come home and help my mom and my sisters take care of my dad at the same time as when ke was also nine months pregnant. I love talking about increasing your net worth. This is our parameter for well building success. Today, we're going to speak with two investors who have grown their family's net worth to $2.9 million by age 43. Christy Shen and Bryce lung are our guests. Today. They live in Vancouver with their two year old son, and they are the co authors of the new book, parrot like a millionaire without being one. And when they are not focused on building their family's wealth, they enjoy traveling the world. Welcome back to the show. Christian Bryce. Thanks so for having us. Thanks so much for having us. Absolutely. It has been, I think we talked about this before we started. It's probably been about at least six years since our last conversation about your journey, and it has been a fantastic ride since then. And I'm excited to learn more since we left off. Let's talk about building this incredible net worth number. What was your motivation originally for building your wealth in the first place? Oh, Yeah. Initially a complete opposite of what we ended up doing. Initially, I was trying desperately to buy a house. We lived in Toronto, which was one of the most expensive housing markets in Canada. And I had a job as an engineer. We both had jobs as engineers. And yet even with jobs as engineers, it was still very difficult to buy a house because the average cost was between half a million to 1.2 million. So it just felt like every time we saved money, the gold alcoast kept moving. So it didn't really matter how much money we saved, the housing prices kept going up. Then on top of that, at the time, I was worried about outsourcing. So that was the risk back then for millennials, which is your job is going to get outsourced to India or Mexico or somewhere where people are willing to work as software engineers for $5 an hour. I can't compete with that. There was no way I was gon na live in a major city and be able to afford my expenses with that income. Now the big thread is AI. So now it's even scarier because now even the people that your job is being outsourced, you, they're also being outsourced. Robots are taking over. So at the time I was thinking, okay, if I buy a house and I don't have a job in the next five years, that's kind of hard to pay the mortgage. What's going to happen? So that fear drove me to look into some other forms of living. And then I think that's when we discovered the Mr money mustache blog and we discovered financial independence, retire early, which back then was not a movement at all. It was basically just a handful of bloggers. And it was not international either. It was mostly American. So we weren't sure if this is even possible. And part of me was thinking, is this a scam? Is this really possible? Can you actually retire in your thirties and build a portfolio to pay you so you don't have a job? So what was crazy was that even after we did the math, my brain still wouldn't believe it, because having grown up in poverty, I was just thinking like, a million dollars is infinite amounts of money. How am I ever gon na get to that level? Shockingly, we got there within three years of discovering financial independence. And then after we left, more shocks came in that I thought it was going to cost easily 75000 to 100000 to travel the world, because vacations are expensive. And I just multiply that by the entire year and try to figure out how much going to cost. But what actually ended up costing us was only $40000a year, because we mixed expensive places like the uk and then inexpensive places like Thailand. And then at that point, you said, wait, why are we going back to North America? Let's just keep traveling forever. And then we did that for six years until the pandemic, at which point we had to go home for a family emergency. But everything that I did to grow my net worth was not what I was originally planning, and it went in the exact opposite direction. And Bryce, when this discovery happened of an alternative way of living, were you and Christy on board together? Was this something that you said, Oh, Yeah, let's do this? Oh, she definitely thought it was a scam. Like I was the one that had to convince her. And it was like, but the thing is, we're both engineers, so we communicate with spreadsheets. So when I kind of broke down the mat and kind of showed how the nuts and bolts of this thing is of a passive income, generportfolio is put together, she was more convinced. But was it was still nerve wrking, right? Because it was like, a million dollars does seem like a lot of money, but is it enough to live on for the rest of your life? Like something about that, especially when a house costs more than that? So that was the so it did require a bit of a leap of faith there, but we had conference in the matand. More importantly, we realized that fire was not like a one way street. I mean, like just because you leave your job does not mean that you could never come back and then work in anything ever again. We really just wanted to try it for a year and see how we liked it. And maybe our original plan was was for Christy to continue to be retired. She always wanted to be a writer. When she was growing up, we were both engineers. She was in it for the money. And me, on the other hand, I grew up playing computer games. So I was, I was, I was actually into computers. So I was, so I thought that my plan was originally I was gonna to go back to work as an engineer and then she was stay at home and write. Turns out it's the big surprises were, one, traveling around the world was not nearly as expensive as we thought it was. It cost about the same as what we were budgeting to live in Toronto at the time. So that's kind of what made us go, Hey, why don't we just travel forever? And the second thing that I didn't realize that that was that I would actually, I would actually enjoy writing ding alongside with her as as a good joint project we would try to do, I would try to give Vince her do like coding project with me. And it was always like like I ran away from this sort recently. We hated it. Every wouldn't like to fix this book. No, don't know. A thousand card PaaS. No. But on the on the writing field, it was something that we could do together, and it turned out to be a lot more fun than I thought it would be. So that's why that's why we ended up kind of jumping into the writing space full with both feet. Afterdoors, that's incredible. Now for the people who clicked on this video and they're interested in this wealth building story, this is incredible. But there's gonna to be people who clicked on this video because they know you're writing and they know how inspiring you guys have been as not only people who found the fire movement, but were founders, I would say, of the fire movement in itself. I think you guys have really brought forth this concept and made it more actionable for people over the last decade. And I just want to give you guys kudos for all that you've done within this sphere because you are really helping people make this and a reality by not just reading about it, but living it and experimenting with it, sharing the the ups and the downs, even knowing that, Hey, let's let's give this travel thing a try. You've experimented for this on our behalf and shown us the way. So thank you for that. Let's help people understand, because you shared a number earlier, that you guys hit the seven figures pretty quickly. Talk to us about what you did for income. And I know the engineering sphere has changed over time. Talk to us about what you were earning during that time frame. And this was a shorter kind of window for the income growth period. So talk to us about that because people do like to dive into the numbers a bit. Yeah. So we actually didn't start with six figure numbers. That's the thing that people get discouraged about fire because they're like, I don't have a six figure number. I'm never gonna get to F I. We started the first year that we graduated from college. We earned a combined salary of, I think it was like 65000 because we only worked for half the year we were in school and had to pay tuition. And then it only grew to the six figure salary after many years of promotions, many, many late nights, working crazy long hours, and then our highest earning year, it took six years to get there and it was around 168, zero combined. But we started 65, zero. Yeah it was all Canadian. So it's like, Yeah it's much more attainable in the states because you have much higher salaries and more ways to optimize taxes. One of the things, the other thing that I realized was really important looking back is just not giving into lifestyle inflation and putting that money towards investment. People underestimate how much power that gives you. Every time we got a promotion, instead of saying, okay, well, we live in this tiny one bedroom apartment. Let's go buy house or let's go upgrade, at least upgrade to a two bedroom or three bedroom. We we never did. And we never bought a car because we had easily easy access to public transportation. And you're scared of driving. I hate driving, especially in a major city. So I think I would decrease my life happiness and expectanstresses. Yeah, exactly. And then, you know, eating out more, we could have ate out more. But then I felt that I was gaining so much weight from working lalate at work and then eating all this junk food from the fast food restaurants that I would rather cook on the weekend and make batch food. And that was helping me lose weight. And I was going on a paleo diet. It was making me much happier and healthier. So just by doing, if you have a good salary and you don't have to start there, you can eventually get there to at least six years. At that point, you make the decision of not increasing your lifestyle and it makes a huge difference. You put and then eventually we end up consistently saving 50000, sorry, 50% or more of our salary and putting that towards a portfolio which grew exponentially over time. And I think not buying into lifestyle inflation and not being discouraged that you don't have a six figure salary, those two key things that we did made a big difference. Those are really the one, two steps, everybody finding that higher savings rate. And then finding contentment and joy with what you have in your life and not having the wanses where you need to bigger, bigger, bigger and grow, grow, grow, because there's a lot of people on the other side that will continue to chase the happiness with the more stuff and find at the end that it's not really worth it. Of course, we all like nice things, but there's a point with which the happiness just kind of decreases quite a bit. Let's dive into the net worth number a little bit so people can understand, because when they hear that number, and I'm gonna to repeat it again, $2.9 million by age 43, some people are learning about what net worth really means. So if we can break down, just at a simplistic level, what assets are and what liabilities are, so people can understand what that $2.9 million is. You don't have to give us exact numbers, but just helping to understand and educate people out there so they can understand what net worth is. So let's start with the assets. What assets do you have? So assets generally, assets generally, a stuff that you own. So it can be cash, it can be retirement accounts, money that you have in your retirement accounts, it can be investments, it can be cds, all this kind of stuff. The one that we kind of the controversial bit that we talk about on our blog is that a lot of people consider that the home equity is one of their biggest assets that there are, and it is an asset. However, there is a big difference between an investable asset and one that's kind of locked up for the purposes of fire. And the purposes of what you're trying to do is you're trying to create passive income. So we were trying to say, okay, you have all this money that's performing in the stock market and it's either going up in value or it's paying you dividends and interest and it's kind of money for you to live off of. Home equity doesn't do that. Home equity, even if it grows, you can't actually use it until you sell the whole thing. So that's a very subtle but very powerful distinction between what is a useful investable asset and what is a technically, it is an asset and it is part of your net worth, but it's not actually that useful towards helping you retire. Now, real estate really is really interesting in that it can be both a useful and a locked in asset, depending on how you own it. So if you own a house as a part of your you know, principal residence, which is what a lot of people do, that is actually money that you put into towards paying your mortgage and money that you put in towards your principal residence that is not actually that useful in terms of helping you retire because it doesn't give you any cash flow. If anything, that's the opposite. You have to keep paying into maintaining it. You have to like fix the roof. You have to do all this kind of like you have to do maintenance. You have to pay property taxes. It costs you money rather than pays you money. But real estate can also be owned as an investment property, and that can also be invest passively as a reit or a real estate investment trust, which is a type of corporation that you can buy shares in that owns apartment buildings and nursing homes and hospitals and shopping malls. They collect the rent for you, and then they give you the money, and then they give you money to the union holders. So real estate can be both in youth, like a source of passive income, or it can be a money sink, depending on how you own it. So that's kind of like a very important distinction here in your case, real estate is not a part of your assets whatsoever, is that we have owned real estate as part of our investment portfolio in the form of a wheit. So it's part of our investment portfolio and it just trades like any other stock on the stock market. But no, we don't own real estate directly outside of the reits. Investments that you have is everything else, investable assets in the stock market, stock market as well as bonds. And there are other alternative assets that are that are mixed in there, like gold, like preferred shares, which we write about all in the blog. But the vast majority of it is stocks, okay? Stocks, bonds, reits and some alternative assets. Is any of this in? And I know it might be different for our Canadian listeners versus us listeners. Rna, these in? Oh, I was talking to somebody earlier about the right term to say this. Registered investments. Did I say that right? You did. Good job. Okay. Good. Registered registered investments. I was talking with Liz for ambitious adultic. I don't know if you know her. She's fantastic. She was schooled me on some Canadian investments. How much of this is registered investments versus non registered or cash accounts? I guess registered investments are the Canadian version of 400 1K. So this is money, this is pretax money that you put in. It grows tax free and then when you take it out is it's tax. So I'd say up that 29. I think somewhere around I think it's around half a million dollars of that is in retirement accounts. There's additional of, I think 250000 or so. That's an article of a Roth for us. It's called a tfsa, a tax free savings account. The rsp, the stands for registered retirement savings plan. That's the 400 1K. That's the Canadian 400 1K for you guys. Got it. Excellent. And so the rest of this is in the cash account or accessible investment account, most of it Yeah, most of it in a taxable account. And that way, you can use it to live off of if you choose. And you can also use techniques that we talk about in our first book to extract dividends from your 400 1K or registered accounts to live on as well. So the entire portfolio is kind of performing all at once, and we're living off of the entire excellent. And then the liability side, do you guys have any liabilities at this time? So liabilities are stuff that you owe. So for most people that's gonna be credit card debt, auto auto loans, and the biggest ones gonna a mortgage. We generally avoid debt. Debt does not like you know there's there are people that are able to invest successfully with debt. That's a that's quite a bit more complicated than I think like the average investor should be attempting to do so as much as possible. We always tell people to avoid debt and and whatever debt you have paid off as soon as you can. One of our family motto is buy your freedom and rent the rest. We don't want Yeah we don't want to have to maintain things. We don't want to have to worry sleeping when we go to bed at night of like do we owe anyone anything like the interest rates? We don't have to worry about any of that. So we put as much money as possible into investments like stocks and everything else we rent. So 2.9 is the assets and then zero is the liability. That's the math problem then, right? So we get 2.9 million for our for our network. Thank you so much for breaking that down. I think that helps people understand how you guys have done this. Now I have a question. It sounds like you guys got to that million mark and you're like, Hey, let's go cook, let's go travel. Let's go have some fun. Let's travel. But if I'm looking at the number, right, it has grown, it has doubled. So have you found that you were able to live well enough while traveling that you can still double your net worth? Yeah, Yeah. Because we wanted to keep this experiment like some up here. We kept the initial portfolio, the milthat we invested in kind of segregated in its own set of accounts. And any money that we earned after retirement as part of our writing income, we kind of kept separate in its own separate account as well. So we call it portfolio a in portfolio p. So our original 1 million has grown to about 1.8, 1.9, something like that where and portfolio b, which is money that we earned after retirement that then also got invested, that's worth another million. So even the original million managed to double on its own while we were withdrawing from it. And this is excluding money that we earned and contributed to it after retirement. So what was really surprising about that was that our secret weapon to making this happen was travel. That's not something that normal people usually think about. And the reason for this is that when we started traveling, as ky alluded to, we realized that we could almost design how much we chose to spend every year based on how much time we spent in certain countries. So if we were finding ourselves going over our budget like spending too much time because we're spending too much time in like Switzerland, we would then move over to like Poland, and then all of a sudden our buddies would drop. So when we were because we did this so effectively and we were able to control our expenses simply by choosing how much time to spend in each individual country, we were able to spend less than what we than the initial 4% that we were initially with trying because we were spending so much time in like Thailand and drinking coconut water on like the beach because we were spending less than we needed to. The money that the portfolio was generating was just being reinvlike. The amount that we weren't using was just being reinvested back into it. So it was continuing to grow because we were not spending as much as we needed to. LinkedIn is pretty amazing at helping you grow your small business. We cannot make your email response time faster. We can help you sell, market and higher re in one place. We cannot help you find space for your three desk drinks. Why do have three? And while we can't help you find the perfect volume for your presentation video, LinkedIn can help you find the perfect audience for your business. Grow your small business on LinkedIn. Learn more at LinkedIn. Com. Sh small business. I think this can be inspiring in so many reasons, because I think so many people will wait and will just say, you know what, it's not enough. I need more. I'm not gonna to jump. So what you've proven here is two things. By going and being conscious with your spending, geo arbitrage, moving around, making this happen, your wealth not only covered your spending, but your wealth grew. And then secondarily, you started. Writing moving towards passion projects, and you made income from that too. So even if somebody says, I don't want to start another business, I just want to retire, it's like, well, you got both options. You can start a passion project, make money from it, invest that and grow and or continue to live frugally, pay attention to where your money's going and build wealth there. So I'm super inspired by this story, and I think a lot of people are learning a lot from it. And I'd like to transition now to your son, because that's where the story changes a little bit. You guys were traveling and you were building your wealth and you were experiencing the world together and having a lot of fun together. At what point did you decide that you wanted to become parents? And then how has that changed, if at all, your journey? There's a whole backstory to the struggle of us being a parent and me like not wanting to be a parent for the longest time. So was a lot of emotional struggle and then thinking about how much it was going to cost. And then also the decision to stop traveling was made for us because of the pandemic, that whole flitting around the world and you know, the millennial, like I'm gonna to go find myself. That was very fun for six years, but it did end up abruptly when you reality hits you in the face. And the reality is we're all getting older and our parents are getting older and we have to take care of them. One of the things that happened was unfortunately, my Bryce's dad was diagnosed with cancer and then there was like a whole crazy story that happened after that that I'm gonna to let him tell. Yeah. So when we were in Thailand in 2019, we were first hearing about this whole Covid thing that was sparound the world. And then I got the news from my mom that my dad had been diagnosed with terminal brain cancer. So at the same time that everyone was dealing with all these this masking and quarantine thing, we were also trying to figure out, okay, how do we manage this new disease? How do we, you know, my dad is now on chemotherapy. He's, you know, compromise. How do we make sure we don't give him Covid and accidentally kill him? So it was like it was a very, very, like it was a very difficult time in my life. It was a really difficult time in everyone's life. 2020 was not a picnic for a lot of people. That really showed me the real value of fire because before this fire was just a was a way for us to quit our jobs and flit around the world and have fun, which, and it was great, but I had, because I had done all this fire stuff when it came time for me to help my parents out, for me to take care of my dad. Both of us were able to do that. We both managed, we both moved in with my mom and to, in order to take shifts and watch my dad because at the end of his, like it was a slow, you know, progressing disease, but near the end, he really did require 24 hour care. And so me, my mom and my sisters and ky would be running shifts to provide that 24 hour care to make sure that he not doesn't get up at 3:00a.m.and like go upstairs and possibly injure himself. And that's kind of when I really realized the the value of fire, because what fire really gives you back is your time. It gives you your time that you could spend however youlike it to be. And if you wanted to spend it floating around the world and having fun, great. But it also lets you have the time to spend in the situation like this, when we really did need to come home and help help my mom and my sisters take care of my dad. And at this entire the same time as when Christe was also nine months pregnant. So like we had this crazy timing that we had when Christe's due date was literally the same day as my dad's memorial service. So I was in this very, very, I had to do this very traumatic transition from losing a parent to becoming a parent, like literally in the same day. And that's kind of when and then again, that's when the fact that I had the time and the mental space to be able to make that transition because I didn't have to worry about like my boss yelling at me to get back to work, you know, that would have just made the entire thing impossible. But because I had that, I was able to do that. And that's when I was that's when the real value of fire comes comes into play. Like can we say in the book, it's like we consider the fire the best money we never spent. You invested previously so that you could be there for those important moments and best investment you ever made, best investment I ever made. Like because like money is money is important. I mean, that's why that's why you're do in this podcast, the only resource that we all have when when we're born is time. So how much time do we have on this earth? None of us knows exactly how much we have, but it can't be, you know, it can't be created, borrowed, stolen or destroyed. We all have a, we have a set amount of time. Money is really just a proxy for that, right? Like we have to spend our time working at a job to get money because we need food, we need shelter, we need all that kind of stuff. But if you accumulate money and if you waste that money or if you just accumulate money endlessly, they're are all of just slips of paper that have no meaning unless you translate them back into time. And that's what fire allows you to do. It allows you to buy your time back so you can spend it with the people that you love. And all of us are getting to that age now, right where we're all like, you know we're in our 40s and our parents are now gonna to be in their sixs and 70s unfortunately, like they're gonna to get older. These things are gonna to happen to all of us and this is all a struggle that we're going to have to to deal with. So Yeah, that's kind of why we, that's kind of why this fire stuff is so important. I appreciate that I am a similar age as you too, and I have some aging parents as well, and I am doing my best to spend as much time with them as possible. It's just a reality of what is you know, momentum mori. We're all gonna to go. We're gonna to use our time here wisely and if we can spend it with the people we love and bring new life into the world. Congratulations on that. By the way, that's beautiful. Now, Christy, I have heard this statistic that you know what, it's so expensive to have kids, you're going to spend $300000 or $400000 before their age 18 without college costs. Now, did that deter you from wanting to be a parent? And if so, how did you combat that in the first couple of years of your of your son's life? For sure. That was terrifying. That was definitely one of the numbers weighing on my mind when I after I gave like when I was giving birth, how am I gonna pay for everything? All that damn, what is yes, damn usda. But what's what's really interesting is that people kind of look at that overall number and they don't dig any deeper. But because we fipeople and we used to be engineers, we like digging and we like specificity. So when I actually dig into the numbers, I discovered that the cost of a child changes when your salary increases. So people who make more spend more on their kids and it all gets lumped into the usda number. It pulls the average up, and then it makes you wonder, wait, when you get a raise or when you get a higher paying job, do you suddenly increase your cost of living with your kids by 50%? Do you suddenly buy bigger house? Do you suddenly do they suddenly need to go to private school? Are all of those costs necessary? Or is it more sociis putting pressure on us in order to make it more expensive? And it was really fascinating when you break down the numbers the first year that we raised him, we realized it was far less than the usda number, about a third of what they were telling us that it was going na cost. I realized there's so much pressure on parents. Like first of all, I have so much awe, in awe of all parents. After I gave birth, I was just like, every parent deserves an award. No one works harder than you. No one single parents deserve like a double yes, double Yeah then well, man, the hardest those guys are just the Yeah it was so rough mostly mostly women. Unfortunately those those girls are just getting hammered. I mean, like I feel so bad for the for every single parent not there double award for those double so much respect for parents. Everyone deserves an award. And it made me realize that there is a predatory industry out there we like to call big baby. It's worth billions of dollars. And as soon as I found out I was pregnant and I was googling things, endless bombardment from social media. Ads, endless ads. You need to buy a minivan for your kid for safety. You need to buy educational toys. You need to buy these fancy gadgets. Here's a snobasket. A snobassinet that is costs $1000. But ithelp, you get some sleep. All of these things. I that rocks itself. That's like a thousand. Yeah, you know yes. Oh, Yeah, Yeah. And you know what? When parents get desperate enough, that sounds like a really good idea. You know what? I don't care how much it costs. Let me just throw this at the problem because I have not slept in a month. Totally understand that sentiment. What was really interesting is my personal experience is that a lot of those things are not necessary. And even though they're advertised to help you, and I'm sure it does help some people, for my situation, at one point, my son, I had to feed him 21 times in one day because he was having trouble latching. He was bigger than most babies. He's 98 percentile. So he's constantly hungry, constantly eating this snobassinet would not have helped me in the least because I had to take him out every hour anyway. So rocking him to sleep, I was like, Oh, you can have you a glorified like the four hours. You can have four contiguous hours of sleep. Before when we had like we're like four hours of sleep. And then after your first month, you're like four hours. That's amazing. I've only slept for 60 minutes. Yeah I was like, there's no way I could have used that, Basnet, because I have to take him out every hour anyway to feed him. It would not have made any difference. But that's what happens, is you get emotionally manipulated into spending for comfort, for convenience, out of desperation, feeling like guilt, feeling like you're a bad parent. So there's a lot of these things that it's completely unnecessary. And when you dig down into the usda numbers, the more you earn, the more kids costs, and that drags up the average. Yeah so this is a consumeriistic problem that only gets worse with more consumerism. And I found a similar path as well. We had our daughter in 2012. And the pressure to buy the latest baby stuff, to upgrade your car, to upgrade your house too. Like I know you guys said, Hey, let's let's forget the whole house thing. That is major pressure because you start off with a house that is appropriately sized for you and your partner, and then you have a little baby that takes up this much space, and then you're like, wow, I need a 2700 square foot house. It's like, no, the baby's not gonna to go anywhere, really. They're like this right here in this spot. But those are the big things, you know, the car, the house, the type of food, the activities, the stuff. And it just starts to grow. And then you're like all of a sudden in debt because you produce a new human. And it's not shocking that people are pausing and saying, do I want na be a parent? I don't know if I can afford that. And that's sad. And I'm glad that you guys are putting out a message that you don't have to do it like everybody else, not only from the corporate life side of things you guys chose to do, or the I need to buy a house because everybody else is buying a house side of things, or the, Hey, we can do this nomadic thing and still have a great marriage, but also from the parenting side of things. So the script that you're all seeing, everybody, you can question it. You can dive into the numbers like Christy and Bryce have and really decide what's best for you in your situation. Now there's somebody listening and they're really inspired by growing their net worth like you have and also doing this as a parent, as somebody who's married. What is one small piece of advice that you would give them to get started understanding investing is one of the biggest, most important lessons. And as early as possible because you want your investment timeline to be as long as possible. That's one of the reasons why we made the investment workshop, in which we have a step to step by step breakdown of exactly how we got two millionaire status. And so for people to follow along, and it's completely free because we believe that financial education should be a right and not a privilege. There's a surprising number of people that have used this workshop because it's been out for eight years that wrote into us and said, I started with a dolforty zero dollars salary and I wrote into you eight years ago to start this workshop. I'm now a millionaire. It's unbelievable. Yeah. It's always amazing when you, when somebody that you've impacted your life in such a profound way, like writes back to you and then being like, Hey, you changed my life. That's not something that there's not a lot of like lines of work in which you get to do that. That's always really rewarding to hear that. But Yeah, it's just it's it's about like first of all, don't panic because there's a lot of reasons to panic about and then go, I'll never be able to afford this. So we try to like in our book, we break down the numbers and try to show, Hey, it's not as bad as people think it is. And and second of all, just start, let's just take an interest and be interested in money because like no matter what line of work that you're in, learning how to manage your money is a skill that everybody needs to needs to have. Because whether because even if you're like if you're if like a fast food worker that knows how to manage your money well versus like a surgeon who doesn't, in many ways the fast food worker can who knows how to manage your money well, is going to end ahead. Well, the surgeon could end up like big earnings but huge debt, right? So check out our blog and you know continue listening and subscribing to podcasts just like this one. Because if you are interested in this stuff and you want and you want na learn more about this stuff, you're you're gonna to be exposed to different ideas. You're going to be exposed to smart people like you. That's the first step in really getting a handle on this stuff by finding people that know more than you that you like and you want to learn from to learning from them. And that's kind of what that's kind of what you're listening to doing right now. So erlistening here, you're doing a great job. I love it. And that's what I love about this community too. These two have made it and done really well for themselves and have, you know, bought their time, freedom. They're raising their son and they're giving back. So they have a free resource, and then they have a very accessible resource, a book that just came out to parent like a millionaire. Tell people where they can grab that and learn more about this story and get this great advice. Okay, so it's called parent like a millionaire without being one. And you can go to the website www. Parenlike a milmillionaire com. We link to all the different resources where you can buy the books, basically wherever books are sold and a little bit of a background about what the book is about and some testimonials from other people who have read it. Yeah, a lot of parenting books are about assigning the parent homework. That's like, you know Oh Yeah, here's another thing you pay. Here's a new thing, don't do this to mess up your child. Here's a new thing that you didn't even know you were doing, but it's totally gonna to turn your kid into a serial killer. So here's why you need to do this, this, this, this, that the other, and like this is this book is the opposite of that. We don't want to give you homework. We want to take a load off of your plate and we want to help you. We want to help you, the parent, because nobody works harder than the parent in any family. If it's like this interview, everybody, it's simple advice. It's inspirational advice. And it is coming from two people who have done it as well. So thank you both so much for your time today. I really appreciate reconnecting with you. It's been so long. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thanks for listening to the beage kids and money podcast. Be sure to subscribe so you never miss an episode. And if you found today helpful, sharing it with a friend or leaving a quick review is a great way to support the show. To connect with me, Andy hill, visit marrikids and money. Com. This podcast is for entertainment and educational purposes only and is not personalized financial advice. Thanks again for being here.
